alright lets see how this goes
ok lets see how this works
one last time
you fucking bot
alright
i got part of it working
PPDBot: what are you doing?
well that's not working
but at least it's not crashing
So I'm texting this guy to get to know him, and we're on the page about a bunch of things. Even specific mixed breeds of dogs. This is so weird. lol
haha awesome
aZombieKitten, i didn't realise you were single
damn that was slow
PPDBot what are you doing?
hey PPDBot 
true dat
god damn it
PPDBot's gangster
i guess david bowie is like most musicians to me, i know some of his songs but i don't know him
oh god
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TOE3bRGaYI
wait
are u suprised a british person knows who david bowie?
is*
oh
i get it 
who doesnt know who david bowie is
yeah
I think its an age thing
i'm not british, so don't be surprised i don't know some of the things you do
was there more drama here tonight?
but u kinda do know who he is
thats my point
So where are you from filozof bro?
filo is a hew
jew
from jew land
Jack4ss: i've heard of his name, but not much besides that
yes, i'm atlasb's cousing
cousin*
except she emigrated to america and i stayed in poland
cool
given how smart i am, i probably have some jew genes
are you rich?
I am not sure what to think of this song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7APmRkatEU
this is not too bad meeb
sounds xenophobic 
ameriphobe
your not allowed to complain about ameriphobia as a muslim witzie
you're*
it's tongue in cheeck
-c
most of bowie is not like that though, that's a partnership with trent reznor one-off
i dig that revision
Hey meeb
hi
Where is snailbot
lol a redpiller gets his info on women's nature from tv shows https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/40ftxe/manipulative_nature_of_women_shown_in_an_episode/
slurming elsewhere
before I read beyond the first sentence...
House is hot!
please tell me that this isnt the episode with the 15yr old tranny model
jesus fucking christ
it was
mornin meeb
can a red piller please go tell that guy that the 'manipulative chick' in that episode was actually a boy???
she wasn't a hermaphrodite.... just a lad with a heart shaped ass
doesn't matter, it still means women are evil
TV SHOWS
are not reality!
I agree
But
hm
lol yeah susan
its a shitty post
imdb says it was an actual gitl
girl as well
From art you can derive good analogies. Just TRP is pretty shitty at it
its only worth analysing real life relationships
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Richardson
the actress was actually a girl yeah
not the character 
what with TV not being reality and all...
i don't remember the character being a boy either, but sounds like you know it better than me :P
yeah, I was....a really big fan of house and thats one of my favorite episodes actually 
but oh shit, I just figured out where I knew the chick in Harper's Island from..wow
They just draw poor lines on a scrap of paper with a red pen, portraying where the bad women in tv or movies had hurt their feefees. That's what TRP does
That's how they draw analogies
At any rate, I think the real moral of the story here is...
Fathers don't fuck your daughters, they could be your sons.
Wat
Okay
Great
^
13:43:34 < dragoness> Fathers don't fuck your daughters, they could be your sons.
nocontext time!
yeah dragoness that is the right moral
Meeb
You know that you are like the kid we keep because he has nice toys right
We NEED snailbot
I NEED IT
No worries, we only keep you because you got jew-free money BTL.
I am alright with that
I embrace it
BeyondTheLight: added snailbot to the only chanel you legit have ops on :P
enjoy
haha nice
lol
we can get like married now
.add quote 1:43 PM <dragoness> At any rate, I think the real moral of the story here is... 1:43 PM <dragoness> Fathers don't fuck your daughters, they could be your sons.
isn't it quote add?
right
.quote add 1:43 PM <dragoness> At any rate, I think the real moral of the story here is... 1:43 PM <dragoness> Fathers don't fuck your daughters, they could be your sons.
didn't want to steal your shine
.quote
uh
.quote
meeb:
droky
Do you know why my bot would start to ping timeout randomly on a pi over my windows 10 computer?
On quakenet
its microsoft man
they want your superior bot down
no
any logs? is the pi on wifi?
I've never been able to even get the CTCP messages to display
No logs, pi is on wifi
ctcp is just privmsg at the protocol leve
i'd go with wifi being shite then
assuming when you log back into the pi it's not restarted or anything
I did change my internet and router recently
I didn't consider it could be that
lol
that makes sense
iwlist scanning
as root
I had something similar with router a while ago drok
I'll try hooking it up to ethernet
it'll list all the wifi networks along with their db
Ok
check it's a strong signal
but yes
ethernet is always better
sometimes wifi just stops 
and doesnt reconnect for some stupid reason
most common cause is things like fridge compressors kicking in or microwaves
both emit wideband interference on the same frequencies
Ok thanks, I'll look into that
what's your bot written in ?
Phyton I think?
Yeah Python
.quote
Pinging females for drama update in our channel in 5 mins
yisssssssssssss
Pics of property damage when I get home
Gotta order my coffee now
.quote
property damage? sounds cool
 There better be rockets abd bombs
So you better spill the beans blowing 
Am I updating in here then?
it's silent in here
you might as well
I gotta figure out how to reload defaultdict structure for the markov chains
Am doing boring nerdstuff anyway for now
Then I have to get the chains working
And also I have to solve the ping timeout
But if that is just plugging in Ethernet that's not bad
You seem to have your work cut out for you
Because that is a list lol
I have no idea what all that means
except for ethernet
I added some markov chain stuff to the bot
So it will talk to us eventually
"was david bowie an alpha"
fuckignmorons
fuckign lunatics
"I think he had a beta mindset, (in the sense he was a legitimately nice guy who was shy, artistic, intelligent, in touch with his emotions and even his feminine side, etc.) "
hhahahahaha
he was David Bowie
did you see the comment 
I think he had a beta mindset, (in the sense he was a legitimately nice guy who was shy, artistic, intelligent, in touch with his emotions and even his feminine side, etc.)
oh shit
hahahahahaha
jinx
your other titles are meaningless
or Goblin King
ziggy stardust
so beta
he isn't alpha or beta or human 
lol
he's david freaking bowie
they are so retarded i cant stand it
"owie is what many natural Betas/Omegas should aspire to be."
witzie ++
lolwut
well i understood that comment
He is trying to make it sentient RedManBearPig 
jeyus threads are a special kind of retarded today
Its xemnas
in that betas and omegas and short guys used to DO THINGS
to get liek FAMOUS
ge tmoney
status
an omega doesn't get famous 
i just dont think bowie fits it
DAft punk song literially describes unfairness
Woohoo
the ability to get famous by being bowie means you were never omega in the first place
of course
i didntmean omegas become david bowei lol
its such a misunderstanding of alpha
ok I read that as him advising reddit neckbeards to try to be david bowie
lol
he was drivenfor fame sime he wa slike 17
thats alpha
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40eydn/how_some_children_of_ex_wives_reinforce_hypergamy/cytwy61?context=3
witzie go say this on the thread "witzie> he isn't alpha or beta or human witzie> he's david freaking bowie
Yeah look at wombat
look at this baby https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tUzT3kepiY
She is exeptionally stupid today
Hi rpw's
BTL
I read that again
and all she did was miss the s
"You mean like your did?"
if she wrote yours instead of your
it would make more sense
but I am pretty sure she isnt sayingyou
Its wombat she is incoherent as fuck
dude
she normally is
but this time 
less so
my fave david bowie vid is gone :(
oh nooo
It was first you susandeath 
She couldnt even fix her insult
i dont care david bowie is ded
She is stupid
oh did she edit
what video??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RyGW8700M4
I really like this one
 Wassup linked on TBP
To PPD
what
he's gotten so many warnings for that
link?
They brigaded, but he made some dumb MRA comment
he's a scummy little bastard
And they downvoted him too
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/40eve6/well_they_are_pretending_its_not_true_any_more/
hahaha
so fickle
hey all
Who is babyboomersanta? She is the worst mod.
check out this incel asking for porn: https://www.reddit.com/r/StruggleFucking/comments/40bzd6/request_guys_rape_a_girl_while_her_boyfriend_gets/
plot twist: boyfriend gets unwanted blowjob from his mother
oh, extremely NSFW language so if you're at work, better not
susandeath was right
About?
an incel needs a porn where his mother leads a group of men who gang rape his fantasy girlfriend while she blows him to get off
Haha what a shitstain
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/40ao0d/one_of_my_family_members_is_involved_in_the/
....struggle fucking?
the fuck
my fave video was for "let me sleep beside you"
I hope his cousin beta uprises him
is that a joke sub?
its still one of my fave songs by him
but hes adorable inthe vid
Sunhappy: it's all weird porn requests. I have found where the incels live!
gross
witz https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anl2Q5bOjMM
Im at work can't watch videos
Call to your people filozof
why do bloops use the word kind so much?
God women shouldnt do EE 
what drok ?
To beta uprise SAM
Because now they are behind and took our stuff in
I'm talking the incels not the poles
what's EE?
Electrical engineering
man
why is BP so mad at the manosphere?
SAM is a shitstain
oh
SAM?
the manosphere is so not a big deal to me
when i first got into RP
i hated everyone on there
Yeah the thing is they slow people down that sucks
Strategicatomicmoose
MRA, TRP, RPW
Sunhappy: strugglefucking is not a joke sub, plenty of guys and girls are into that porn
fucking asshole weirdos ruining our societial progress!!
fuck them all
now i think about it
It's his account he posts on TBP
a LOT of people feel that way
but just don't know or use the terms
Right Sunhappy
if you say "women should be submissive" my bf will gawk
but he wants everything RPW says a man wants in a relationship
no outside male company, deference, sahw/m, etc
he's against women earning equal to me
men
it's interesting
strategicatomicmoose was probably the most annoying bluepiller to me
when men feel safe talking around you, they tell you how they really feel
and it's everything RP says
That's his post filozof
which?
But I agree him and DBB were the two worst
and powerkick
Powerkick gets hysterical enough that I don't care
People make fun of him because he posts crazy shit
SAM and DBB never did
No checking
i liked myfriendscantknow
hes th eone who told me there wa sno wall and no SMP
if one more man tells me theres no female wall im going to bomb something
They let some little 20 y/o who wanted to kill himself and came back from the brink without turning RP talk like some experienced pinnacle of wisdom
lol
most men are naive
there's no wall, i like GILFs
He has had one gf who cheated on him
And now his dumpy mayonegg eating gf
there is a female wall
they call it a burka
And DBB is a fucking Mormon
but seriously, i dont understand how a dude can deny the wall
i know that 40 year old women are way too old and ugly for me
once covered up she surely is too old for having babies. This is why muslims cover them up
to deny the wall is to deny an almost unversal devastating female experienc
it's not even about looks filozof 
eeven paulina poriskova wrote about it
being invisible at 46
the women who deny it i get
yes, she said that nothing ages as bad as the ego of a beautiful woman
younger women just have qualities that have faded with older women
but to go from a lifetime of men crashing their cares to crane their necks at you
to invisibility
and to have a 24 yr old nerd tell you
"nah"
the wall is when they stop LOOKING
do you have experiences with 24 year old nerds?
spontaneously
sorry, i misunderstood
yes you did
why do you get the women who deny it?
because they were born at the wall usually
there is a certain "freshness" to young women that can't be recreated 
exactly
you canbe good looking for your age
you can be "well preserveD"
you can find love
and date
but youll NEVER turn heads
like in youth
99% of femael attractiveness is youth
I can objectively evaluate a 50 year old woman who has taken care of herself as beautiful, but I will always have a natural response to an average looking 23 year old
whats left after the neoteny burns away is what youre stuck with
All I can think about is meat while reading well preserved
lol
Maybe I could just call that post out
Do it
The manosphere is good for men, why is BP so butthurt?
Then just link that
what post
Because they think it destroys men
SAM post
linx
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/40ao0d/one_of_my_family_members_is_involved_in_the/
so some 35 year old cousin has no ambition and lives like a child at his parent's - what does that have to do with men trying to gain realistic expectations?
AtlasB: was david bowie bi? 
my mom says he wasn't
for the 35 year old incel RP is the least of his problems
he allegedly was in th e70s
it was the 70s
he claimed to be
i think sex was just sex
for the rich and famous
it was fashionable
theres a story his wife angie
caught him and mick jagger in bed
my mom claims he wasn't but I always assumed
yeah lol
that freaking song
you know, he wrote the stones sonng angie abouther
yeh
whre they dance together like retards
who did the mick jagger not fuck?
lol that was the 80s already
dancing in the streets
horrible
do you knwo angie witz?
bluepillers think manosphere is bad for everyone
I love the song
I don't know the person
and feminism is good for both men and women
cause thanks to feminism, men can express their feelings
right i meant thesong lol
Fucking BP
i wonder what exactly do feminists mean by "men being able to express their feelings"
Wombat claimed that feminism is "The radical notion" that women are humans.
i'm able to express them now
filozof: they're trying to say that feminism
they mean
was for men and women
it's not like i'll go to jail for it
from the beginning, whcih is a lie
"express your female like feelings like a female"
of third wave
they dotn mean its a CRIME for men to
mos tmasculinemen dont express their feelings
feminists think men being masculine minded is a threat of some kind
except for anger
it is a threat
to them
because they inspire homicide in men
i think men can express their feelings but they aren't women
wow it's weird to see it right there in front of you in black and white, no shame
https://www.reddit.com/r/islam/comments/40gr8b/is_it_okay_to_be_offended_as_a_muslim/cyu0s3e
they aren't gonna express their feelings like women
they expres smale feelings
and women are horrified
AtlasB: i'm talking about the feminist ideology, by what means will they enable me to express my feelings
likemy h
men may express feelings and women see right past it
"I don't agree with shrugging things off that's offending the majority of the Muslim population"
cuz they don't recognize it
he expresses his feelings all day
lust rage murder
vengeance
" If people are going out of their way to draw cartoons (most likely hurtful images) of someone important in the religion knowing it is wrong and likely to cause commotion isn't it wrong on their behalf for doing a provocative act in order to receive a response."
the left has done this to christianity for 50 yrs
witzie waht did you think of that muslim lady that was kicked out of the trump gathering?
ACT UP used to go to churches
anf throw condoms at priests during services
wow
Sunhappy: I read that she was a leader in a group that got christmas songs censored and christmas celebrations removed from schools in her area
aka she's a cunt
she comes into a culture
i figured it was a stunt
good for him
destroys the things that culture loves
and then expect them not to dislike her
who shows up and stands when he's talking about islam or wahtever and wears a shirt like that
if not for attention
and makes a big fucking fussy show about it when people dislike her
she's an attention whoring cunt
who was kicked out of a trump gathering?
"The cartoons done by France literally offended every single Muslim, I would have protested to make a stand" 
lol
" imagine if the cartoons were about Christianity, where all these devoted Christians would be mega offended a protest would have definitely happened. As for the violence it's usually started by those not participating in the protests. "
personally i think muslims are weirdly sensitive
lol and then she's called out about christians not being violent about art that's literally shit on a cross
i understood immediately post 9/11 why they'd be nervou
and then she switches to
"My point was simply if Christianity was such a big impact in the majority of peoples lives as is Islam in Muslims lives then protests would occur. "
but frankly i thought Bush did pretty good to not alienate muslims
or misalign them
AKA "well its not true but if christians were like muslims they would be violent too!!!!"
now....it's pretty bad
the US was 98% christian
lolol
and it bent over backwards
to accomodate other cultures
a female war veteran speaks up about including females in the military https://i.imgur.com/4WdbsVP.jpg
hahaha
wow sometimes i cant stand how retarded ppl are
lol look at my response 
https://www.reddit.com/r/islam/comments/40gr8b/is_it_okay_to_be_offended_as_a_muslim/cyu26x7
Lol ehat avunt that woman
Well if that's the way you feel, and lets say you're right, let Allah punish them, at the end of the day, if anyone is going to take offence, it's the Prophet.
beautiful
morning all
Was that sarcasm or not AtlasB haha
I just watched the trailer for Room
dont bother griddy
lol
The trailer was compelling IMO
Jack4ss: you thought the movie was eh?
you made it!
me?
yeh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpdHMaccjw4
i used to be smarter
ty
https://www.west-midlands.police.uk/latest-news/news2.aspx?id=4000
bitches 
wow
protopill: i think i saw that floating around in the days of atheism+
lol buartha
this is my sister http://www.thetop10s.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/girls1.jpg
isn't she pretty?
liar
thats me
https://s.yimg.com/ea/img/-/140811/screen_shot_2014_08_11_at_9.03.40_am_19ufus6-19ufv19.jpg
i am pretty arent i
Yikkkkkessss
10/10 filozof 
yes thats a gross whore makeup
That girl that I posted is just absolute trash
Say something nice challenge !
I mean just so trashy
lol
femimuslonazi is ugly
lol
i think she could look nice without makeup
what is wrong her makeup
Idk it's hideous
I don't understand why they would make her a first page
exactly
like her
i think she has nice facial features though
Ditto
Sure but that makeup tho
She's cute
My god
I felt like I was in House of Wax
I don't think she's ugly, it's just a really weird angle. Though it's possible she put it at a weird angle deliberately to hide something. It's hard to say haha
And I was going to be killed
so feminists cant take proper pictures or use makeup
Just has to dial the makeup back few notches
thats how i do my makeup sometimes
I think that kind of make up looks better on pale girls Katniss_Granger, so if you're typically English you're grand :P
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/40j0kx/if_i_move_out_there_youll_need_to_support_me/
yaaaay
"Get a vasectomy yo"
ok lets see how this works
"stuff in here
But all in all he probably would have benefitted more if he was in america with the tax he was paying  blowing 
not leaving are we?
Because it was a lot
"more stuff"[
drok: ?
alright that might be fixed
Bot fight?
PPDBot are you there?
PPDBot: are you there?
nope
Idk fiat they would have had it pretty good in the netherlands
so this reload is going to destroy you
just wanted to show nanny
can you reload?
.reload
fuck yeah
I thought the only people who could afford to live in London were Russian oligarchs, Nigella Lawson, and Charles Saatchi. 
hows your brains bot?
PPDBot: are you there?
"more stuf
no errors yet
Can confirm arthurmacarthur, am Charles Saatchi
isn't your SO semi loaded, buartha
He is a bit, but I moved over for uni before I met him and wasn't loaded, haha
Well, I felt loaded due to muh sweet sweet bursaries, but not on an objective scale
PPDBot: what are you doing?
i'm going to skull fuck you, you stupid bot
Report just came in from JP Morgan "China's competitive edge has finished since the financial crisis and by 2016 China will how at its lowest rate since 1990."
Glad I didn't buy the emerging market buy hype
What are y'all doing over here? It's pic swapping time!!!!!
ok make sure this still works
Someone tell me if my stupid retriever puppy actually needs to go out to pee
or if he just wants to go outside to yell at the deer in the yard. 
PPDBot: what are you doing?
son of a bitch
i hate you PPDBot
AtlasB: you're missing some good arm chair legalsmithing https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/40jco0/deardaddy_responds_to_daughter_about_bitches/cyul8q2
i wonder if it will talk yet?
alright
i think it's gotta be sentence generation
bleh
PPDBot why won't you work
What are you trying to get it to do
use markov chains
make it markov chain based on whatever atlasb types
lmao
that would be even better
except full of typos
anyone ever had couple's counseling
come on bot
PPDBot what are you doing
how was it
My friend tried it. It didn't help
My husband would never agree to couples counseling in a million years
bearing in mind my situation at the time not being typical of most relationships, and i was just jumping a hoop to get a little more divorce paper there,
It was good for what I was using it for, the "counselor" was kind of a hippy-dippy twit, and by the point it came up as an idea, I was already on the way out.   the most it did was prompt an in-depth discussion between me and the ex-wife where I diddn't have to spur intelligent or honest or logical responses and imput from her.
sounds useless
which is to say, more was communicated afterwards on the way home, after the innital appointment,  second appointment was us going "naw, we're done, all shits takes care of, kthxbye!  (and you're clearly the bottom of your profession eh?)
did they say anything insightful
like at all
In my situation, I was only bothering with it because it would help speed up the (inevetable, as I'd decided opon it) divorce.
insightful?   Not much more than confirming what was allready known and apparent to the both of us, confirming a couple of things for the both of us.     
But as I mentioned,  it did get the (ex)wife to get her head in the game temporarily to start communiating like an adult.
There are a lot of states where a couples 'counselor' need have absolutely no actual certifications. 
It is the equivalent of a 18th or 19th century person deciding one day, "Hey, I want to be an attorney!" and hanging out a shingle.
Lol Certification certification in one leftist feminist brainwashed nonsense
I wish that were so. Perhaps it has changed since the last time my sister checked. 
AtlasB, no shit. 
Congratulations you're certified and bullshit you can hang out a shingle
I missed out on a good deal the guy who ran my husband anger management course what's on nobody with no credentials from nothing and he had patients funnel to him directly from the criminal justice system at $67 a pop I could have been much richer
Such a fucking scam
Yes.  How leftist that pieces of paper confirm base or minimum training or eduation towards a given trade or profession.  Clearly the doccumentation of such based on the credibility of the cirtifying body is a gender issue.    ????     Maybe we should do away with the bar exams, its just lefists feminist certification nonsense anyway amiright? 
wait a second, why did your husband go to an anger management course
atlasb
$67/pop in what year's dollars?
Because even now that would be a pretty sweet deal, considering where I live. 
(Or what decade's dollars, should you not want to be specific.)
Domestic when he was 19 that escalated into being a fugitive for 8 yrs
Domestic violence?
I didn't know that you got am for that
Yeah
Big violence 
EIGHT YEARS?
Was it part of his parole or was that his actual sentence?
He pushed her on her ass and called her a bitch and left 
It was part of his probation when we turned him in
Yay, judicial system. 
Oh you have no idea 
The older I get, the more I align with the executive branch. 
And I aligned with it pretty hard-core back when I was 21. 
Needless to say he's a little sngry
wow he married young
He was nt married 
oh
It was just some girlfriend 
So he got charged and was a fugitive
Over a push?
Who called the cops on jom
He plea bargained to a burglary charge
This is an excellent use of my tax dollars and I am on the record as endorsing it! 
   /s
It was such bullshitv
I wish I had been there 
What would you have done?
He wouldn't have had a pd
DV is super subjective on the judge isn't it?
He wouldn't have plead guilty
To birglary
He didn't commit
The charges don't even make sense
The underlying offense of harassment wasn't a felony
assault?
No
He was charged with harrasment
Misdemeanor
Simple assault is a misdemeanor in  pa
Anyway
Well you know how I feel about all that
Burglary is breaking and entering with intent to commit a felony
Very unfortunate
Yeh
He got caught in the nigger factory 
A life ruined over stupid shit
They let him out of jail homeless
He was born at the wrong time. 
And said pay
Our parole system is criminal
Right
My dad did about a billion times as much stupid shit as that. 
All is forgiven now. 
Actually, make that six billion. 
If you go to jail or prison, and serve your sentence
That should be it
In my opinion
That is literally supposed to legally be it. 
They should have just kept him for 6 mo
No probation 
He couldn't pay
He was homeless
Don't make them continue to pay for crimes committed 20 years ago
God, probation is a bunch of bullshit. 
He lost everything
They evicted him while he was in jail
People we bought our house from; H went to school w Mr. Arthur and W was a PO
She hated it. 
Said it was a bunch of infuriating nonsense. 
Two things that fuck men over in this country
i can't even come up with a policy solution to this, which is my instinct
Divorce rape/ child support
like, they weren't married
And parole
even if you legalize spousal discipline, you can't just legalize men beating up random women
.context
come on bot, don't let me down now
Thats why no one understands why black guys run
They on parole or have a warrant
Bardotta jail was fine 
It was post jail
That ruined him
ah
He had to pay for things he couldn't pay fir
Get to places he couldn't get
He had no support systen
wow.  reading the difference in between the two charges in PA,  they dun fucked him good, and any legal defence worth sock lint should have pushed for simple assault.
people who get out of jail are fucked
thats interesting.
a friend of our family has to go in for random drug tests once per week
How they got a burglary charge outbof misdemeanor harassment I'll never know
Still blows my mind that people are expected to pay for their own court-ordered treatment. 
who's going to hire someone who has that sort of crazy fucking obligation?
"boss some mornings I can't show up"
Its totalitarian 
smh
it's disgusting
Yup
Girl people have lives ruined
He got a job before we turned him in 
Over traffic tickets
And immediapety 
Had to ask for 100 days off lol
Ridiculous
Right
R hates the court system
If I ever defend lawyers in his house, he'd lose it
Lawyers and judges especially
H is lucky he has AtlasB 
Most ladies wouldn't tolerate all that. But that's how the system gets you
I got suspended in elementary school multiple times for fighting - not sure if that's what trained me to be peaceful, or I juts matured or became super nerdy as a teen
then again if I got into a relationship with no RP knowledge who knows what might happen
I'm peaceful because I feared my father more than the police
Ditto. 
So much more. 
Dad could have and would have easily
Broke me in half
Or worse, ship me off to Nigeria where I have no rights
Or worse even!!
Mr. Arthur and I seek to instill The Fear in the twins. 
Put a juju hex on me
It is difficult in this age and milieu. 
this is going to be a terrible generalization:
Yeah, Sr. Arthur had ill-defined stories about the Viet Cong
that left me quite sure that I did not wish to cross him. 
but all the best men I know grew up with fathers who beat the crap out of them if they were bad
Hmm
Fair enough yeah
Mr. Arthur's dad never laid a hand on him after he was five. 
But there were other issues there that maybe compensated. 
I'd say men with fathers at home
Are the best men
it might just be a coincidence. I'd never advocate seriously for child abuse
Present fathers I should say
but there's something to be said about fearing your father
men with fathers worth respecting personally as men and fathers.
Beating kids isn't child abuse
if your dad is a good man
Mr. Arthur grew up in the 1970s, so no fear about abuse. It was the done thing at the time!
It's just normal
Now, some of my mom's stories... 
That is some next-level shit.
My poor naval commander is sick :( so many feels
Commander?! Nice! 
(I am sorry he is sick.)
Lol thanks. He got the cold. I have to remind myself he hates being reminded he's sick lol. But internally him super I wanna take care of him mode
It's not a bad mode. 
Zinc is the answer. 
Mr. Arthur took mad zinc his first year teaching and was never sick. 
He's letting it take it's course
Can't wait to see him tomorrow. :3 
HE SHOULD TAKE ZINC. 
God, I sound like Frank Costanza. 
dude, once i took zinc and I swear I couldn't taste anything for three days
I may suggest but it has to be in passing or its like I'm mothering him
He's 44. He knows what works for him
Not to change the subject, but Sunhappy, are you all getting weather in DC tonight?
It's windy and cold
It rained Saturday
Bleh. 
Sunday was lovely
Random crappy lake effect snow
Nice warm weather
and NWS and weather.com disagree about how much worse it will get tomorrow, and how far it will extend south and east. 
I miss the Capitol Weather Gang. 
Eh weather here has been all over the place
hey practicewhatyou :)
Heya :) 
Did I join at a quiet time? Xx
I think a lot of people are in the USA, it's night time there I think?
Yeah, it's a bit quiet here at the moment.
it's dinner time for a lot of us i guess! 
It is. Actually, I should eat before I forget to!
forget to eat?! 
i got my garmin vivo
yeah im cooking dinner right now!
even though its 8:56 pm lol 
welcome practicewhatyou :)
janejane89 kittenkajira LandBeforeThyme littlebee pixiedelights sweetkisses29 you guys around?
Thank you Camille :) 
so what brings you to the room this evening practicewhatyou ?
How is it so far?
does it do weather?
How does it differ from an iphone?
Lol
I'm having my leftovers from Red Lobster. :3 Yum.
Sorry, it's meant to be practicewhatyoulearn (a little reminder to myself when it comes to RPW ideas and lessons) I must have left the last part off! 
I love the idea of constant self improvement, and it's a massive part of this sub
theres a character limit to nicknames
so it automatically cuts you off i think but thats okay!
and wonderful :) we are definitely all about self improvement in the chat room as well
At least it isn't cut off mid-word! :p
I've been trying to put it into practice myself, but don't feel like I'm succeeding, so I figured becoming more involved would help and motivate me :) 
Thanks for explaining - and too true aZombieKitten!
awesome! again, welcome! anything you want to discuss in particular tonight?
irc chat is a great way to keep yourself on track! 
I'm honestly just loving talking to likeminded women - it's really freeing (if that makes any sense whatsoever!)
I'd say it's nice just soaking up the feminine energy ... but that makes me sound creepy. Or like a weird tampon. 
Haha, it's okay. :p
lol
emotional tampon
(I know what you mean)
are you single or in a relationship practicewhatyou? 
Single - my last relationship finished 5 months ago now (20 years old for the record)
What about all of you? :)
married for 3 years, 26 :)
im 23, in a LTR of about 1 year 
Single as well. Last relationship failed, too.
what would be some positive adjectives to describe a masculinised, high dominance woman
Cakeforallofyou and Amelia_ Congratulations! :)
Driven?
thanks practicewhatyou 
assertive, confident 
so far i have masculinised, argumentative, confident, self serving but they arent all positive
ooh driven is good thank you
powerful? ambitious?
assertive is good too 
this is a very particular type of woman we're describing, interesting
powerful is definitely not true lol but i will use ambitious gravias
gracias
and now some negatives for feminine, low dominance woman
i have all the positives down for that one
when you say feminine do you mean RPW understanding, or the rest of the world's understanding?
Because I imagine most people would think 'doormat' would be one adjective - even though that's not exactly accurate?
the rp understanding
okay no thats good
doormat is still a potential negative
it wa shard to figure out
but i got it now
i have to figure out how to pair the HRM chest thingy
negatives: weak, powerless, spineless, doormat
interesting that this is mostly coming back to power.
ooh, frivolous?
Passive?
nice.
its paired with weight watchers
(not a suggestion)
Unopinionated is one I've heard once or twice?
passive is good!
okay yay 
its for my post 
Do you mind me asking what it's for Camille?
its so late i dont think anyone will read it if i share it tonight 
Oops sorry! ^^
working on an rpw theory post
yay new post! 
We'll definitely read it :) 
its 1085 words so far 
so i have a long way to go
What aspect of the theory is it focusing on? 
its about the different possible relatonship dynamics that can fall under the umbrella of rpw
and its also about dominance in both men and woman
that'll be great 
Oh wow - that's going to be a really good read! 
do you guys want to see a draft? its half rough draft half outline
Yes please!
https://www.dropbox.com/s/lnabxvlnpsyi1x8/RPW%20Dynamics%20Rough%20Draft.pdf?dl=0
I'm only halfway through but this is brilliant
thank you!
I'll read it later Camille.  Watching Star Wars
this is so true, i can easily see these relationship dynamics in a lot of our users 
If you don't mind me asking Camille - do you intend for it to be so black and white regarding High and Low dominance - both in men and women?
yes there is a spectrum of course but just divide it in half mentally
I didn't explain that very well sorry - I meant do you see it as two separate categories or a continuum?
both
everythings a continuum
its a continuum with a definite division between high and low
Ahh, okay - thank you for explaining :) 
like if its a scale of 1-10 then 1-5.4 is low dom, 5.5-10 is high dom, 
im playing with my vivofit 2 i just got
then ill look
okay!
witzie has some amazing post ideas
too
oh yes we discussed some earlier today
i am excited for more OC
i am also working on a satirical/humorous post "you know youre an rpw when..."
i would love to read more theory posts 
fantastic so far
thanks! idk if you saw but its half rough draft half outline so things will be fleshed out more
i would write theory but i dontknow what to write
theres only a handful of women on the sub who are qualified to write theory imo
the L/T distinction is faulous
did you think of that?
yes!
camille ++
gr
camille++
it came to me last night at 3 am and i ran to my computer and started typing lol
^_^
"Being a high dominance woman with a high dominance threshold is not an excuse to be a cunt"
yesss
so much this
it make so much sense
thats why ppl dont udnerstand my h and i
how can i "take " him
because i have high T 
its not the dominace level that determines the success its th eT
excellent
i think this will help a lot of the women here who are low dominance threshold and don't understand 
i hope so!
there is so much confusion on the sub 
about submission, deferment, alpha vs greater beta, etc
Would you consider doing like a quiz or checklist of sorts to help women categorise themselves if they're unsure? 
omg so dumb
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40j6vp/study_reveals_that_the_greater_the_height/cyum6mh
yeah that would be great!
we love personality tests in rpw lol
i could make one as a part 2!
Yes that's a brilliant idea!
tests are the best
lol rpw has a love for mbti that ive never seen anywhere else 
so true
MBTI?
that was sunnie an dher h
it's a personality type thing that we talk about here often 
he was so high dominance and she was low/low
it was a bad match
`lol
my h and i are high and high high
some men start out higher dominance and slip into betaness 
yes
Thank you Amelia_ that does actually ring a bell :) 
some men start out chill and get more dominant as they grow t own you
like sunnies h
which causes a disappointed high dom wife
yeh
yep WingN re your assingment of labels
me and M are high, low/high
the tolerance level is ,mor eimportant i think
than the level
I'm low/low 
SP is low 
yay
lol
yeh
yep
i would say my boyfriend and i are also high, low/high 
I think I'm high/high
omg it makes so much sense
with a high dominance man
i wanted to create names for each relationship
but i dont want to be cheesy
lol
but like that way people can have labels and we can use it in the sub when giving advice and stuff
do ittt
off the top of my head I don't feel like I have a high dominance threshold... but I haven't run screaming yet :P
Camille I think you should do it!
so I must have one
sounds like that would make things easier even if it's cheesy 
haha madscilove!
It'll be easier to rememebr and understand!
I have a moderate dominance threshold but it hasn't yet been reached afaict
like what wuld be an example of a label Camille 
i think it determines ow much and how violently the two high dom ppl fight
i am open to any suggestions fr any of the categories
yep the threshold is key!
could always just use the letters, like HLH, LLL, etc 
Would you want something funny, serious, memorable or RP specific Camille?
beauty and the beast! high, medium/high
(I'm thinking of the disney version)
no medium only high and low
darn.
or "buddies" "partners in crime" idk
i like the letters
because then id have to go back and add mediums to everything
HLH
yeah letters is prob best
alright then.
LLH
lettrs works great
very simple
but then you don't get cute names :(
aw
i can add cute names in the description lol
captain/first mate is LLL
Yay for Cute names!
i call Zod/Ursa for high high high
lol
whats interesting
is my threashold vacillates
across my cycle
thats the key to my h and i fighting
like one day a month
hehe
im super sensitiv eto him
that makes sense
he coul dnuke the moon righ afte rmy period and i wouldnt care
its the luteinizing hormones i figured out
which bodes well for menopause
it would be nice if everybody agreed on the meaning of words in ppd
we wouldnt have those nonsense disputes
th emeanigns are the RP meanings
because thats what were discussing
so LHL is pretty common in the sub and can be fixed w lots of soul searching + hard work, correct?
no one who opposes rp bothers to read the sidebar etc
by taming the H and becoming a first mate
but LLH or LHH isn't going to work ever because you can't really change what you are attracted to, yes?
L men need LL or LH women
its compatibility
no not LH 
HL
^^
I was just thinking that.
is that right?
first letter is dom level
L menneed a high level low threshhold woman
second is threshold
?
some men like a dominant level
high threshold = needs more alpha
ooo
ok
most would probably prefer a low/low woman tho.
but Camille is that basically accurate?
i didnt understand threshhold
(just thinking in terms of what we see in the sub)
i thought it wa show much domoinance the woman could tolerate in a man
lol
i think both are important 
it is
yeh
kk.
WingN it is both
its the minimum she requires
i dontNEEEEDDD supe rhigh domoiancne
but i can take it
and its attractive
it can also be the max
WingN you do need high dominacne compared to most women
i guess lol
haha
things that dont phase you would terrify others
yeh
thats why your threshold is higher
I need to lower my own dominance ehhh. but my huscat's dominance + my dominance threshhold are about right which is good
is it a threshold or a minimum though 
like what? Now I want to know what WingN 's relationship is!
thresholds are minimums witzie 
cake no you dont lol
I mean, is it what she requires or the top she can put up with 
youre too sweet to hear
"he magnitude or intensity that must be exceeded for a certain reaction, phenomenon, result, or condition to occur or be manifested."
for example nadia requires high dominance 
witz right thats what im trying to think about
definition of threshold
WingN's H stories are hilarious.
WingN, lol no one ever calls me sweet, haha
i want h stories!
really?
she's not just "can handle dominance"
who is nadia?
you come across liek a sweet flower
one sec making a plate then ill sit down and explain my thoughts on the window
WingN, ! I love it.
cake ill tell you one little one
my husband once saw obama on tv
:D
pulled a gun out of theback of his pants
farted on it
lol
and pointed it at him
you americans and your guns
so like, that s highdominance lol
this looks interesting https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA0bxgq1X2Y
guns are awesome :) 
i guess that could be intense for some people
I would think it's maximum acceptable dominance. A low-threshold might shake in her boots just looking at a high-dom partner, I would think.
so the munition lands, it detonates a small charge 'unsheathing' it, then it self-rights and launches tripwires
no its the minimum im explaining one sec
i mean i guess i require it in th esense
if a woman has a high threshold a man has to display a significant amount of dominance before she is attracted to him, anything less than that and she is repulsed or infantalises him or some other non preferred response 
that id walk all over a weake rman
yeh
yes
ok
so you're a HHH WingN ?
so a man who is naturally lower dominance is not compatible with her
yeh
makes sense.
because he could never be as dominant as she needed
I wonder what the need for the second step is. perhaps just to allow there to be a covering protecting the mines mechanisms in flight 
I don't know if I'm a fan of the L/H without a medium, my huscat is not low-dominance but is not high dominance either
im a hello kitty pretty pink princess for my h
I'd put him somewhere in the middle
and a killer everywhere else
lol
whereas a low threshold woman does not require that much dominance, so a low dominance man is perfect for her
he can be himself and she will lvoe him and be into him
a high dominance man is scary
camille this is a lot liek maslows theory
is it?
yeah?
but he didnt have th eLT distinction
its really novel
from what i know
which theory, WingN ? not the hierarchy?
yeh maslow wrote about the dominance levels in women
thats where i got it
oh, I've never heard that, awesome.
the US has an interesting approach to artillery launched mines, instead of the self-righting mechanism they use liquid explosive that settles to the bottom and always propels the charge upwards 
https://maslowonwomen.wordpress.com/self-esteem-dominance-feeling-and-sexuality-in-women/ WingN ?
i think that people have maximums (the range maybe we can call the dominance window or something, dominance tolerance?) but i feel like most low threshold women have smaller windows
yeh
https://maslowonwomen.wordpress.com/maslow/dominance-feeling-behaviour-and-status-1937/dominance-personality-and-social-behaviour-in-women/
Whoa, we didn't go over that part of Maslow's theory. I'm disappointed.
whoah, Camille , i'm really into this theory. i am fitting loads of different relationships into it haha
so like if on a scale of 1-10 of dominance, a low dom woman might require 3, and her may may be 6, but if shes wiht a man who is 4 it doesnt really matter that 6 is her max
if a man is 7 or higher then thats the HLL bad combo we discussed above
my parents: HHL - divorced
filozof++
filozof++
filozof++ for that sexy russian accent
karmarain
I would rain all over that voice o filozof 
haha thanks, i'm flattered
https://twitter.com/JoeNBC/status/687049659186036736
I think he's basically wrong 
Who the hell is Joe Scarborough?
morning joe! 
Oooh like radio guy
he's an NBC conservative?
yep 
filozof++
aww you guys
blowing: i can read you bedtime stories when you miss your husband
Fuck that
Read me bedtime stories
"conservative:
well conservative in the sense that he seems to support the republicans
and from blowing tbh
while atlas laughs in the background
that's very unusually conservative for an MSNBC host
Lol
Hahaha
Thanks filozof
http://imgur.com/gallery/Qq8lgRw
MINECRAFT IS BACK
blowing: that's just my plan of making you fall in love with me
I was almost certain there would be a moment when Luke's lightsaber is locked with Kilo's and it slowly cuts through Kilo's
JJ Abrams has no concept of meaningful moments in action
.karma
http://www.friends4ibrahim.com/
aww
this poor guy
http://www.kurdistan24.net/en/news/c4286639-df48-44a1-a080-7a8f4f70e154/Kurdish-immigrant%E2%80%99s-15-year-purgatory?platform=hootsuite
Lonny_Z: wouldn't kilo's saber just regrow in an instant
and then cut Rey
After having lived a peaceful and successful life in America for over two decades, Ibrahim Parlak, a Kurdish immigrant, is now at imminent risk of deportation to Turkey where his safety will be endangered.
:(
they'd cut each other f light sabers couldn't block each other
I was thinking Luke's saber would cut through and cut Kilo's face. Finn would dodge and it would cut that tree Finn's back was against.
:(
There was a specific moment when their blades were locked and they were straining against each other
it had so much potential
he's not sith though
he needed to talk less
and be less emotional
General Grievous is way cooler too 
even Count Dooku is cooler
lol protopill
JJ fucked up
actually sith are supposed to be more emotional than Jedi
stereotypically
that is a technicallity
he is a bad guy
yup
madscilove: also no cohabitation either https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/40neys/dont_marry_a_girl_with_fake_tits/cyw23c3
hes evil
psycho
who cares what they call him
he shouldnt be crying
and the lamest in all of Star Wars
Better yet just don't get into an Ltr at all
there's not that many big bad guys to begin with
protopill: "You can't escape marriage even if you never married."
unless you include the expanded universe
>.>
ppdbot: what are you doing?
even that fat gungan was cooler
PPDBot what are you doing
I have been thinking about how lame Kilo is
Marriage: It's Coming for Your
every day
lol
poor lonny
since I saw it
Hey protopill, do you know what the leading cause of death by drowning is? 
is it the water
good guess, but no
the person with the foot on the poor guys head
Kilo just keeps getting lamer every time I think about him
blood/phlegm, witzie?
no, also good guess 
no fiat 
HAHAHA
sry, hit caps lockby mistake
I could see that logically
witzie++
when are u gna learn
I heard somewhere that either a majority or a surprisingly large percentage of drowning victims are excellent swimmers
da fuk
because excellent swimmers get themselves into trouble
and once you're in trouble yo fucked 
damn it
it sounds like that other joke
about what the most fattening food is
haha stop slapping yourself madscilove 
"wedding cake"
5:29 PM <madscilove> protopill: "You can't escape marriage even if you never married."
Lol
actions repeat
5:29 PM <witzie> Hey protopill, do you know what the leading cause of death by drowning is?
Asphyxiation I assume
nope
is that CTCP coming through?
no protopill 
marriage!
its marriage
Oh marriage
its a trick question
didn't you see?
everything is marriage
Silly me
i have been fooled
8:31 PM <@witzie> the leading cause of death by drowning is 
8:31 PM <@witzie> MARRIAGE
8:31 PM <@witzie> don't ask me how or why
8:31 PM <@witzie> just go warn trp
How did I not know this
you've been lied to
by the feminists
Hey witzie
madscilove:
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/40neys/dont_marry_a_girl_with_fake_tits/cyvmyt1
Check out this poor sap
He tried to be rational
i think kilo spends too much time on 4chan
good ol' fiat with a math joke
amidoinitrite
im getting a headache
too many hits to the head from fish
yeah ive had enough omega3 ty
It was a math joke and a star wars joke
yeah
Double nerd points
but it fell flat
typical fiat
I guess it fell fiat
HAHAHAAH
fiat as a pancake
this dude at my new job was like "yeah, my girlfriend hits me when she gets mad. I just let her cause it's kind of funny."
I totally nailed that
u cant big yourself up DG69
otherwise u go straight back down
play it cool
Good call
madscilove: I just watched the friends episode where Joey's girlfriend keeps punching him
06PPDBot has arrived to touch your no no places.
06PPDBot has arrived to touch your no no places.
me?
Omg there's two
HAHAHAHA
bot figh
fight*
amateur
Wow now there are bot impersonators?
the other one was an identical twin seperate at birth
whats up with the bot twins
witzie you slowpoke
Right?
trying to figure out why it wont print to me for debugging
lol
yay my garmin tracked my step aerobics as stepsd
atlasB are you a car
yeh
bet you one of those sexy convertibles
i actually used to have a sexu convertible
i had a miata for a long time
ooh
nice
what color?
was it red?
someone with the weird ' try and type stuff
with the weird `
it was blue
i think if i was a car i'd be a fiat multipla
ballin'
my little m&m
haha jack
my dad had two fiat spider pinninfarinas
http://imganuncios.mitula.net/fiat_multipla_1_9_elx_jtd_5d_114_bhp_8040070449348910893.jpg
gangstar
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/df/Fiat_124_sp_v_sst.jpg
noice
its no multipla tho
cant fit many big bootys in there
protopill would you tell your sons not to get married?
No because I'm not an alarmist conspiratard
yeah i wouldnt preach anything to my kids
not on that level anyway
Witzie you would share an alpha right? https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/40o1zl/im_in_a_quasiopen_relationship_many_rp_truths/
lol
newwwp
"The saying that "women are willing to share an alpha" rings so true."
yeah
have you ever seen swingers?
mmmm
so many hot nice girls
amirite
172cm
nope, you're right
so
my bad
you don't love science so madly if you still think it's 5'6 :P
5' 7.72"
lol, I'm not a scientist
just mad
grr
HeightRage.com in here
32F
found my new dating site
damn straight
everything should be in rankine
50C
78kg
.allterms
hybridvigor?
.allquots
.allquotes
awww yeeeeeeeeee
love?
not broken anymore
aww
i put all that markov chain stuff in
m?
and it doesn't even fucking work
mbtisex?
I like how he holds it while she eats it
uiltimate provider status
ultimate white knight beta orbiter
just goes to show
you can have a horse cock and still be an orbitter who doesnt get any
witzie dropping cold hard facts
get your umbrellas people
hey coochquarantine and Amelia_ 
hey camille
terpsplaining?
usdaprimest?
can someone tell me what this post is all about with the men making money??
lol, who put that one?
cakeforallofyou janejane89 kittenkajira littlebee pixiedelights practicewhatyou 
which post coochquarantine?
the bot seems much faster
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/40pkxu/how_important_should_a_mans_income_be_when/
hey Camille , coochquarantine :)
that's a slut if i've ever seen one
hi cakeforallofyou 
verbaliq?
wjw?
this seems like a troll
yeah wow, what a post
womenduringrape?
"here are two options and clearly one is terrible so if you disagree with me you're stupid"
yeah it is
i think it is a guy
yeah, seems to be
or... https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/40dbyl/is_it_okay_to_ask_my_boyfriend_to_occasionally/
no it says ....as a woman...
but no i dunno
i'm confused
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/40dbyl/is_it_okay_to_ask_my_boyfriend_to_occasionally/
oh haha
i just found that
oh dear lord
this person is obv with him for the money then...
someone reported them and said they were bp
haha
i'm a strong independent woman who lets my man sleep with other women while i suck up all his monies
i removed it
i don't really get how she can be all "the sex i bring to the table = the money he does" when she's saying that she lets others bring sex to the table.
oh darn, i just wrote a good reply!
i upvoted you cake...lol even if it doesn't count. just for good measure hahaha
thanks coochquarantine 
i mean, obviously money matters. but she seemed to be talking in extremes.
it matters like everything matters though. we don't laser focus on guys who make billions because that is what defines a good man
yep
I think a rpw dynamic flows more naturally when the man is the provider, so I can see prioritizing that if thats what you're into 
obviously its not the end all be all
and he doesn't need to be a millionaire 
that OP seemed pretty stuck up and bitchy
your man needs to be handsome enough FOR YOU, rich enough FOR YOU, active/sexy/family oriented/sporty enough FOR YOU
anyone ever had a "no such nick" problem?
there's no way to put an objective value on its importance.
exactly... not just RICH RICH RICH RICH RICH IVEGOTSOMUCHMONEYIPISSDOLLARS RICH
nope
i told her if she was serious about learning id reapprove it 
it's like i said. the guy who works at macdonalds in his 30's and isn't done with college yet has made somebad choices in life and that is what would next him. 
yeah, that's a fairly extreme example
like, no, there's no middle ground between being a 30-y-o working at mcD's and being a 400k earning startup owner, lol
her weird false dichotomy is why i dont trust the post
yeah, it's trolly
and she was posting in mgtow, why would that ever be reasonable
hahahaha
its always good when rpw can educate new people though so even though shes wrong id reapprove her post if it would lead to good discussions
the question should really be "in the grand scheme of things, how important is money with respect to other factors in a relationship"
yeah, so far her post seems to be "here is my pov, what do you think" then any replies she tries to rebut. never a good sign.
that i could see a great conversation happening
like i know of this great couple in puerto rico. she is a sahm and he works in construction. They don't have much. They have an old car and they don't travel or go out much but they love each other and respect the shit out of each other. They have what I want though. that type of relationship is something that I think works because they put forth a good
life...together. Tehy don't need much and that is fine for them. so in that case money wouldn't matter. 
that works for people!
yeah. there is nothing wrong with being with a man who makes a lot of money but when you solely look for that specific quality in someone then it turns into something else. 
Camille the OP responded to you
I actually don't think there's anything wrong with that. It's definitely not for me, but if that's the important factor for you then why not?
i'm not saying that there is anything wrong with it.... it is my contention that that isn't rpw though
yeah i think people can have their own standards and priorities they should just order their actions towards that
how so? rpw are about utilising sexual strategy to find a guy that works for them
so like if you want to be a gold digger fine but you have to put in the work and then take all the consequences
good and bad
just like women who want to be the dominant one. thats ok for them. it just isn't rpw
yup
When marriages were treated as contracts, and used to unite families, preserve legacies etc - it was definitely all about "what advantages would this union bring to my family/lineage." They weren't love bonds, but contracts signed at the alter and sealed through heirs
yeah Camille if you screen men for one factor alone there are a lot of possible consequences that could arise from that
right cakeforallofyou sexual strategy is amoral and wealth is attractive
right witzie 
yup
similar to what happens to men who only screen for "hawt bod"
It's an old way of thinking/approach to modern day marriage, but instead of strengthening the clan or family - the individual is only out for themselves
.context
if you're only looking at one factor, you're likely to overlook a lot of negative traits
coochquarantine, honestly i think you could be a rpw and be dominant. it would be hard, but you could do it if you were serious about the strategy. in my opinion.
i'm saying that the woman be the domanint over the man
not just dominant over all
eg a sexually/otherwise dominant woman who acknowledges that's a turn off for most men, but uses sexual strategy to find a men who wants to be the submissive one in a relationship
a lot of rpw are dominant in general but defer to their man and are submissive to them
yeah PhantomDream our perceptions towards marraige have changed so much over the centuries, especially in the most recent decades
PhantomDream, i need to seal my contract with an heir :( I want one
A woman out only for money will most likely end up with a guy that only invests in her outward sexual appeal
and it'll come with a prenup 
and they'll deserve each other!
ouch, the prenup would suck.
if she's lucky enough to GET a guy that will marry her and is wealthy
It's possible she'd have to go for an old guy
yes
and play nursemaid
but again, priorities, etc.
dust off his you know what
lol
and hope she gets a slice of the will
A lot of rich desirable guys aren't going to marry if they're more interested in the party scene
and why would they?
so the goal then would be to sniff out the rich outcasts. People that have money, but don't necessarily live like they're overly wealthy. But those types won't give a money driven woman the lifestyle she'd want
https://www.reddit.com/r/MGTOW/comments/40pj05/fb_honesty/cyw3udc?context=3
she/he was totally a troll
what a gross personality
why didn't the bot auth
quiet in here
who was telling me earlier about lush powder?
me
http://www.cvs.com/shop/baby-child/bath-skin-care/powders/johnson-s-lavender-and-chamomile-baby-powder-skuid-120993#productTabs-2
this is what i want to buy
looks nice
5 for 15 oz! thats my kind of price tag lol
fair
I had a really nice realization today, partially because of rpw :)
I've always worked back of house in restaurants, which tends to be a really rough, dirty, male-dominated space. I love the work, but I always kind of felt like I was supposed to be "one of the guys" to fit in
but I realized it's ok that I'm a girl (man that sounds silly). I wore some lipstick and a bit of makeup to work today and felt very nice and feminine and still kicked butt in the kitchen
I was always afraid people would judge me if I looked too girly
mbtichart
mbtichart?
aww yay madscilove :)
thats a great realisation!
i worked out with my garmin
it was seamless
synced right up with weight watchers
very pleasing
:(
why do shows have to hurt the prime-ageds
i've had enough shock value
hi
What are you watching SerNemesis 
hi
why is ppd bot always threatening to kick me
crossing lines DG69 
Lol
Owned
nice WingN!
...
Yay WingN!
that's why
Do you need a wrist thingy, too?
it is like a fitbit
PPDBot: has been threatening everyone
but it has a chest strap too
So it's a watch and a chest strap?
but it did record my steps in step aerobics
i didntthink it would
the strap might just be for HRM accuracy
Throwing around his brass balls
Nice!
I have a polar HR monitor somewhere.  It's really old! 
oh i have one of those too
this isnt  that
i should build a nice castle to keep the prime ageds safe inside
its a fitbit type deal
syncign readout graphs charts
syncs with weight watchers
it has a strap for additional info
Lol, you can be the prime overlord
They will rotate their love making to you, their Khan in exchange for their perpetual safety
http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/dem-primaries/265515-sanders-law-enforcement-should-handle-campus-rape
yay, sanders is not a batshit crazy feminist
is everyone playing minecraft?
Sounds like it'll work well for you
Seems likely
.context
lmao "you got something for me?" "yeah. it's small though." - she hands him a small revolver "hey, size doesn't matter, right?" "that's just what girls tell guys to make them feel better"
damn filozof bernie sanders is closing the gap
in polling
dead heat in iowa
ahead in new hampshire
only 10% behind nationally
it's happening
well i heard on TYT long ago that sanders is the frontrunner
because there was one poll that showed him leading in iowa
let's hope it's real this time
hilary's campaign won't let iowa go easily
supporters on both sides tend to cherry pick polls
but overall it's definitely dead even
in iowa
and sanders has gained nationally and in new hampshire as well
so it isn't just a random polling fluke
He has no chance
i'm curious what happens if sanders wins both NH and Iowa
if he wins those two he could win nevada too
then he'll get clobbered in south carolina and super tuesday but probably have gotten enough publicity to  keep it going later
the fact that the national polls are this close this early in the election is astounding
normally we'd have to wait for a publicity bump after a win in iowa or new hampshire
https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/3y2kdj/a_female_friends_sexual_past_came_up_in/
what a weirdo
why does her husband care
https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/3y2kdj/a_female_friends_sexual_past_came_up_in/cy9y2b0
ding ding ding
Lol why else would he
Aren't men aroused by whoreishness
"saved our first kiss for marriage as well"
o.O
yes DG69 
a woman being a whore is very arousing
it lets you see her more sexually
he also might be fact checking against any stories his wife told him about her
since he seems very concerned about sluttiness
I can officially say I'm on Team Android now.
oh yeh?
on the other hand a woman acting not whorishly makes me want to wife her up
dat madonna/whore
whatd you get zomb
i wouldnt take an iphone for free
https://www.reddit.com/r/femalefashionadvice/comments/40ns9q/does_your_so_buy_you_clothes_bestworst_clothing/cyvneod
christ these shoes
are garish
madscilove or Architect here? How the fuck do you throw spells in Elder Scrolls?
I got the Galaxy S6. I was going to get the S6 Edge, but the guy talked me out of it because if I might be likely to drop it, I'd have issues.
I'm gonna kill someone
oo nice
i have an s5
do you like it?
make it pretty
with go launcher
and go keyboard
Already did. :D I got a pretty pink layout.
Trying to decide if I want to change the font.
those ar ehideeous
Yeah, they are.
i love customizing my phone
I might download one if I really want a new one.
they lok like hoovs
the fact you couldnt on an iphone was an immediate turn off
witzie the responder in that christian subreddit is not christian
and she makes fun of christians
rude 
she's just offering outsider help to them
they should ban her
i thought it was a troll account just from username, "aspiringcrapper" so i looked into her last few comments
https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/407kvi/jesus_and_pagan_roots_of_christianity_myth/cyuvan3?context=3
"No one here can refute that. So sorry to ruin your image of your precious Jebus Cripes of Nazerbus"
oh man that girl from femalefashionadvice plugged her fashion instagram and I looked it up expecting cute outfit ideas
https://www.instagram.com/totaproppe/
.......
she's very....redditesque
https://www.instagram.com/p/BAW1axMuar2/?taken-by=totaproppe
I think this is the most quintessential reddit couple I can picture
yeah
I know, right? I'm so not jealous my bro got a MJU
              
Dammit, puppy.
i'm really good at making deli food
I think I was a deli manager in a previous life
stop ruining that term
call him your partner
or spouse
I guess it depends what you call 'expensive' but we had a cheap champagne for new years and it tasted like vomit 
oh wow, anacrassis_ is here!
swiss side of the family likes expensive wine and I never had a bad wine there 
and drunk
as usual
yay!
he's single and ready to mingle dragoness 
oh god
wait
watch out lay deez
I dumped her of course
what for
ugh
anacrassis_ what happened to that lovely Nubian princess you were banging?
I felt like we were at the point where it was going to become serious or end and I couldn't see bringing her to business events because even though she was hot she had piercings and tattoos so
i axed it
lol
anacrassis_, you should read Soldiers' Pay. Speaking of Faulkner. 
cut
anacrassis are you in america
we hooked up once me and the black girl.  it was ok i guess
yeah
aww
nvm
I've never read that arthurmacarthur I'll check it out
is your job mobile
Januarius Jones, man. 
we have officers
offices**
It is Mr. Arthur's favorite book. I read it once, many years ago, and it is still in my head. Disturbing stuff. 
what does it mean that I said officers instead.  ask the Lacanian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2vOyd3T1VM
gross af
that thumbnail..
kind of mesmerizing
I wouldn't attach too much significance to these hoes
they're pretty inconsequential
white girls trying to twerk is just sad
I can neither twerk nor dance so I'm safe from such degradation 
you look like you'd be a good dancer
me?
yoos
how? where?? 
das raycist
I can't twerk at all 
You just do
lool
I tried its just sad
^^
just listen to your body dragoness 
listen
it's trying to talk to you
i've always wanted to see if man could emotionally subsist on prostitutes alone
I did, I do
sometimes i agree with that gay quote from American Beauty about even dumb shit like bags in the wind being beautiful
i tried to persuade my friend to move to germany for that express reason
my body says "lol no" and "pls, just stop"
thats pretty gay anacrassis_ 
i know
but he likes fatties
I'm ashamed
Have you guys read American Pastoral
lol no are you jewish
I don't have anything against autistic people
damn the polish tinder girls are hot
maybe people who describe themselves as highfunctioning autistic
and redditors
https://www.instagram.com/mar_sowa/?hl=en
like 99.9% of whom are autistic
filozof
hey i was making a joke
let's not get bogged down on autism
i thought i might have insulted you
a secret autist
seriously bardolatta who are you on ppd
same nick buddy
I want food but I know that the drive merely wants to out out past the rim of the orifice of my mouth and circumvent the 'objet a' of its aim and come back to itself, satisfied
I was super into zizek as a teenager but was never into lacan
heidegger was the only real reactionary in the canon so
i hate heidegger
because of how goddamn hard he is
ahaha
Race and belief in evolution http://inductivist.blogspot.com/2016/01/race-and-belief-in-evolution.html
bardo maybe you udnerstand him perfectly
fine
I think I'm fairly smart and I think he's hard to understand
then again so is Lacan but I get him so idk
are you ever bothered by the lack of intellectualism in the sphere
also do you know about moldbug
yes and no
oh man how red are you
i think TRP gets some things right
but it's also full of manchildren who are always in their own way
The brain trust if the manosphere moved on to de
atlas these bloggers need formatting tips
select-scenes-from-true-detective?
RoK was the retardation of the sphere 
not really moving on, just there wasn't that much in the first place imo
i've never read a 'manosphere' blog
ever
RoK was the attempted mainstreamisation/monetization of the sphere
I am on ppd sometimes rarely now because i like arguing.
do you cradle heidegger tomes in your lonely bed
or do you get laid
https://twitter.com/sarahdoingthing/status/676145698161602560
e"In all probability, white liberals are comparing themselves with white hicks and conveniently forgetting that a big chunk of their party is made up of low IQ blacks and Latinos"
haven't read heidegger since HS
ding ding ding
you should follow her ana
wow who would have guessed large swaths of black and latino populations like all very poor populations have low iqs
she's a tasteful reactionary
i guess stormfront is right
loll
try this on for size brah
http://slatestarcodex.com/2013/03/03/reactionary-philosophy-in-an-enormous-planet-sized-nutshell/
wait you read SSC already nvm
filozof did you click the instagram
this is the saddest singer i've found since Townes Van Zandt:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_4N05coN2g
yes i clicked it bardolatta 
she's polish
haven't heard about her before
she's not big
her face is kind of weird, though
like a skeleton
i can't deny she's objectively hot
who's big, jak, rubik - well I'm into skeletons
i wonder if the beauty of EE women have anything to do with the poverty - in that they didn't eat as much processed food
there's a surprising amount of pretty girls on tinder though
i think the younger polish girls are really pretty
they are
(sorry non-polish women)
generally i think that the people couple years below me seem to care about style and grooming a lot
i see lots of chad haircuts
i've dated two slavs
there was none of that when i was in HS
they both had great asses
hey that's racist
every race has members with great asses, and the difference in the quality of the asses within the races is much larger than the differences between the averages
well the slavs I knew had great asses
of the races
i have to sleep 
stereotype threat - they're told they have great asses so they work to perfect it more
goodnight
go say something polish to DG first
she didn't ask
cold
idc
I'm telling you bro
Please
hahaha
Say goodnight to me filozof 
sure, what do you want to hear?
see above
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyy8bEDi1Eg
Read me a goodnight poem
here https://www.poets.org/poetsorg/poem/sleep-0
ana why are you here
wow you listen to some sad ass music anacrassis_
I'm drunk and my apartment is flooded
I dig it!
lol
have you read roissy
Good poem 
21:43:57 <bardolatta> i wonder if the beauty of EE women have anything to do with the poverty - in that they didn't eat as much processed food
nah it's just genetics
sex selection
I mean you don't think even like 5%?
No I like for real just downloaded that song. Wow
I wasn' thinking of it being a major cause
it's a beautiful song
I'm getting tingles and shit
its so alpha
I think I might cuck the rest of the songs on my playlist with that one for a bit
sure bardolatta 
anacrassis_ i ask b/c I've never had a good chat w/ anyone on the guy - you either have converts or SJWs
but there are plenty of cultures that don't eat processed food
that don't have anywhere near the hotness of EE women
of course
I swear Town's Van Zandt sings God's Own Truth
and when God comes down at the end of the game he'll say  That was right and everything else was wrong and he'll level everything down to it
I remember when I first found his blog, I sent it to a friend; he was skeptical, but then he tried a few things on his gf
lol bardolatta
once you take the red pill you can never go back eh?
going to leave soon anacrassis_ have some sam kriss
https://samkriss.wordpress.com/2013/05/15/exclusive-extract-the-lacan-conundrum-by-dan-brown/
it's conceivable
thank
Anyone have, off hand, some interesting articles about genetic selection?
I have to debate *against* it. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RyGW8700M4
can't stop listening to this 
sadfeelzman.jpeg
I think this one is my fave actually I'm switching it out 
all right
gnight a'll ya'll prole jews
*all
l8r
ana have you ever read madame bovary
or portrait of a lady or the red and the black
en francais
oui
mon dieu
21:57:42 <ZingMaster> I have to debate *against* it. 
as in?
I'm willing to bet a pony
that if you read roissy and reread flaubert your eyes will pop out
Yeh Bovary v redpill
All the classics are 
yeah
Everything was 
Its very strange now
Boys we're so different in the 80s
how so
other than their gay hair
everything
I was watching an interview with katherine hepburn on dick cavett
Men weren't afraid of women 
Hey had fathers 
They weren't low t vealpen fat cowards
read this https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/01/12/game-in-st-elmos-fire-part-3-emilio-estevez-storyline/
Raised by single moms
I read lion 
no not you
We read the same blogs bardo
No o know
I'm just telling you 
<AtlasB> Raised by single moms
Do you read unca Bob?
yeah it's a small world
I want to make a post about this
no
because in the past month I'm seeing a startling trend
just googled him "How to Seduce an INTJ" LOL
Dragoness did I link you to ricki raws myth of the ghetto alpha 
dragoness what trend
If you want to see what teens really acted like in 70 and 80s watch over the edge and fast times at ridgement high 
SerNemesis:  for my course, I have to debate against Canadians having access to genetic selection
ooooh
like genetic selection of babies?
.context
unintended consequences
yes
lessened biodiversity
that was the only one I could come up with. I will have to argue the ethics as well
it's sad that women today can't even express their desire for masculine men
b/c their speech is so heavily policed by feminists
(being that it is an ethics course
who's buartha
i didn't realize how much policing there was until I started reading celeb blogs
And they think masculinity is abuse
it also has all the risks inherent to IVF
every time a celeb says "I'm not a feminist" there's a media frenzy
I also read an interview with Lorde on Rookie
And don't know how to deal with masculine men 
oh the gay guy
and she was like, feminism is so confusing
who responded to me as such
well the ethics comes from doing something harmful no?
there are so many rules
I wish I had received the pro side. seems more arguable 
oh. in regards to men who are weak/beta/fucked up but who HAD "father figures" growing up anacrassis_ 
ethics, according to the course is right versus right, which one wins
you know who I don't like?  fucking ozymandias
if it were a right vs wrong, we wouldn't need a "code of ethics" 
why is he or she in PPD at all
Do you mean on the main sub anacrassis_?
the step-father sexual abuse industrial complex is overlooked by almost everyone
right the pro side is way easier
yeah I found you buartha
I was hoping to get the topic of mandatory sterilization lol
lol
they're not men so there sphere doesn't really care, and feminists are against marriage
that one seems easier to argue from both sides
mandatory sterilization?
dragoness: http://therawness.com/myth-of-the-ghetto-alpha-male/
like, if a mom has multiple babies taken away from her, should she be sterilized 
or a mentally retarded person being sterilized 
By the government?
the mentally retarded person is more iffy
ZingMaster: i don't know, i guess the argument would be that we shouldn't meddle with evolution for some reason
the multiple babies taken away from her obviously no
it would likely be imposed by that, yes
you could fine her though
it's super creepy that multiheaded used to post on the evageeks forum anacrassis_
he (she) was one of my favorite posters
bro I have no idea what you're talking about
xer is a communist
if she's continually giving birth to crack addicted babies, I'd be all for it
it's like castration for rapists
ethically and as a population
dude don't blame me you referred to ozy so I thought you knew all about Scott's friends
casually referred
how much of SSC have you read
strain on the system, ethics surrounding the rights of the babies
this is some heavy fucking convo for 1 AM
I never said I knew about SSC I just said it wasn't cool
ah wel;
that's a good article AtlasB but I was talking more about non-black guys
start here http://slatestarcodex.com/2015/01/01/untitled/
cool is molly and EDM and rough sex and hair pulling and sunglasses and thick dicks
but for genetic selection, allowing access to blond hair blue eyed babies, or only having male or female
ok I'm listening to Swing Swing O, good night everybody
I've really let myself go
I'm talking about the white and hispanic guys who were the product of "traditional" marriages but where dad worked and basically stayed the fuck away from the kids
Thats normal tho
Thats how all kids we're raised before
Thats not a single mom 
right
Kids used to see their dads at dinner
awwwwwwwwwwwww when ryan misses kelly 
And stfu
Lolol
and dwight pretends to be her and it works
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
and he starts mocking "her" (dwight) like he would kelly and cheers up
22:18:46 <ZingMaster> but for genetic selection, allowing access to blond hair blue eyed babies, or only having male or female
well
so would you ban sex-selective abortion or hair-color-selective abortion?
witzie how's the bf
he's great 
*would they
good
working hard bein a q t pie 
what exactly are you supposed to argue for
nice
i need to get back into a relationship
i didn't feel like this before but now I feel like a hermit crab without a shell
aww
thats sweet
your fault for dumping the gf tho
yeah
another great song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dlbkm7CQLc
<AtlasB> Thats how all kids we're raised before [....]  Thats not a single mom
true
but Ive seen an increase in guys not really.....understanding that lately
A single mom was never married and the father want cohabiting or in a relationship with her
like a few of the biggest incel fuckups in my life right now are guys who had nuclear families "like that" but wound up acting just like you'd expect the son of a single mom to act
yet they say "I never had a father figure" or "he was a workaholic" etc etc etc
and have the audacity to categorize themselves as being "raised by single moms"
it's fucking bizarre AND infuriating 
also AtlasB I think you and I (and some others) have a understanding of what a "single mom" is that is WILDLY different from a lot of others 
Thats that cats in the cradle song 
Because women have changed
More power in the home
The disciplinarian, or lack thereof 
children need the father to intervene in the closed circuit of the imaginary, incestuous relationship of child-mother in the pre-oedipal phase
My most recent ex HATES his mom for "what she did to the family" and all because his dad cheated a ton, eventually got himself a young gf, knocked her up and ignored his sons and mom finally decided she couldnt be humiliated anymore.....yet he hates his mom for filing for divorce O_o
and to represent the Name-of-the-Father and initiate the child into the Other and the symbolic order
and this is a 35y/o man we're talking about here..not some misguided youth
why did you date this man
we started as friends...
IT JUST HAPPENED!!!
started as friends wha
like an urban legend, I know
++
wtf....
22:38:50 <anacrassis_> why did you date this man
anacrassis_++
Don't put that around too much dragoness, you'll get the hopes of The Friendzoned up too much
what are you doing with a 35 y/o?
that is so far from prime-aged it isn't even funny
I matched w a girl on tinder who's 36 and I was thinking about it
35 year old man isn't that far from prime-aged
hahahaha, buartha
also no, filozof thats......well, that's pretty damn far from prime age tbh
dragoness put me in the friendzone
that's why I joined TRP
what's a prime aged man?
2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19
etc
so 37 is prime aged too
35 is pretty close then
< <anacrassis_> dragoness put me in the friendzone
done?
damn.....why do I suddenly feel so attractive and empowered now?
anyone else see skratt is back?
at least for a comment
who?
yeah i saw
?
I noticed that
I wonder if she's been commenting on an alt and slipped up?
this hotel blanket smells like my ex girlfriend
which makes me both nostalgic and suspicious
strong hypothesis buartha
night everyone
holy shit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NP0qI5Vz7KY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dN-ooi_iIs
<3
.context
"It was the heroic foremothers of the feminism movement who took a society hateful of the idea of female equality and molded it into one in which women had, excepting a minor pay gap, essentially an even footing with men. Most of those women are dead, or old; and almost certainly not lurking PPD. You are not those women."
bot
yay
ok I shared my story with you all
gimme karms
susandeath++
thanks SoP
Firiondarklight++
Meh0
Susandeath++
thank you Firion
bardolatta: who are you
hes from the sub
Is he BP, RP, ...RPW
lmao
id say RP?
more DEish
RP is a subset of the DE
yep
DE?
haha so a bunch of libertarians gave up on democracy after obama won
Good evening
my conspiracy theory du jour is nikki haley's mom cucked his dad
good evening sunhappy
she's indian, but looks less indian than half-indians
She's Punjabi
hi Sunhappy 
what's the haps in the sunhaps
Converted to Christianity in high school
She's Punjabi
she reminds me of angie harmon, the eyes, somewhat
She also went to Clemson
So I don't like her for that lol
Members of the state party hated her. She won Cuz the national GOP wants me minorities
20 minutes to billionaire status what uppp
its funny that indians ar e"minorites"
no one cares about indians and asians
the racial spoils system is for blacks
its reparations
we are minorities when it sucks and privileged when its time to cash in
R <3
I think Nikki Haley thinks she's gonna cash out but she's not
South Carolina is still gonna be South Carolina
Long after she steps down from Governor. 
was there a primary today or something?
No. There's another GOP debate in south Carolina I think on Sunday
And Obama had a sotu yesterday I guess
I didn't watch
i thought it was tomorrow
Ooh then maybe I'm wrong
Something is on Sunday
Idk I'm not paying attention until post primaries
im more excite dnow my h said i could vote
yeh its tomorrow
Lol yay you
So who do you want to vote for? Cruz :P
ew
if its not trump im not voting
AtlasB: is a Clinton supporter from way back
hesh yo mouf
LOL
Lol
I think I might vote for rubio 
Im trying to get h to rescind your voting privilege.
Rs mother will be so hurt ROFL
ew
rubio bleh
he looks liek hes wearing a close fitting amoeba
like a film over him
My dad is still mad at my mom for voting Obama in 08
Hahahahahaha
Your description of Rubio
Lmao
AtlasB: what happened to Carson?
Still a fan?
i think he pretty much cacke dout
yeh i love him personally
i dont think he can be pres
the Cucking of 2008
the great american Cuck
i think it's going to be Rubio
Rubio or Trump
I think Trump can win
But I don't support his platform
If it came down to rubio I'd vote for him
He's moderate enough for my liking to switch parties. 
that's why I think he'll take it. He's the only one both repubs and centrer folk can really vote for
and he's likeable
unlike Cruz
cruz looks liek an evil villain
hes horrifying
women will not vote for him
exactly, lol
it's his smirk and his slicked hair
Lol question
answer
Do you believe Cruz is a citizen?
I have no reason to believe he's not, but if you're asking I'm assuming someone is making the argument he technically is not
you have NO reason to believe hes not arch?
lol
he wa sborn in canada
How is allowed to run for President then?
its foolish of the GOP to think the dems wont make ash undt blotte out of him over that afte the way the GOP harped on obamas birth
how does being born in canada mean you're not a citizen?
his mother is american
You can be dual citizen
no
you cant
You can't?
no
With Canada?
US doesnt recognize dual citizenship
the other country might
Hmm
of course cruz is a citizen
I didn't know that
youre not a natural born citizen if you were born to non US parents on foreign soil
I thought you had to be pure bred american born to be president
My parents are dual citizens of the US and Nigeria
but US citizenship
extends to parents abroad
natural born citizen is another thing
john mccain wa sborn in panama
were talkign abotu natural born citizen
Hmm
Wait so I'm not natural born American?
ALIEN
were you boirn here
What am I then? 
?
Yeah
what did i say
doesn't being born to american parents mean you're "natural born"?
yes
I'm saying if I'm not natural born that's fine
so cruz would be natural born too?
you are
What do I call my citizenship then?
Ooh
youre the definition of natuarl born
you were born on US soil
duh
you can be natural born by being born on american soil or by american parents
Lol I misread
birthright citizenship is in the constitution 
thats why it was never really in dispute if obama was a natural born
no it ins
which is a stupid idea by the way
t
its noit true
LOL
the 14 h amendment was written incontemplation of slaves
not any fireign schmuck dropping a baby here
That is gonna fuck over so many of overturned
If
So Cruz isn't a citizen? Or is it just shady?
or no ones hit him on it yet
Regardless, I don't think he should run. 
because it would cause too much issuer
the 14th amendment implies birthright citizenship
The GOP I'm sure are working to repress it
the supreme court ruled so 
if not the constitution, then what is the legal basis for birthright citizenship in the us?
Within the jurisdiction of the united States
Idk. I'm tired. Can't even think 
hismother is a citizen
hes a citizen
but you know theyll try
However, concerning the children born in the United States to parents who are not U.S. citizens (and not foreign diplomats), three senators, including Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Lyman Trumbull, the author of the Civil Rights Act, as well as President Andrew Johnson, asserted that both the Civil Rights Act and the 14th Amendment would confer
citizenship on them at birth, and no senator offered a contrary opinion
the supreme court rules a lot of things
that are flat wrong
i wasn't talking about my own interpretation of 14th amendment
i said the supreme court
i don't know what was the intention of people who wrote the clause
not filozof
it was not written incontemplation
of mexicans crossing the rio grande
to drop babies
or chinese flying here
the drop babies
what i was saying is that in the united states, birthright citizenship is the law because of the constitution
it was written to reflect the time in which it was written and the issues then
which can't be denied
yes
i wasn't saying that it's the true interpretation of the constitution
i'm not educated enough to judge that
hey iwishiwasamerma 
by the way, it amuses me that the left wing in the us are the defenders of that law
kittenkajira just looked at my trends page on chronometer since its been 1 full week of using it for real
It doesn't make sense for any random baby to gain automatic citizenship just for being born here, though, for sure.
when in most european countries that they seem to admire so much birthright citizenship isnt a thing
because its stupid
such a cool site thanks again for the rec!
they only defend it because they want to defend the latinos
and because right wingers oppose it
it shows you the tribalism of politics
only th eUS has
it
its not "stupid"it made sense when passed
canada too i think
it was abotu blacks and indians
and some other countries
there were specific timely issues
Yeah, it makes sense given the time period it was written in.
as indian land was being gobbled up
and the status of th enative americans was weird
and the freed blacks
the idea that it meant two wetbacks could cross the river and make a citizen
birthright citizenship should explicitly apply to freed slaves, it's weird that it accidentally became applied to mexicans
for welfar ebenefits
just like the 4th amendment being applied to abortion
It's perhaps because of the vagueness of the law.
well thats just the worst decision in history
roe vs wade was prima facie bootstrapping
leftists think dredd scott was the worst decision
there was no legit way to federalize the issue
filozof: it's gonna be readdressed
The citizenship question. Latinos will lose lots of friends
filozof: it's gonna be readdressed
Over this fight
won't they have to change the constitution?
birthright citizenship is pretty well established by now
court case can reinterpret
we dont amend anymore
just supreme court it away
Esmarelda
I read some Hermes trismegestus
fiat: drok thanks for the talk. Ill think about it
thinking is the slippery slope to extremism
there are no moderates who have thought things through
http://imgur.com/gallery/Ygu9XJS
i've hugged homeless and eaten lunch with them at homeless shelters and ghetto shops. not like i avoid them. but i'm just realistic about how a lot of them ended up in those situations
these chicks have huge boobs for army chicks. 
often drugs or mental problems
and my xp with them hasnt proved me wrong yet
yeah drok, it's not like i haven't put heavy thought into these things and i don't think it's immoral
it's not immoral to be objective or even callous. sometimes willful ignorance can be worse
this must be why americans are so fat
yeah, I'll still buy a homeless person lunch or breakfast occasionally
but it's not like I can fix them
you could
if you took one home
and shaved him
lol
and bathed him
and banged him
ok, I did that once, it didn't fix him
and became a reddit sensation
like the other 2 people who did that
he still wound up in a mental hospital several states away
umm
fiat's right, drugs and mental problems
pussy and showers don't fix those
unfortunately
I disagree
pussy is basically super penicillen
I even stuck some money in his wallet
everyone knows this
that man did tell me I was the nicest person he's ever met, though
that compliment still feels good years later
see
you're not a stone woman yet
good for you
http://i.imgur.com/DzCogyM.jpg SFW
it actually didn't take me long to figure that out ^
it took me a reeeeally long time
madscilove: do you vote?
in the presidential election, sure
I'll probably vote in the primaries too
who you voting for brah?
Sometimes you fall and cry even if there isn't an audience
She's not saying there's no damage
There's just MORE
for the same reason
I don't like that argument AtlasB  
gotta feed that rape hysteria
they're probably more traumatized due to the adult stuff and court
this was the 70s btw http://human-stupidity.com/stupid-dogma/teenage-sexuality/pedophilia-everywhere-in-1970ies-europe-green-party-daniel-cohn-bendits-quagmire
It's easy to manipulate kids
but they're damaged regardless
I know someone who never told adults until she was an adult
i mean by non violent sexuality
still very traumatized 
like being fondled
im not saying it never traumatizes
really fucked up her personality imo her whole life
bu t i think a lot of times the kid sees the hysteria
 and I dont think ti was violent
the parents get into 
and this was with no hysteria
and thinks "this is because of me"
right
the victim gets simply more damaged
yeah, I don't believe your theory
I don't think they're significantly less damaged by not telling
im trying to find the articles i read
maybe for some heterosexual molestation
oh yes hetero
witzie> still very traumatized 
take pandorapanda 
lol
also i think they are damaged by the fact that a lot of times it felt good
nuts
then they hear all the horror of it
and feel liek theyre fucked up
god what's the name of that english comic show with the paedophile hunter?
they're just damaged in general 
AtlasB: yes
My BFF was raped repeatedly by an uncle
And it felt good
any man over 14 probably could have moilested me if he was cute
im surprised none did
And she began having masterbatory fantasies
i was boy crazy from the birtth canal
right
but this is not the case for all molestations
i never said all
i think its super common tho
or they grow up
There was a huuuuuuuuge case here in the Netherlands with a village pedophile who had sex with boys and some boys did stuff with him for money. Most of the boys who did it weren't bothered, they did it willingly but some men were damaged for life, without the interference.
over time
and hear abotu how HORRIBLE molestation is
from the culture
and think about what happened to them
or in the case of the person I knew
grew up getting it drilled into her head
how important waiting for marriage is 
yes
and how sex is bad 
right
see
and you aren't pure
etc 
thats the kind of thing im talking baout
so I think molestation was worse before the sexual revolution if you're going to go that route
imagine a girl who got pedoed in 1850
probably more traumatized
.allquotes
We had one guy in high school who got molestered by a teacher and blackmailed
he felt really shit over it
.reload
.quote add !@#$%^&^&*()
.quote drok10
.quote del drok10
.quote add                                                              
derp
atlasb?
intj?
etnj?
fuck
entj?
love it
entp?
intp?
heh
esfp?
damn
ISFJ?
.addterm esfp2 https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/4a/64/f4/4a64f40cab7cc9f820ac9928d633dc09.jpg
women are the primary victims of male suicide. lolol
omg
that one killed me
fiat++
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCywGhHQMEw
Watch that shit ffs
I think there are actually more Pfinder episodes, like 17 minutes content
.addterm infp http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_wpQrs7rI8vk/TGCsJqvHgyI/AAAAAAAAARI/y54KzxIUa8o/s1600/INFPJacksonPollockPoster.jpg
.addterm infp2 http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_wpQrs7rI8vk/TGCsJqvHgyI/AAAAAAAAARI/y54KzxIUa8o/s1600/INFPJacksonPollockPoster.jpg
nice david
.karma
.karma
Rather sad story:
Better
.karma
good I dont have to worry that even blowing has more karma than me
Guy in briton made pictures of kids destroying his property, people think he is a peado, police sees that he did nuffing wrong, let him go, people bind him to a chair and burn him alive the same day
Ah the paedo hysteria
Jeez
That happens when people read the daily star
shit
Oh well, thin the herd.
oh i remember that story, DavidHasselhof 
it was sad. The dude even called ahead of time
but the authorities didn't do anything without evidence, iirc
ehh, I just did some googling
from what i remember, there were suspicions that the people accusing him of being a pedophile were preemptively tarnishing him
to protect the vandals
there are like 50 cases where someone gets burned for paedophilia
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
its really long but i hope you guys like it!
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2478285/Innocent-man-burned-death-vigilante-neighbours-mistook-paedophile.html
Probably this one
.ping
Stephen Norley looks like a pedo, probably solipsism
I'm making myself dinner. Will look in a few!
i already made one edit but it was tiny 
i don't care for child molestors. i'll point and laugh at convicted folk like Jared the subway guy as hard as the rest. but pedo hysteria is ridiculous. people become so wildly self-righteous and heroic about it. willing to become vigilantes. willing to put aside rule of law to push through crazy overreaching laws
like the stuff put into prop 35 in my state; we don't even take that precaution with violent criminals
complete overreach of the state
Alan Rickman died????? :(
excuse to monitor everything. it's like a backdoor for state surveillance
I'm being angered at My 600 Pound Life.
This bitch is sabotaging her chance at life cause her grandma died. She's in her 30s.
Did you think she was gonna live fuckin forever?
Jesus
welcome to 15-01-2016 blowing
Jared was just trying to scoop phebes right?
What
phebes
It's still the 14th here and that's not how you write it BeyondTheLight
o right 01-15-2016
murica
yeah
dont forget the bananas
1-14-16
It's 6:25pm
On the 14tg
Th
And I didn't know Rickman was dead
He was so hot
RIP hot Rickman
If he was ugly I wouldn't care
Burn in hell
what i dont understand is why do people think that murderers and thiefs in prison should lynch rapists
my height in murika is about 830 bananas
 I dont either filozof 
> convicted folk like Jared the subway guy
I understand
*83
There I don't watch south park for a year and don't get the news, when did this happen?
It's a visceral reaction
it must be a visceral reaction to rape filozof 
nice post camille!
Lol no commas makes that lol
haha
.quote add 6:29 PM <BeyondTheLight> it must be a visceral reaction to rape filozof
people have a visceral reaction to rape me?
thanks witzie 
i didn't know i'm that annoying
Apparently
im not sure if people are actually going to read it since its so long haha
DavidHasselhof: he was convicted of having and trading child porn
and I think he also solicited
i showed it to M, he said i was a nerd, but he hasn't read it yet so we'll see if he agrees/likes it
Is it bad to be someone who people want rape filozof ?
honestly the pedo smile was always strong in him
why is it bad to be a rapist?
lol
fiat: yes he did solicit and have sex with minors
Camille, I really like the new post! I think my marriage might be low/low/low. 
Minors or children 
filozof: are you asking if it's bad to rape or want to rape?
He asked why it's bad to be a rapist
It's bad because you could go to jail for it
It's a risky sexual strategy
For potentially low reward
I'm pretty sure he didn't actually molest children, but he "molested" (paid) teens
thanks softlylightens! it probably is LLL
its a very common rpw dynamic
which is great :)
Lonny_Z: they may not have been voluntarily doing sex work
because of a visceral reaction to it filozof 
you are essentially giving a woman your "inferior" genes against her will 
and that disgusts people
i told yuou all about the rikki lake table
when my h was in jail
Like, he's very strong and masculine, it's just... low-key. Less "I am manly man hear me roar!", more being calm and patient while I am having ALL THE FEELINGS.
blowing: so you think being a rapist is bad because it's a bad sexual strategy, not because its bad for women?
all the homosexuals and sex criminals
not all rapists are inferior
(I have rapid-cycling bipolar II, so I have all the feelings. constantly. about everything.) 
just like fucking a fat chick does that
some rapists are celebrities
had to sit together
so what
not all fat chicks are inferior they still make people feel disgusted
and they werent allowed to interact with the normal prosiners
as it should be
and they were called the rikki lakes
well alpha =/= super loud and over the top 
"federal prosecutors announced they had reached a deal with Fogle in which he would plead guilty to two counts, one of distribution and receipt of child pornography and one of traveling to engage in illicit sexual conduct with a minorspecifically, from Indiana to New York City, where he is charged with paying to engage in sexual acts with a 17-year-old
girl."
it isnt a moral thing filozof just a feeling
most of the pedos and rapists are killed
Being a rapist is bad for the rapist because it's a bad sexual strategy
The women
in prison if not protected
but he definitely could be a greater beta
just like killing isn't inherently bad
17!?!? Yeah, such a pedo lol
we just put a moral label on it
That question would be why is it bad to be raped?
women should be flattered that someone wants to rape them
Are you asking me why it's bad to be a rapist for the rapist or why it's bad for a woman to be raped?
instead of crying
Then she would feel attraction
And it wouldn't be rape if she consented
"What's it like being white in Philly' is seen as click bait
Blargh
filozof you should be flattered to fuck this! https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/63/36/15/63361575b81cefae36dbd6c848539a58.jpg
why wont you like this filozof?
Lonny_Z: that's the only one they could convict him on but he had porn of kids as young as 6
Lonny_Z: so yeah pedo
are you a bitch PPDBot?
yeah you are a bitch
yeah drok
Yeh. I'll check them out. I don't remember ever seeing any ginger gum at the biggest chain one, but there are others to explore!
lol lonny, that's PJ
apperently just not yours
The comment is trying to act like at above 30 you can party with 17 year olds and it's the ones who don't frequent parties like that are the weird ones.
someone type some nonsense characters
$&@@@&&&
not nonsense enough
&$+*^^
thanks kittenkajira! 
wombat is intelligent
Lol
hm...
&$&*^##[<\*,!~*{!]|}~,
guess the bot works drok
!||,}{!~{]*]?~?+<
that might have been nonsense enough
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4100rq/playing_hardtoget_is_not_snake_oil/cyykr8t?context=3
would you say you were HLH kittenkajira 
]|*{!|~^^]^[+~~'chcuvhvvyyv breasts
NO
try something insane
just to double check
2$:$:&:&2^%##}]{{>^]!|*{!~*<'ogllbshhsbwywiciwwvdy$:$;$&&
why am I laughing so hard at that?
uolq  u p  o  no
,>>]~}!{*]]*]|^{]!|^]_*\]~!}???<<<<<]\\|~'blowingisawesome*}}*~{*\!~^~!~
drok++
camille a comment on your post made me think of something further 
i think its alright now
maybe men have a sort of threshold as well 
it should have EOF crashing
now i just need the chains working
and the ping timeouts
like WingN's H is grossed out by submission 
all probably related to the start up
calling it "faggoty" etc 
so he might not do well in a HLH
it only starts up 50% of the time
mbti?
but is perfect for an HHH
ooh
yeh'
yeah
where is our mbti list?
.mbti
.mbti
could be part of part 2
i was toying w/ the idea of submission thresholds but it was already so long
comment in question: "As a woman in an HLH relationship who feels that she and her partner would like something more in the HHH ballpark, a lot of advice to submit more, be sweeter, do more, etc. etc. etc. would (and has) actually make things worse for my relationship" 
she might not be wording it well, she probably means something like WingN has described
.quote
.quote
LOL
ok, so INTJ is the most popular and INFP after that
NOT TRUE DG69
for animals
birds I mean
but wingn's h still wants her deference, he doesnt want her to be in charge, which is why i was having issues w/ the idea of a submission threshold because almost all men want to be in charge
they have a combined ass-hole
cloakas
drok: what about the chains?
.quote
if we just also call it a dominance threshold and they want a higher level of dominance in women, then that could be better maybe?
im thinking out loud i have no idea
they aren't working
.quote add u'\u2019'
like how theres teh spectrum of 1-10 for women as i described in the post, so its not a q of more or less submissive/deferential just more or less dominant/masculinised
.allquotes
.allquotes
I'm not sure dominance is the word 
god damn it
:(
but if they work, we'll have like a #ppd irc simulator?
i should just have the bot kickban anyone who does that
well itd be using the same dominance spectrum that the other 3 letters use
yeah
.quote del drok19
.quote del drok10
yeah 
so wingn's relationship would be HHHH but i also dont like 4 letters now that i look at it
.allquotes
hm
I think it was me again Drok
i think 3 works for the sub but the concept can defintiely be explored more
well it would be more symetrical, throw in a slash
HH/LH
etc
I put a <
in a quote
im pretty sure i just did it
but i have a plan
HL/LH 
might be you and M 
HH/HH might be WingN and H 
I've definitely been there with partners who prefer someone less submissive.
hmm maybe, i think that the idea of dominnace or submission thresholds for men is something id have to research more to see whats already been said in the manosphere
yeah I think a lot of women can identify with that
I had an SO who was outright pissed at the idea of me remotely taking care of him and just deferring all the time. He didn't like the entire idea of RPW, essentially.
i do think men have a dominance threshhold
in the sense
He wanted me to argue, wanted me to be a fighter, etc.
of how much dominance they can tolerate from a woman
id say thats him being low dominance though aZombieKitten 
which for my h is 0
yeh
No, Camille, I disagree.
He was a very high dom partner.
Drok has much knowledge. We shall form a cult around him and build statues to him many stories high!
He wanted more of a sparring partner for a woman, though.
WingN your H does not want you to be in charge, even if you dont conisder yourself submissive
WingN: would your H be happy with sunnie? 
right
there's something to be explored there
no
he has a threshhold in that sense
when i use dominance i am talking about dominance in the relationship though 
i think it woudl be like his stepdad and his mom
he deosnt want to dominate the realtionship
it's not only sunnie who would be unhappy with him
her vaporing drove his stepdad crazy
he woul dbe unhappy with her
exactly
he doesnt want to be the head, give more alpha than beta triats, etc
so that's a threshold of some sort
but i think
more important
He still wanted to be the head. He just didn't want me to be what he would consider a doormat.
but I think dominance is the wrong word for it
is how much he can tolerate
not require
"less faggotty"
right WingN 
king drok
and that goes with dominance
as opposed to "more dominant"
yep 
i was just about to say that WingN 
it ties in with dominance
yeh that is what dominance is for a man
exactly
im think its more likely tho
hed liek a sunnie
but a sunnie would be terrified of him
right
and he wouldnt now how to comfort
and shed get worse and worse
but he wouldn't be able to tolerate a sunnie very harmoniously either
like you said about the stepmom 
vaporing
because he wouldnt know how to comfort 
right
and she wouldnt be able to be her best w/o that
so its a cycel
sunnies h didnt know how to comfort anymore
.quote add 19:13:51 <blowing> Drok has much knowledge. We shall form a cult around him and build statues to him many stories high!
and got worse and worse
i talked about that in the HLL section
.allquotes
as she got worse and worse in reaction
.reload
.allquotes
not sunnie specifically, just the cycle
right
its just an example
oh
i got it
low dominant men accept more dominance in women
even if they prefer less dominant women
my h could tolerate an LL if she didnt rezact to him
lol
but she WOULD
in reality
.reload
so many guys complain about their women walking all over them and being disrespectful etc and they dont do anythign about it
right WingN 
.allquotes
yeah
i think its all encapsulated in themale dominance level
yeah 
the details of that could be for another thing
there is a part 2
this is concentrating onfemale
currently not written at all
.quote add u'\u2019'
but im open to suggestions 
.allquotes
woo
.quote del drok11
oo
one little correction
does it work?
not really kirk and spock
magneto andmystique
lol
more violence inherent in it
oh okay
changing it
i just remembere dyou saying kirk and spock
kirk and spock is more cat/1st mate
yeh
kk
.quote add 12:05 AM <drok> uolq  u p  o  no
.allquotes
.quote del filozof5
excellent
true RPW theory
of its owen
yay!
.quote del filozof5
i believe the two part female dominace thing is novel
ive never heard of it before
the dominance levels thing was discussed by maslow
in all the years ive been reading the manosphere etc
but the two part thing
15:54:11 <dragoness> I'm so confused by why some of these dudes are obsessed with being married to and having sex with someone who is lukewarm about them at best
is really key
i'll put something in that is confusing
it explains so much
witz my h coul ddo well with any woman who listened to him really
are arranged marriages more likely than regular marriages to lead to this?
as in obedient
i would seriously doubt that
first of all, I find your use of a 24hr clock triggering 
he finds all women annoying
he finds me annoying
lol
lol
second, you're saying arranged marriages are less likely to lead to that?
Hahaahahahahahhahaa dragoness
lol?
Lol
jajaja
I could just hear that first of all in such a sassy voice in my head that i lol'ed
lol :D
i'm saying they're about as likely to lead to that
No
lol WingN 
hey Amelia_: )
state your case sern
hello! 
Arranged marriages go in with more realistic expectations than love matches
I don't doubt that
So the arranged guy never had the unrealistic expectation of NRE sex for life.
sup bitches
nre?
Sup
hmm
New relationship energy
i thnk its important to emphasise that dominance, at least for this post, isnt about being confident or argumentative, or assertive itself, its about taking the lead in a relationship (any) and exhibiting the alpha traits 
Also, being a douchebag about the natural ebbs and flows of an LTR kills attraction
right
so if a guy wants to have fun debates that doesnt mean he wants you to be *dominant*
I'd rather not have the expectation that I'm unlike to ever really sexually desire my husband or enjoy the act
i still "argue" with my h about politics and stuff
and philosophy etc
Oh nice, my bad female anatomy makes the quotes
LOLOL
LOL
i dont fight to win for one thing
lol
in a love match, you're much more likely to marry someone you're attracted to
dragoness: i think the lukewarm is later in the marriage when attraction wanes
he considers smashing things to be a valid argument
one against which i have no counterpoint
ll
Attractions develops over time
haha
Ebbs and flows
right
but you gotta keep working on that to keep attraction strong
.reload
or else poof, destruction
try it now
RedManBearPig: right
you might marry someone you're completely incompatible with in an arranged marriage
the idea of having to wait for my husband to grow on me like a fungus is...unsettling 
my attraction comes in like a hurrriiicannne
also a wreckingball
But with an arranged marriage I think they are more realistic
filozof: not necessarily
for example, i might kill myself if i was arranged married to some girls in this chat
Also compatibility is made
lolol
You can become compatible
I'll grow on you all you won't want me to do dragoness
I have the type that grows over time
alright i just got to get these sentences working
Every guy I've ever been attracted to
Was an over time thing
comparability is made? weird notion but okay roll with it
you didn't even like your husband in the beginning
filozof: right
So over time
I because attracted
dad can I add a quote? huh, huh please can I?
I could see that visually he was appealing
4:28 PM <filozof> for example, i might kill myself if i was arranged married to some girls in this chat -- jeez
Like any other man I'd become attracted to
atleast he is being honest
for real
lol
who would make you want to kill yourself the most?
But I didn't have the visceral attraction. That happens over time for me.
i'd rather not say drok 
Yeah answer drok's question
C'mon
me
Fuck killing yourself drok
Kill them
it's gotta be me
I think we're HLH Camille.
haha
6:26:12 <dragoness> I'd rather not have the expectation that I'm unlike to ever really sexually desire my husband or enjoy the act
7:29 PM <RedManBearPig> comparability is made? weird notion but okay roll with it
yeah
huh?
i think we could make it work dragoness 
nobody goes in with that expectation
Yes you can become compatible
aww man
I could never hate myself I am awesome and you guys are wrong!
i'm sure i would grow on you
why cant i ever drive someone to suicide :(
Ok its late
Good night BeyondTheLight
besides you can select an attractive spouse
gn8
I am practically imagining filozofs face growing on dragoness 
i think the obsession with bdsm is a weird attempt to make normal male dominance of
Too tired for this sht good night
thats disturbing 
ok
to feminists
pls go to sleep
the cage it and harness it to the female imperative
idk, I'm just not into waiting for attraction to come along some day
I get that
well for us men it doesn't matter
It's me isn't it filozof 
either she is hot or she isn't
camill ehas written and posted
true RPW theory
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
so arranged marraige works fine
You couldn't handle my bloopy retardedness
since attraction is physical for us
arranged marriage was dead bedroom central
and everyone lives in a fantasy world
well it works fine until she gets fat
But I was talking about whether an arranged marriage would suffer what a love marriage does when it goes luke warm dragoness
th eman had a mistress and the woman had babies
Right.  They rationalize it as being okay since it was their choice, so they can still be a feminist
DG69: you're ugly but there's another woman i'd like even less, as hard as it is to imagine
AtlasB: I understand why you hate wombat
lots o fbabies
I really do
i don't think it was any more dead bedroom than non-arranged marriage
AtlasB: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40xuil/bernie_sanders_not_actually_accused_of_misogyny/cyyh6ch?context=3
now you understand?
She's quite possibly indane
lets turn DG69 into a RPW itll be like an ultimate makeover
both were pretty dead bedroom
I have no idea how her comment relates to mine
she does that all the time
its liek a stick in the gears of my brain
its liek a physical assault
and they cant admit theyre attracted to dominance without it just being a fetish lol 
thats why i react so violently to her
Sms do I get to reset my n count
no but when youre a RPW you get to take the square root of your n count
lol
oh good
then mines only 27
uh
Lolol
or soemthing
lol
Only double digits baby
your n count is 729? D:
haha
mebbe
i dontrememebr a lot
lol
7:33 PM <filozof> DG69: you're ugly but there's another woman i'd like even less, as hard as it is to imagine
Shut your mouth
your vagina must be grand central station!
DG69: is gorgeous !
blowing: you shut yours
Lol thanks blowing
yeh
its fascinating really
rude
4:34 PM <AtlasB> then mines only 27 / uh / or soemthing <--- sigh... what do you need? cube root?
logarithmic functions?
filozof: alpha as fuck
lolol
for atlasb, log base 10. Her count goes down to 3-4
i like this version of filozof 
boom
if a teenager gets laid every weekend
thats 50 a yr
n-count 4 still
subtract for minor LTRs
wouldn't it be 52
even you can't make a dent in a log base 10 function
approximating
its so easy to rack up a count
so 14 years of getting laid every weekend results in 700 n-count
ah
i imagine it's extremely easy to have huge n count as a woman
It is
well yeh
if i was a chick i would try to go for guiness world record
you could bang 10 guys a day
no you wouldnt
N count for women = don't be dead, show up
youd be female
Why
filozof: yeah but i'm willing to bet the top counts still go to alpha behaviour men
like that one who wanted to sleep with 100,000 guys
even if you're dead, you can still rack up an N count
I wonder what the record is
necrophelia
wilt chamberlain or something
You think of sex like a man, you wouldn't think like this as a man
someone did the math on how many miles a vagina can go throw in dick thrusts
iirc he claimed to have a count in the 5 digits
men always do that
one chick slept with 1000 guys in a day
no way filo wtf
thats the world record i think
it is!
annabelle chong?
You think sex = orgasm so yay! But many ONS for women suck
sounds like a porn star publicity stunt
she didn't sleep with them, they gang banged her
IIRC
she had vaginal sex with her
7:39 PM <filozof> one chick slept with 1000 guys in a day
That was actually one of the things I have been thinking as I read more on rpw. I have kinda always been attracted to bdsm, but there was a lot that really was a turn off (the pain, tied up etc) so when I first found rpw, it really clicked for me. 
Ouch
she wasnt sleeping
i think half a minute for one or something
that much i know
she was married too
mother of all cucks
i imagine she probably passedout eventually
and they just used her vagina
does that still count?
yes
The more I tried to fit our relationship into one of the BDSM labels, the more messed up things got.  
Camille,  that post looks so good!
especially if you consenting to it prior
the formatting makes it v easy to read :)
I thought she failed getting the record in the end?
.context
Am I wrong in believing most people don't get over 20n
4:40 PM <SMS> mother of all cucks <-- hahaha
thank you!
np!
I picture them tossing buckets of lube on her like when they try to keep shamu moist during transport.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gang_bang_pornography
The current record is held by Lisa Sparks, who had sex with 919 men on October 16, 2004 in Warsaw, Poland as part of the Third Annual World Gangbang Championship and Eroticon 2004.
i know the length will make peopel not want to read it
You're right Lonny_Z, most people seem to not get far over 10
there's a video of that on pornhub
so i tried to make it visually appealing
good old poland
I think it was broken up enough that it was okay
dragoness i don't see what is wrong with arranged marriage
Lonny_Z: you're not wrong... A poll in the uk says average for women is 7 and average for men is 11
they choose compatible matches for you
although I would potentially put an abstract at the start summarising it 
you decide which ones are physically attractive
Unless they're very hot, very slutty or gay
nope no summaries
blowing, average as in "mean" or average as in median
the only worry is that he might have a micropeen under it all or something
either read the whole thing or dont
I was expecting it to be much longer!  I think the length is just perfect.  
but these days some daring people even go for the test-drive between engagement and marriage
mean for women can't be dfferent than mean for men
if I look at everyone I have ever known, only a minority has gotten over 10
unless we count gays
i cut out some stuff so that i could have it as a cohesive part 1
yeah filozof unless they were lying
shrug! I like abstracts so i know what the article is going to cover
It was self reported
blowing: marry me and i'll teach you math
women tend to underreport and men overreport
a table of contents/index/heading listing would do fine.
So prob
and that minority would be "very hot girls who did a lot of drugs"
Men inflate and women deflate. Most people I know are between 5-9 atm so let's say it's like 8/9
LOL
Just read the finished work Camille and it's fantastic!! You touched on everything so completely without overloading the reader, it's just brilliant!
I imagine if I were Chad and moved in Chad and Betty circles my perception would be most people are over 20n
Thanks Lonny_Z ! It's was like medium level drugs.
I can't wait to read the next part!
thanks practicewhatyou!
is it me or the n count of 10 is small
10 is small in a lot of social circles
depends on the social circle
10 is high for young people
I think your perception might be warped by the hyperbole in reddit filozof 
Not really
I think all my housemates were over 10 
but depending on the circle it is normal
i would say HHL is a bad combination AtlasB 
stats say most people have 4-5 partners by the time they're 35
lol drok
yes
a bad combination of what
are you saying that because its' her name
blowing, men have no reason to understimate on surveys and only a small minority of young men get n>10
4-5 by 25?
35?
i cant even imagien that
a relationship
what do you mean AtlasB? 
AtlasB: you can't imagine the average guy
SerNemesis: yes I'm agreeing with you
oh blowing
7% of women and 9% of men have partner counts over 15
aka sluts and alphas
I knew AtlasB was a one percenter at heart!
I feel like a lot of the shitty merp wives are in a LHL even and they are all bloopy
I'm really annoyed that SP has gone from compsci courses with like 3 compsci girls per class to art classes where in all his classes he's like one of three dudes and the other two are gay
which is why the merp marriages crash
and they're full of slutty art girls
lol blowing
drok right
art girls are pretty slutty
loll
I speak from experience
Lol witzie 
and hotter than compsci girls
Experimental is the word
fml
everyone knows art sci girls are slutty
and hot
witzie: not as hot as you
even we STEMlords knew that
Here come the threesomes witz
At least he's not doing theatre studies witzie, that's like the last days of Rome
DG69++
witzie: and SP couldn't give a fuck
SP
He would never
10 is small for some of my social circles, but it's usually the gay/bi ones. 
SP thinks threesomes are tacky
witzie: hard stem girls can be good looking. they just don't have time
me to
blowing++
i've seen some pretty decent looking hard stem girls
yeah
they just end up looking like slobs and getting acne and shit
I love the dread SP smears on witzie without even trying
there are always a few
because they stop caring
the majors slowly drain away their souls
shhh Lonny_Z 
Lonny_Z++
lol
that is real dread "game" right there
Being hot?
passive dread
be an art major
yeah
and ofc he's the hottest guy in every class 
just my luck
typical female scientist fiat
how is he paying for his education?
and slutty manic art girls with blue hair are so aggressive
SP ooooooft
fml 
Pick an ugly guy and you'll never have to worry
Make him wear a chastity belt with your name witzie 
you mean the only guy in every class?
Well, you get a lot of hippies in art. I knew this one girl who had dreadlocks and shit and she waas pretty scrungy, but in a hot way. There was something sexy about her, and she was flirty as fuck. Those are the type of girls you get with art
unless in bio, medicine or psych
every girl that has been with me had some weird perception of dread that was totally unwarranted
Ew girls with blue hair!
though bio and medicine are debatable
yeah lonny
alot of bitches do that
I guess a girl MUST feel dread or dat knish will stay shut
RedManBearPig: right, because bio/med have better ratios
his parents pay SerNemesis 
why do you ask
growing dreadlocks is ultimate dread
the women might still have to work hard studying, but they can't afford to slack
Jack4ss++
the way hard stem girls normally do
.quote add 7:50 PM <Jack4ss> growing dreadlocks is ultimate dread
normally hard stem girls look around, notice that they have NO FUCKING COMPETITION
cos they so damn ugly
realize they can come to school smelling like shit
lol fiat
7:49 PM <Lonny_Z> every girl that has been with me had some weird perception of dread that was totally unwarranted
without showering
That's bad?
and still get tons of male attention
I actually find them pretty hot on the right girl
I dress prettier now that I'm working and its so much less stressful than school
Christina Aguilera used to have them and it was HOT
I look probably 2 points cuter on average
someone I thought was a GOOD lab partner of mine, seemingly good natured and honorable
ditched me for one of the few female lab partners
lol
whose own lab partner left
because of normal class attrition
no it is good, I'm am just stating one of the few things I learned in RP...a girl MUST feel dread
right fiat
a modicum of dread
I never corrected them
I'm glad biopsych neuropsych has better ratios
Witzie and blowing the girl in my situation has a blue Mohawk!
can't stand that kind of laziness
when they would say things that sounded like dread, because I saw the power of it
learning TRP the hard way
16:49:57 <@witzie> his parents pay SerNemesis 
yeah he is non-prole
getting parents to pay for art major
what convinces wazzup to continue to post on TBP and be downvoted?
7:51 PM <DG69> Witzie and blowing the girl in my situation has a blue Mohawk!
What??
Go to girl chat and tell me what's going on
drok...dude. Idfk
well, he is a masochist 
7:51 PM <DG69> Witzie and blowing the girl in my situation has a blue Mohawk!
oh yeah
FUCKING WHORES WITH THEIR BLUE HAIR AMIRITE DG?
he does like being hung on meathooks
He desperately wants those people to be HIS people
witzie does SP get dreaded by having a gf doing Chem E?
I don't know
lol Camille and her organization, she needs to share some of her attention span
Chem E isn't actually that bad though
of the Hard stem majors chem E has one of the better gender ratios
at least in the USA
I sat there and thought about it for a while before reading onto the different relationship models.
Are tattoos on a woman a negative on SMV?
Follow up question
almost always
depends
What about RMV?
Blue hair = whore
I like tattoos that are nice and well done
same in NL fiat
yeah but I'm in a little college town, where the college is a tech college, and the major employer in the area is my company, where I work in a massive manufacturing plant
so that could be dreadful
and put in sexy places
I don't think he worries though
it depends, but yeah...almost always
Sexy places like ...?
the sphincter
blowing: 
LOL
thigh...back, ...ribcage
hot
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/zn7xbMbA/
on both sides of the sphincter
there are no sexy places
No No & No
wife material
I agree  with Camille - abstracts are fine for long papers - but users have a tendency to be LAZY when it comes to reading material (which is why we often get the same mundane questions that are answered in a hundred places on the sidebar/top posts)
I saw a picture of that tattoo
oh god the imagery
it was horrifying
So tattoos are a hard no
.ping men
it depends
lol
how did you logic that
.nagmales
12:51 AM <fiat> ditched me for one of the few female lab partners> 'male honour', pfft
Users would read the summary and miss all the nuances
jyeh ive seen that
ew
7:56 PM <Lonny_Z> No No & No
im soooo glad i only got one tattoo
tiny bird on your shoulder? ok
^^ Architect
blowing: random change of subject, you should tell eveyrone you knwo that your ex husband had a tiny penis 
that'll serve him right
HAHAHAHAH
lol 1 man doesn't represent men, silly blowing 
tattoos = depends, usually minus RMV plus SMV but it really really depends
giant eagle on your chest? -1 to 3 smv
wait is her ex now
ScarlettBlowHanssen
lol
I'll make flyers like in SATC and post them around his office building
Small dicked Chester
blowing++
Cheater*
i got gilded!!!
nah his name is chester now
Lol
Not ex legally SerNemesis
chester cant satisfy his wife or mistress!
but he is gonna be blowing?
:(
Yes SerNemesis
chester is a bad name 
He's 100% cheating
it really depends. I think people are a lot more open to it now and that actually matters. if it's something that's normalized then no one thinks you're the "wild", "crazy", "dagerous" type
yeah
and won't apologize or anything
:(
cheating dickwad! 
oh my god
a girl i knew had a unicorn tattoo near her ankle to remind her of her dead sister for example
No he won't leave her
hit him where it hurts.  destroy his penis reputation
it was cute and no guy would judge her for that
he won't leave her?
i just have a little celtic knot on my shoulder
it would be different from say a dick tattoo'd pointing to your ass
we were at a world famous tattoo parlor in amsterdam
i had to
i always was going to get more and never did
and now im glad
Whoa Camille!  Congratulations! 
my h only has onbe
why
and hes glad too
I see so many bad tattoos...why would you not spent a good amount on a good artist if you'er going to draw on your body permanently
because ill my old friends are sleeved and tatted up
and they look stupid
and old
filozof: no
http://www.desmoinesregister.com/story/news/politics/2016/01/14/iowa-poll-clinton-slides-leads-sanders-2-points/78738770/
oh my friends had liek tatrtoo convention tattoos works of art
they're in a dead heat in iowa
sanders is pulling away in new hampshire
i think its really hard to get a meaningfully lasting tattoo
blowing: can we honor kill him once you divorce him? :)
humpshire
What if that dick was to remind her of her deaf cousin Richard who worked in  colonoscopy
heh
*dead
Absolutely SerNemesis !
deaf
haha
Stick with deaf cousin
Much funnier
I ask about tattoos bc I have a few
buartha++
I didn't think of that
And I didn't know about the SMP
I see them everywhere though
the thing is, girls who get tattoos are usually hot in a peculiar way that I like
so it all depends
and, an important factor is that the tattoos need negative space
There's no eagles or a Phoenix rising from the ashes
like, I actually think Lena Dunham's tattoos are good
buartha++
poor richard
the girls who get tattoos who turn out horrifically are when they get them badly done, or go too far and start ruining their form, and putting tattoos on primary body organs
negative space, and they are feminine in style
Mine are feminine
but her tattoos don't really add points, they only make her look less momly, which is good...for her
But visible
Yeah they take down my mom factor
and having arm tattoos usually doesn't subtract a lot
unless they have no negative space
I like 1 sleave
if chicks can not go nuts and just leave it at that, it's pretty hot
look at this lovely tattoo: http://www.operatorchan.org/vg/src/142738909427.jpg
SMV/RMV just had to do with supply and demand. gender ratios are usually what matter . if it has to be about tattoos id wonder about local culture and style
another problem, most girls get basic ass tattoos
is that Zoe Quinn? Grooosss
how many girls have them vs how many guys seem to be the type
that like them
do guys get a choice?
that basically scream "I am unoriginal as all fuck"
Mine would be more Lena Dunham hipster style
women will get tattoos if they want
most suck
yes, Zoe Quinn is nuts with that hideous Giger tattoo
I posted a link to your thread in the TRP chat
There's a large population of hipster dudes in their 30s here
Well
there are some men there that are in (or are interested in) LTR's
and thats her being thinner than usual
I'm going to Las Vegas next week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQBgrUObbHw
Fuck it I'm fine!
let's all do it
others just enjoy new ideas
join islam
blowing, send pics of your tats
it's a tough subject because they can vary so much
So I can be judged?
one tattoo can piss off this group while attracting others
if you want blowing
Wow she gained weight since those pics where she was kind of cute
Finally had a moments quiet to read it. It is great and has given me a lot to think about (and read up on!)
THREE MINUTES
My wrist
U HEAR ME
I think anytime women aare getting tattoos, sheer number are their ally. Who cares if a bunch of guys now find you gross? There's like 100 other guys willing to take their place
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/gD8EJnG9/IMG_1297.JPG
My daughters bday
In Roman number aka
Numerals
well
yeah buartha, Zoe, Anita, and Lacy Green have been feeding from the same trough 
cute
what about your sons?
poor boys
lol
y
they get the shank
that is a totally fine tattoo that doesn't subtract at all
fat femmies
aye
blowing: is that month day year, year month day, or day month year?
why did you get "10" instead of "2000"
I didn't mean to imply buartha is getting fat lol
nice work on the gilding, Camille !
12-11-10
i wwas
lol she did it wrong
romans wouldn't do that
hey does dencrypt_ ever talk?
no
lonny be nice
ui think so
I saw him talk once
talking about lohnnyz comment
.kicklurkers
in the morning
ok
I keed blowing
this is Murica
rome has fallen
I sometimes wonder if one of the lurkers is dstoo, drok
collecting logs
im DStoo
AS DO I
haha
maybe
he seems like he has issues holding back being an asshole though
dstoo makes no sense. he keeps criticizing others before being abnormal and needing to get out more but the dude is so weird himself
lol yup
https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2u1bez/so_tonight_i_dumped_my_boyfriend_for_being/
I was going to post my larger tattoo but NEVERMIND ITS PROB WRONG
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
he spends a lot of time spying and writing bots to parse our convos
and store them
for dirt
he is so in denial
he does that to numerous forums
fiat: thats what happens when literally all your friends are lesbians
and whenever you try to argue against 3rd Wavers he goes "ooooh but most feminists aren't like that"
how does he consider that normal
remember when he said he doesnt need to go gym, because he bicep curls shopping bags
thats so weird fiat
(how is that even possible)
lo
lol that gold whoring
troll 8/8
rp killed my LTR!
Poor lesbians. We should make them a support group
how does one man collect so many lesbians
hes like a reverse faghag
hilarious thread
oh lordy that post really sounds like master bait
Are you in Sweden? Call the Kvinnojour in your town. Also, please report his physical abuse to the police, their number is 11414 if it's non-urgent, 112 if it is. They may also be able to help you find shelter. 
haha
he made a post about that SMS
ive seen this post before. I'ts a troll
its sweden
thanks everyone
the headquarters of the matriarchy
and wow PhantomDream what are they saying?
https://www.reddit.com/r/actuallesbians/comments/3esb7j/hi_im_a_lesbro_i_didnt_know_there_was_a_term_for/
it has to be a troll for it to be that country of all places
SMS
swedes are such cucks
how did that get upvoted witzie
I fetishize lesbians"
I find it suspicious that a man as obsessed with PPD as he is, and as obsessed with IRC as he is, has not found a way to lurk here
I have PTSD tbh this is a really damn good troll
this troll is pretty committed too
...nothing
They're talking about scripts or something
if I stayed with him I probably would have been dead by now"
#justredpillthings
This is going to take more thought on my part later.  I can't decide if we're a HLH or HHH.  
oh yeah
that was one of my favorite dstoo threads
so creepy
why are you torn between L and H
https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/3x9b71/redditor_offers_excellent_insight_into_the_you/cy31tb0
"Never assume anything disappears from the internet. There are pack-rats everywhere. I still have a decade or so of IRC logs. Gzipped they take up almost no space. You never know who is going to become famous."  - Dstoo
why dstoo? why??
i need to save these
hahaha
https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2u1bez/so_tonight_i_dumped_my_boyfriend_for_being/co4bnwy
yeah you should screenshot that
in case he deletes it
mangina supreme
virtue signaling too
do you normally try to take the lead in your everyday life kittenkajira? At work, with friends, in school - are you trying to get everyone in line and to follow your direction?
yes witzie that is exactly what I'm talking about. that message worries even me. how does he keep a straight face while telling us we're the abnormal ones
he must have gotten bullied by GLO types
Do you go a bit nutty if you are NOT the one in charge?
right fiat??
he's clearly obsessed, too 
made an entire subreddit devoted to obsessing over GLO
I think that's something that always stands out to me with dominant personalities - they cannot stand having to follow someone else, and relinquish control
creepy
they need to be the one leading the charge
because they don't trust anyone else to do it right
he's a purdue alumnus
from going through his history to find that
lets see what else we can sleuth 
'The red pill takes misogyny to a level that no one with two brain cells to rub together would take as anything other than a training ground for willful sociopaths.'
he made a thread about me
lol
is that how you spell sleuth?
https://www.reddit.com/r/wolflionbear/comments/3t2z2j/lesbian_facts_with_drok007/
his jimmys are so rustled
isn't it slooth?
I think it's sleuth 
https://www.google.com/search?q=sleuth+definition&oq=sleuth+definition&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.1919j1j7&sourceid=chrome&es_sm=93&ie=UTF-8
The lesbian thread made me cringe so much. I've only met once girl who fetishized gay guys and it creeped me out big time, it must be like 1000 times worse for lesbians
witzie'sVocabulary++
ok read this and tell me why we shouldn't think he'll try to creep on our irc
https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/3x7ck3/some_antigg_think_that_polite_gamergaters_dont/cy2b5uc
he admits to having multiple accounts with one to use as cover for ircs
"Hell I'm in Ghazi and SRS's IRC channel and TheRedPill's and NiceGuy's and ForeverAlone's and KIA's. Different VPSs and VPNs. Different IRC names. Different hours. Different phrasings. (Que the witch hunts)"
yeah
ihope he dies
scum
if i am ever famous, i will just hire a hitman to kill dstoo
he's probably reading that FirionDarklight 
yeah
good
or just trying to get in our heads
die
can we get a gofundme going?
we never even banned him
he just left
why wait for drok to get rich?
Why would you even bother using different vpns
I use one but it's the same for everything
LOL witzie
"dunno man sounds like a lot of effort and not worth it"
You'll never find him drok 
lol fiat
He uses different vpns
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/oXNz1jSL
who is arewar does he ever talk?
yes
did someone hear something?
*chirp*
I thought I heard someone talk
drok, I never got DStoo's intent in denying that dykes exist
yeah
clearly, all his rugby bitches HAVE to be dykes
he was just being retarded
PhantomDream: I really only take the lead if there are incompetent people, and it's something I know a lot about.  I tend to take the lead in relationships if the other partner is incompetent.
I do admire (in some way) that he so damned open about the fact that he actively doxxes people
is dstoo architect?
and enjoys it
yes
he had to take everything i said out of context
looks like he has history in michigan too
Do you have a problem FirionDarklight? 
but posted that meetup for chatnooga
well it is a spectrum
i think he lives in georgia now
nah.die
everyone can doxx me if they wish
yeeeeeeeeehaw
id be honored
and goes to that rugby tourney in tennessee
1-5.4 = low, 5.5-10 is high, maybe youre somewhere in the 5s
georgia is my home
gonna go rustle us up some jimmies
I've also had trouble with authority figures in jobs - if I don't respect them, then all bets are off.
down yonder
whats your address Jack4ss 
I never sent your christmas card
maybe a 6 then :)
https://www.reddit.com/r/Purdue/comments/26bkfn/purdue_alumni_association_this_is_not_ok_and/
birchwood house, greenwood road, kent br87qr
he went to purdue tho
is that real Jack4ss I'll send you a christmas card if it is
dont make me waste postage tho
i dont accept christmas cards when it isnt christmas, its against my faith
you'll accept mine
or Ill punch you
why does everyones twitter make me sick?
I am really a misanthrope
but i accept gift cards, cheques, coupons, bitcoins, love messages etc
I'll send you a coupon
I get one on my kroger receipt always
u know
he played purdue rugby graduated 05 with a degree in ME
my old flatmate who was a hippy entitled bitch, who was good looking, once went onto reddit and asked for free pizza
in that sub
Probably.  I do have my dominant moments, as J says, but for the most part am low dominance.  
you know theres a sub dedicated to giving out free pizza if you ask? if you are poor
she wasnt poor, she just made shitty decisions
In  fairness to him on the dyke thing, a lot of lesbians get that one thrown at them as a slur regardless of masculinity and don't like straight people using the term at all, so if he's avoiding the term from that angle I get why
im gna try find it
I'm gonna send you soooo many death threats Jack4ss <3
at least you talk to me now
awwww
<3 <3
jack I cant find your address on google maps
so I dont know if I can send a card or not
"card"
its ok witzie
save your coupons
Aww Jack4ss I'll send you all the creepy post messages you want
do you want a card Architect ?
next year, we will do it properly witzie
I'll send a christmas card + Kroger coupons to whoever gives me their address
i promise
I feel like this is a troll
to get people's addresses
also, we don't have kroger
shhh
lmao
lol we dont have kroger in uk
gotdamn you ungrateful complainers
someone gives you coupons
ill frame the coupon
and you whine whine whine
hi Never_Evil!
LMAO
it means more to me than the value of the coupon
i just wrote to you on reddit lol 
Hii Camille! 
Jack4ss++
im not whining
Jack4ss: is a good friend
*cough*
brown nose
Architect: is a poop friend
lol, thanks! gonna read it, brb :p
*cough*
thats racist
who has a cold
go take cough drops
I have some Halls actually
anyone want some?
I'm a generous guy
hall no
have some lozenges 
no one says lozenges
I like lozenges but not halls
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/40zwkk/if_youre_a_beta_your_needs_knowledge_and/
I didn't learn what they were until I wa slike 19
the kind of person who says sleuth does Architect  
remember that pick up story of that guy giving the guy skittles to remember him by
I say sleuth
what the fuck did I just read
girl*
I just figured it was "slooth"
lol
I mean, his premise is mostly correct I'd say
OP?
I mean reading that sentence
isn't entirely wrong
but read the thing
his title may very well be correct but what followed was...
LOL
so long
it was weird 
oouu, yes, that really helped - thank yoou! You'll get a second thanks in my reply 
well
it sounds like his sister is a piece of shit
If Im to believe him that is
everyone in that family is a piece of shit
youre welcome 
but that had nothing to do with TRP or theory or...anything really
Well, I'd say his premise is flawed. It's not about being beta
yeah
it's that he is inherently not being respected
because his family are derps
https://www.reddit.com/r/irc/comments/ufipj/hey_guys_i_created_two_chat_bots_talking_to_each/
hahahaha
look at the convos
http://pastebin.com/ZvZYLjtc
they sound like white trash but he says he's hispanic so..
http://pastebin.com/q9408yV8
that makes a lot of sense actually
i can see hispanic women acting like that for a mother and a sister easily
lol witzie
I can't tbh
Hispanic moms tend to dote on their sons. all of them
so how are you Never_Evil 
and how is everyone else who is on?
https://www.reddit.com/r/irc/comments/2y0rvh/why_are_people_on_irc_so_angry/
DONT WE ALL WANT TO KNOW
I'm doing well, typing up a report for work - hbu? 
i'm okay Camille! somehow the weather went from 108 degrees the day before yesterday, to about 50 degrees today
Doing pretty good. Excited that we have a potential buyer for my husband's motorcycle. 
i wish i hadn't put all my winter gear away
ooh nice pixiedelights 
hispanic people, to me, tend to treat their children like lovers, or like accessories
is he getting a new one?
Na. He decided he would not ride it anymore when I became pregnant
aw, good for him
if huscat decided something similar, I would be okay with that
I just got a parcel for a small cable and it came in a big ass box
wtf
but he's a very safe rider so i just have to trust :)
you americans are your wastefullness
It was sweet, but he really misses it, so we have kept it for several years because I thought he might change his mind. He hasn't and so we finally took moves to sale it and claim some garage space. 
sounds reasonable
494 active calories today
yay
im still too sedentary
I am sure once little bit is grown he will want another one and that will be fine. 
omg i love my vivo
His sister sounds like a headcase, but as for his ma people's parents often don't unconditionally support any child who deviates from the dynamic they want regardless of their gender. My still-living relatives don't support me for a variety of reasons, but they treat my female cousin with exactly the same, if not more, contempt. Not to mention that from the
sound of things he's still living at home despite the fact he's over 18 and his mother has 0 obligation towards him anymore, which sounds pretty damn supportive to me if she's not beating him or abusing him at the same time.
as in you've consumed that or you've burnt it above your BMR, WingN ?
burned above bmr
cool
Lol parcel
WingN++
you're gay in ireland though aren't you?
isn't that like, a nono
i am finding this vivo very motivating
i need a stairstepper or a stationary bike
i could work out twice a day
London
New York
its crazy that his mom favors the gay son
who's mom
his issue seems to be that his family just doesnt like him very much
the guy in the post I linked
Am originally northern irish though blowing only moved for uni. Irish people from non rural environments are usually tolerant enough these days anyway
yeah thatd be great!
hasn't ireland become pretty progressive recently
they even legalized gay marriage through a referendum
it passed by a landslide
only abortion laws are still pretty conservative
Aye filozof. Was 60/40 population wise iirc, it was only a landslide in terms of county wide results
It's a big spilt between rural/ urban
And where I'm from (northern Ireland) Gary marriage is still not legal
*gay
Poor Gary
No marriage for him
think of the children 
Civil unions are though
Get a recumbent bike.
letting gary get married would be so scarring 
i am thinking of getting a super cheap stationary bike
and such a slippery slope
I don't think you burn as many calories, but your ass and hooha will thank you
stand firm against gary marriage
hehe
srsly
I used to do a 20 min cool down on the bike after lifting.
Best typo.
hahaha
And I wouldn't be able to feel my crotch for like an hour afterward
And my ass bones always felt bruised
'It's Adam and Eve, not Gary and Steve'
http://www.kmart.com.au/product/round-glass-canister/807971 sorry to topic jump, but has anyone used this sort of canister? With a wooden top with a rubber seal?
"It's Adam and Eve, not Gary and Eve"
i'd worry that the seal might not be sturdy enough, hm
If people can marry Gary next thing you know they'll be marrying goats
lolol
gary marriage
damn gary
ruining the sanctity of marriage
ted cruz looking hot 
looks like he might cruz to the nomination 
noooooo
Lol
http://cbsnews2.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2015/03/26/ac8d33a2-c678-41bf-a9da-47482f36ef6d/thumbnail/620x350/9e321fc2219ec314604c46dd32128424/467343708.jpg
ewwwwww
oh god i hate him
i think i share your sentiment
AtlasB: do you make all your voting decisions off of looks?
not at all but looks matter
your character is in your face
its not handsomeness
trump isnt handsome
by the way, the fact that trump has such high poll results cheers me up
it shows you can be ugly and still be popular
trump is ugly as fuck
how you carry yourself matters if you're going to be a president
trump is uglier than cruz
nooooo
nothing is uglier than cruz
yep
trump is
nothign on earth
obviously I like trump better
now i want AtlasB to rate the character of the people in this chat
but I would fuck cruz first
if I had to
not me
moms head on dads hips
there is almost no male on earth more revolting looking than trump
I'd actually love to see AtlasB break down what she thinks of everyone
O'Malley ftw though witzie no?
im blinded by my love for you all
I havent seen him SerNemesis 
omalley is a disgusting beta
horrifying face
weak
Everyone agrees he is a dilf
blehhhhhh
yeah I dont think I want to hear AtlasB to describe me lol
mitt romneyy
was th emost beautiful man to ever run for president
in us history
5 beautiful sons
lol
Yeah I'd rather not hear atlasb describe me
each more beautiful than the next
http://www.trbimg.com/img-54737c6a/turbine/bs-md-omalley-death-row-dialogue-20141124
he's pretyt bad
http://hillary4president.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Martin-OMalley.jpg
but light years ahead of all the other politicians
yeh
but bleurgh
weak
mitt romney is ugly too
We need a trudeau
sewrn you know i think you have a strong jaw and good head shape
I'd even encourage my daughters to race traitor for a trudeau
youn gmitt romney  http://www.solarpowerworldonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Romney.jpg
Right atlasb
i'd like to hear atlasb describe me
lol o malley
romney was fine
look at that head
block
perfect ratios
But you will always mention only the good traits for us
marco rubio looks pretty youthful
Since you like us
bleh rubio
no gravitas
I would fuck hillary ahead of trump. And I'm not even biasing this with my politics, he literally looks like the sort of monster who would lurk in someone's closet to me. I totally agree that Romney was smoking hot for his age though
romney is just a good looking man
so presidential looking
i almost voted for him based on that alone
https://reelchangedotnet.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/mitt-romney-241055-4-402.jpg
i will never forgive this country
just batshit paranoid and into magic underwear
hello daddy <3 <3
rofl rofl
hillary is revolting looking too
why are all politicians so ugly
stress from the job
You could just gag him and not have to hear about the magic underwear meeb 
http://jtf.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/hillary-clinton-laughing.jpg
witch
pretty people usually have easier lives
"politics is show business for ugly people"
and thus don't see hte need to fight for change
cuz they are already satisfied
when i wa syougn and heard al lthe women say clinton was good looking
he was too old
and i couldnt see it
when i look at pics now
from then i can see it
i will say this
as a DC resident
arcxh i told you what i thought th eother day
in picswap
who worked on the hill: the dems' mens all look like bitches
you jus tneed to lose weight shave your head and grow a goatee
the real men are in hte GOP
you have an AWESOME personality
almost always
and youre fine
id fix you up
your personality on skype was killing me
ssugar mommy
i havent heard archs personality
I told you AtlasB 
isn't it the best?
yes
his entj comes out socially
enfj cognition
being overweight distorts anyone
im overwieght right now and relaly distorted
cruz looks like he would have a fine jaw if he was a little thinner
Oh, people are talking about me. I wasn't pinged
lol, thank you AtlasB+  witzie 
I've something similar at my aunt's house - she uses it to store almonds tho, which doesn't necessarily have to be airtight
being overweight is disgusting
i dont get how people can defend that
mmore than that it feels bad
to b e it
i feel physically bad when im fat
ive struggle with it my whol elife
no WAY it doesnt feel HORRIBLE to be 300 lb
I used to think that way filozof but it looks like it is a lot more difficult to deal with than I used to think 
Could I please check with you ladies that I'm making the right choice with something please?
even when people diet, they usually end up back at the same weight 
i always wondered what that was like
but you can't ask someone that
like just thinking it is offensive
The people I've talked to about it in my life think I'm making a bad decision 
it's a resilient interaction between some genetic thing and the abundance of low satiation high calorie foods, I think 
the satiation thing is key, it is almost impossible to resist the urge to satiate 
Frensel, honestly, that weight regain comes from people not keeping up with maintenance.
They think for some reason they don't have to continue to count calories to maintain and can eat as they used to.
aZombieKitten: clearly, but there's a reason they consistently fail to maintain 
There's some disconnect that the food is the reason they gained weight in the first place.
I think the counting calories thing is shite 
I think it's partially will depletion.
What do you mean it's shite? CICO is a thing.
IMO the solution is 1) eating high satiation, that is high fat and protein foods, and 2) making aerobic exercise an integral part of the day 
And? Too many calories is the sole reason for weight gain.
I think it is a bad effort/result tradeoff 
counting calories 
I'd like to hear it-- although I'm such a newbie I don't know if I have any useful advice to offer. :) 
i think counting calories works
You still have to keep up with how much you're eating regardless.
Me as well. 
Sure, satiation plays a part in keeping up your willpower.
ever since i started, i can lose weight much easier
And sure, exercise is integral to helping make it easier by changing one's TDEE.
Back last year when I was with my boyfriend (we've split since then) I booked us a holiday away to Asia for his birthday - it was supposed to be a big surprise sort of thing as he's a major foodie. When we broke up I cancelled the accommodation, restaurant bookings and flights ...
trump going hard in the paint 
However the direct debit kept coming out of my account for the flights and so the flight provider never cancelled them and now they're completely paid off
"You still have to keep up with how much you're eating" I think this sort of thing is hard to maintain 
that's frustrating!
What do you mean that's hard to maintain?
It takes 5 minutes out of your day to log your meals.
My Ex found out about this through a mutual friend and said he'll come with me like I originally planned and pay for all the accommodation 
noooooooooooooooooo
And you don't really even need to count. You just need to adjust based on whether or not you gain weight back or if you're continuing to lose past where you want.
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Somehow disregarding the fact he now has a new girlfriend 
oh no!
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Mmmm... yeah no.
nope
how is this a question?
I was gonna ask how/why you split.
I've straight up said no - totally inappropriate 
doesn't matter though!
But if he has a gf, nopenopenope.
omg cruz! 
cruz lol
But everyone in my life thinks I'mmaking a studpid decision throwing all this money away 
he did pretty good
can't you take a friend?
Or family member?
can you change the name on the second ticket? 
Take a friend or see what they can do about a reimbursement.
 <Frensel> IMO the solution is 1) eating high satiation, that is high fat and protein foods, and 2) making aerobic exercise an integral part of the day 
The ticket is in his name and I can't change it without thousands of dollars worth of fees 
do you have a new boyfriend practicewhatyou ?
or are you single
this confuses me
because i keep hearing "cardio" is no good
Even if he didn't have a gf, who wants to go on vacation with their ex?
i do very heavy cardio
 Either you kind of want to get back with him, in which case it's rubbing salt in the wound, or you don't, in which case it's a weeklong reminder of all the reasons you aren't dating.
if he doesn't go would you go alone? 
Single, Witzie - effectively monk moding it for a bit :)
People argue on what the best exercise is.
who says cardio isn't good? 
where in asia is the ticket to? 
and when i lift my weight loss completely stalls
and i get demotivated
could you go alone and count his tickets as a loss? 
cardio might be no good because it makes you hungry
It depends on whether you want pure loss or body recomp.
Bali, Singapore and Thailand 
loss
1st
I really wouldn't feel comfortable going there by myself :/ 
the recomb
i would just go alone or see if you could find a friend willing to buy a ticket 
later
Weights help for recomp.
"throwing the money away"-- sunk cost fallacy!
yeah
or let him buy the ticket off you and go on holidays separately
if i get to X weight ill add weights
go alone or find a friend somehow 
depending on where you are tickets to asia are super cheap if you get lucky 
cardio is awesome
Weights do boost the TDEE a lot more, though, which is why a lot of people prefer it.
but you lose your booty :(
if you do it too mcuh
that's why doing cardio and lifting is nice
I think a balance is key, honestly.
i dotn have a booty to lose
you ain't got nothing back there?
I'm trying to talk a friend into coming with me - even if the dates she flys are slightly different from mine
flat 
dang
Do both aerobic and anaerobic. Get the best of both worlds.
Been there, AtlasB. :c
i can't even imagine
No booty life.
what do yall sit on?
BONES.
is it all bone?
:O
Jk
i do moderately high impact step aerobics
HiiT
The money is spent whether you go on a trip or not.  It's exactly the same as if you'd had the money stolen or lost it or something, then won a free trip with your ex.
There is just very mild cushioning.
yes, sounds great
I thought it would come across as a bit of a red flag - even if we did our own thing, flying together to asia for 3 weeks 
and kick boxing
HiiT is good i thought!
for sure
HiiT is better cardio than sustained.
or better than cardio. 
travelling together is fairly intimate
so how can you be fat if you do that often?
yeah definitely dont go with the ex 
Overeating, Sunhappy.
That's what I thought softlylightens and Amelia 
I know Atlas's vice is candy.
true
One piece can take the place of an entire workout.
is it really? i thought she liked fried chicken lol
but like
once a day
candyt
thats my vice
you can have candy and be within your TDEE
I think I just needed somebody to validate that I was making the right decision by telling him no 
i havent eaten candy in 2 weeks
no i cant
not the way i eat candy
like i like having one caramel
Not someone who has an addiction to it.
as a sweet :3
lol 1
hmm
I can't have one caramel 
if i could eat one i wouldnt be fat
jesus 
you are! 
Everyone has that one food that they just shovel in their face.
i usually have tea with honey and that's my "candy" for the day
im going to have 1 tiny dose of heroin
lol
For me, it's cinnamon rolls. 
or if i feel like indulging, i include it within my TDEE and i don't go over
I could eat a billion cinnamon rolls without thinking about it.
i love butter
Thank you ladies! You really are godsends! 
on rolls, on chicken, on veggies
just in small portions
Cheese is my other vice.
AtlasB: do you have just bags of candy sitting around?
no
maybe throw it out? that's what i did when i was dieting
i buy russel stover
Candy, I can portion. Cheese, I'm just like "GIVE ME ALL OF IT."
and whitman sampler
and reeses eggs
I become Ron Swanson with cheese.
Oooo the chocolates
yeh
i like having the nouget?
i even have some reeses eggs here for my h and didnt eat them
they have them in the front office
jeb: ooh I was mentioned I can pretend I was relevant 
i hope you make it there somehow! (without the ex lol) 
lol 
i'ts gonna be trump/rubio or cruz
for sure!
Is travel itself a red flag if you're a woman? I can understand it being alright if you're going with your bf/hubby, but with friends or family? 
someone wrote a great post on that, hang on
what are you watching right now?
is there a debatE?
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/3o86xe/the_travelwidow_or_why_travel_for_the_single/
is kasich still there?
http://www.foxbusiness.com/live-coverage/fox-business-network-gop-debates
oh right, i think i saw something for a debate watch party (only in dc)
i hope kasich isn't there
i hate him
( WingN 's article)
pussy ass fag
hes talking now
no, nvm, wing's link, tempest's article
i thought it ended at 9
Sorry - I should probably read more of RP before I start asking these questions; thank you though - I'll pour over that now :) 
began at 9
it started a t9
oh
pore* ;)
the main debate
lol
cuz there's still like 15 people running
(sorry)
i have 41 lapis and 3 emeralds
will i make it home alive
i think it can be a red flag but i disagree with some of the reasons in that post
i think ill stay here
lol
where are you?
girl is that minecraft?
in minecraft
lawd
you don't think loads of women travel for cheap thrills and selfies and the freedom of being able to hook up with whomever and have no one know?
lol
"is hilary clinton an enabler of sexual misconduct?"
damn
I feel you on the cheese aZombieKitten. When I went vegan I dropped down to 95lb from 120 at first because I didn't substitute my cheese with other calories, haha
it's not saying that everyone who goes travelling solo is a slut, obvs
just that some of the things that cause people to go travelling solo are red flags
im sure loads do! ive traveled a lot and ive met lots of girls like that 
why were you a vegan?
I'm still vegan filozof 
buartha the hell? 95 lbs???
how tall are you?
4'11?
true.
Buartha, that's my current goal, too. :o
5'5, I am v short for a man, haha
(i want to travel more! argh!)
but i remember either the post or a comment saying that travel  is bad because then ordinary things like laundry seem boring 
and i think that's sort of a sad mentality to have 
god i'd have a thigh gap at 95 lbs
yeah, i see what you mean.
throw a baseball through it
thigh gaps are nice
but at the same time, i know lots of people who are contantly seeking their next trip because that's the only thing that they enjoy in life
how was carson's response relevant to  what he was asked/
ideally, i'd be 115
filozof: it wasn't
and so they never make a home and a life where they are, because they're too focused on the next adventure
god i hate politicians
if he personalizes that comment to clinton, they will call him a sexist tomorrow
that's an okay way to live, maybe, but not a great start to a stable marriage/life together
no point
95 is about ideal for me.
trump is the worst at this
yes, but i think that's probably a character flaw - if it wasnt travel, itd be some other thrill they'd be chasing instead 
true
trump doesn't have to be PC
Tbh I was pretty unhealthy at that weight so I wouldn't recommend it for someone around my height, haha. 
he's winning anyway
i meant trump is the worst at giving irrelevant answers
I think it depends on the person, probably.
like carson did just before
95 sounds crazy, at 120 now and this feels good
he doesn't have to give relevant answers!
Someone travel obsessed, you definitely might not want to wife.
he's gonna win :O
though I think I should lose a few pounds or gain some muscle or both 
he's gonna make america great again
that's all anyone gives a fuck about
Well, I'm 4'11, at least, so 95lbs is normal as hell for me.
less brown folk, more jobs, guns/God/glory to America again!
buartha: 95 wtf that was my weight when i was a kid
guys you have to tell us how much you life in units of aZombieKitten
when I was a 110 I think it wasn't enough 
*lift
i lost 2 lbs this week
super happy
I am feeling very validated in my travel-hating life choices. :) 
LOL
I can deadlift almost 2 of me. :D
jsut need to break 120 to see some progress
haha! i have traveled a lot and love it so im partially biased :) 
i can deadlift......
50 lbs :O
haha
yeah, me too
but always fairly sensibly imo
and no foreign hookups
i tried 50 lbs again last september, pulled my back :(
yeah ive never hooked up with anyone 
(to be fair though, last solo trip i did was five years ago and i basically just cried my way across europe)
deadlifts seem like a ridiculous exercise
oh no why did you cry? 
softlylightens, same here. I am just too much of a homebody. 
Deadlifts are insane, but I love them.
Amelia_, just broken up with a bf
AtlasB: did you hear that ann coulter said that Gov Haley should be deported?
so i moped around scenicly for a while
Mainly just love freaking out other people when they see me grab the 180 off the rack.
then came home and met huscat :)
no lolol
for what
I quite like the way look at this weight (around 115.) I have a bit of a chubby face so above that I start to look a bit iffy. When you're very light it does feel nice though, at least before fatigue kicks in, haha
her counter-speech presumably 
Awwwww. :) 
well im glad there's a happy ending! 
Thank you Cakeforallofyou - improvement all day every day!
gov haley said something about fuck it
i have to find the link
yeah, worked out pretty well for me!
practicewhatyou, no problem, sorry for being pedantic
http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/ann-coulter-deport-nikki-haley
my poor best friend and i caught up yesterday, the poor love got herself into a terrible romantic situation
she started seeing her phd advisor (bad idea) who was married but in an open relationship (bad idea) and then had to keep it secret from his wife because apparently it's not as open as they said (bad idea) then decided to be "friends" when the wife found out (terrible idea)
and now she's just crying all the time because he won't leave his (pregnant) wife (like he always said he would never do) for her
"Nikki Haley: "No one who is willing to work hard should ever be turned away." That's the definition of open borders."
ewww
i'm just like... yeah.
Cakeforallyou please don't apologise - now I can fix it!
she's usually very level headed
but yeah.
apparently this one just went out of control
"No one who is willing to work hard should ever be turned away" lol that would be interesting 
i didn't even know about it until after it'd ended
D: cakeforallofyou
i know
i'm just comforting her at the moment, but we will have some serious discussions about relationships in the future
Oh gosh ... the poor girl. She disregarded the warnings, but still - she must be devastated 
yeah, she's absolutely devo.
she's lost maybe 10kg, so she looks consumptive
when i saw her after a few months not seeing her, i was shocked
i did tell her a bit about RPW (in the context of discussing eyebrows, and Camille 's great advice about mine!)
I have a friend who's poly (not for me, but I don't judge), and she is *very* firm about getting coffee with potential boyfriends' wives before anything happens. 
rubio is cocky "when i am president" lol
that's what everyone says
rand paul is out?
He's just being alpha
Too many cheaters who think they can claim they're in an open relationship. 
i do not understand poly 
buartha: i do love feeling lithe and small
idk about you but i like how feminine it makes me feel
sounds like a good policy, softlylightens !
lol chris christie
the wife has her own affairs, but apparently he hadn't had any until tash (my bff)
and his wife realised that she wasn't okay with it :/
What a surprise ...
yeah.
i like being a bit smaller because it means not fat, more efficient
but i guess now i want muscle
apparently HE only agreed to open the marriage under an ultimatum
so you know. and now they're pregnat
pregnant
bandaid baby.
ultimatum? 
whos sms
we open the marriage or we divorce.
sexy
that sounds healthy :P
cruz' face :(
every new thing she tells me about this guy makes me go "argh"
he just looks like his face is gonna fall off
I dunno guys I think if he was low body fat his face would look good
and now it just looks meh 
i cant imagine wanting to be with anyone else other than my SO 
i legit can't watch this
this is the best one
by far
ok maybe not by far that first trump one was a contender
yeah.
apparently there was some sexual incompatibility
so much try hard
rubio is hte most well rehearsed
which is one reason i'm a fan of sex before marriage
and trump doens't give a fuck
they're the only two that really seem like they believe they can win
ooh yeah, thats not good 
yeah.
 I keep having to mute it
having similar libidos is so important 
i love her and i will listen to her gently.
yeah, for sure
we have a slight mismatch but it's mostly a non-issue because we talk about it a lot
trump is trying to go angry vs cruz 
I think he's best when someone attacks him and then he retorts, when it is unilateral he seems churlish 
We have a slight mismatch, but fortunately I don't mind having sex when I'm not into it as long as I can stare at the ceiling and starfish, and my husband doesn't mind me doing that sometimes. :P 
why...don't you try to be a bit more enthusiastic?
even if he says he doesn't mind, it seems like it would be much better to make an effort to make him feel like you're into it?
I mean, that doesn't happen very *often*, he only wants sex a little more than I do. 
okay but like...I make the effort. Similar situation. But I make damn sure not to starfish because that's yuck
Never_Evil: Didn't see you come in! Are you new to RPW?
In the past when I've done that I've gotten resentful about having to be active when I'm not really into it.
And feeling resentful is a total libido killer. 
jesus fucking christ
A Johns Hopkins University study that examined influenza A virus replication in nasal cells suggests that due to a lack of estrogen, males may suffer from sicknesses more than females.
http://abc7.com/health/study-finds-man-flu-may-be-real-because-of-lack-of-estrogen/1159579/
Oh, I saw the man flu study.
It has quite the small sample for men, though.
is it a "having" to be active or a "wanting to make your partner feel loved"?
do you at least make noises or something? i think a small amount of effort goes a long awy 
Starfishing isn't a good thing. :/
idk why it has to be called man flu
I do make noises and stuff! And sometimes I get turned on part of the way through and become much more enthusiastic. :) 
good to know!
I thought it was broadly known that women have superior immunity 
okay, i need to focus. have a great day/night ladies, you're wonderful and i very much appreciate this place to chat :)
But probably I should put in more of an effort.
men want to be desired too! 
sigh! i shant see my darling until saturday
camille, thank you for your write up, it was very interesting and so well-written.
http://komonews.com/news/offbeat/woman-knits-life-size-version-of-teen-sons-for-cuddling
what the fuck
"The self-confessed "smother mother" spent two months knitting the replica."
LOL
for days
how do you then like...tell people about it
as if its the most natural totally not uncomfortable thing in the world
Jaysus dragoness 
Her poor sons
Can you imagine  explaining that in school?
for real, lol
eh, i've heard of worse
and then on top of everything the damn thing is ugly
her sons helped her with the design, buartha
If this debate were a drinking game "9/11" would have me lit within minutes 
they Are just as guilty as her
they had no choice!!
I wonder is she's still with the father
same
I think she's adorable but that sort of thing might make me challenge my own sons to a duel
Oedipus ain't winning this time
lol
Never_Evil?
why do i watch worldstar hip hop?
why do i do this to myself
you know why
'we need to lead a force, a sunni led force...' kek
I suppose if she is a 'smother mother' the doll is probably a good distraction
this dude stepped on another man's Js
so he was like "dawg, wipe my shoes off! "
other guy was like "nah"
so
lOl
homeboy clocked this man out
cold
guy is on the floor, not moving
i mean one hit to the face
https://www.facebook.com/getinthesea/posts/10156633063980105
lololol
ah bless
half of the black on black crime rates
come from these videos killing me from laughter/shame
Isn't it weird to cuddle with your kids past a certain age anyway? D:
no
its just weird that she felt the need to knit a tween sized version
depends how you do it
its very weird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kuCkMUSyZg
AtlasB: 
see this
women are sick in the head
lol
looking
oh my fucking god
wtf is that
lol
thats a mentally ill woman
looooooooooool that video
ughhh
I'm cringing so hard ugh
so she's not married?
lol
witzie bobdylan said it best
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/5x2tsrft/
in his best song besaide masters of war imo
oh man #gamergaters are tearing into the pedophilia apologism and ephebo  pedo of the left
hey!
no
.context
this is a no "hey" zone
#Triggered
HEY GURL HEY
i just got banned from AgainstMensRights
lol
how'd you get banned
I provided statistics that disproved a moderator's argument
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/40y6n6/what_fetish_did_you_try_that_went_horribly_wrong/cyyg8hg
so this is whats getting people off these days, hmm?
wtf
ove rwhat sms
who the fuck is like "yeah, I'm going to put some fucking ginger root in my ass"
that's a retarded idea
morons
theyre getting more radical anti-authoritarian AtlasB 
and
that doesn't even sound arousing. why would that seem like...you know what, never mind
isnt that figging?
it is
and who actually tries it
and I know it's an actual thing
but it still sounds retarded
that you even know...
id rather get whipmarks on my back then take a fig in the ass
well, in the link, they LOST it up there
I dont know why I'm surprised mads ;p
lol
why is getting off more intensley or weirdly so importsant
idk
my orgasms have always been sufficient
atlas say something biting about millennials so I'll feel better
lo
I'm ok with experimenting, but I draw the line at "things that may send me to an embarrassing trip to the ER at a weird time of night"
right
right  lol
can you imagine?
there was news about a mexican girl in america who's mom told her a potato is ok birth control, so she shoved a potato in her vagina and it began to grow inside her
had to be removed by a doctor
id just die at home
ughghghhh
is that for real, architect? why didn't she just fish it out?
no i refuse to believe that is real Architect
the ph would murder plants
lol
its acidi
c
nice story, Architect 
http://www.inquisitr.com/1520224/potato-birth-control-device/
plants like it a little basic
lol
dammit
yup
I refuse to believe that a girl is too dumb to get it out hserself
well
AtlasB: why is getting off more intensley or weirdly so importsant <- cause it feels good?
it began growing roots inside her
I was trying to encourage everyone to agree it was real before someone went and posted proof :(
it wasn't that easy anymore
if i just have shitty orgasms i dont bother with sex
so what
if i have really good ones i repeat what i did
i dont think i have "shitty orgasms"
right
my orgasms are pretty shitty vs when I was like 18
shitty orgasms = so meh im not going to bother putting down the video game controller
oh god
is that a thing?
yes
bad male orgasms suck
I meant like, that they weaken 
Men can have bad orgasms?
yes
As a woman, any amount of orgasm is nice.
dragoness: lol, yes
I have yet to meet an orgasm that was worse than a video game
absolutely
yeah zombie
lol
wait...nah, I think thats gotta be rare arch
most male orgasms are bad compared to a proper female orgasm
I mean, if you're super fit your orgasms get way better
but if you're a regular dude, your orgasms do get weaker
as you get old
I wouldnt even pretend to be able to compare the two sms
madscilove: I have yet to meet an orgasm that was worse than a video game <- well you also have to take a shower (ideally)
nah
lol mads, I didnt see that but yeah, me neither 
the harder you work for an orgasm
the stronger it is
my h dont seem weaker
how would i know tho
he seems to liek them
lol
lol
also edging
i still like shitty chocolate
the more you edge, the stronger they are
well yes, because you are putting more work into it
Don't some guys also argue for nofap to help?
lessfap is good
Yea. THat helps me
nofap is too much imho
you get too horny, cant think straight in romantic encounters
also, immediately after working out
But once you have good chocolate it's not the same SMS 
Well, I think nofap can kill one's endurance.
yes buartha, but shitty chocolate will do if you cant get the good stuff
whats the use in endurance just go again
if you've been fapping hard for a long time, you wanna decrease your endurance
I need to decrease my endurance
right now
soemtimes you're in the mood for hersheys and sometimes you want good chocolate
#TMI
they're different animals, imo
hershey is great chocolate
you heathen
ew
im never in the mood for hersheys vs say even cadbury's
i can appreciate it for what it is, but it is not good chocolate
hersheys is just cheaper and more accessible
but ill take cadbury every time over it
I like Hershey's. ;-;
Then again, I'm a prole.
hersheys is gooduntil you have better chocolate
then it tastes like acidic crap
I really like Lindt's truffles.
It doesn't taste acidic to me yet.
There's some really nice vegan chocolates you can get here, but I still miss dairy stuff sometimes. At least I'll always have the dark stuff
But that might be the nostalgia talking.
it will now that ive put the thought in your mind :D
dark chocolate is a good substitute buartha
I'll probably eat it anyway because convenience.
hersheys is super convenient
as is a fapgasm
are you vegan buartha?
Aye madscilove 
neato
godiva seems overpriced
possibly
this was a xmas present, tho
I prefer Lindt
godiva is way overpriced
Dove is disgusting however 
dove is very sweet
heres a bit of chocolate, be grateful proles
chocolate is chocolate
hell no
I don't like Dove.
I really want to try some of the local chocolate, since Arkansas produces some now.
as a Man of Chocolately Complexion i disagree
I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but there were these chocolates in the bay area
"love" chocolate bars I think?
they were so fucking good
ooh, I gotta cozy up to my orbiters so I can get some See's truffles for Valentine's Day
chocolove! that was it
I gotta cozy up to my orbiters <- enjoy your shitty orgasms
orbiters are for emotional support and free stuff, duh
^^
how can you not be a chocolate fan
by being a heathen
Chocolate is king.
I mean, easily 
what human creature doesn't like chocolate?
idk, I just don't like it very much
I'm not a huge fan of it.
what living animal doesn't like chocolate
subhumans
But I did really enjoy that one house that gave out sodas on Halloween.
lol
dogs love chocolate and they can't even eat it
oooooh sodas
guess they forgot to buy candy
No, they were the cool house.
sure they can eat it
not a good idea, but they can eat it
They had them in a cooler, too.
sour candies > chocolate
All the kids ran over there first.
a cooler? this house is the real MVP
And they had a whole array. Everybody loved that house. Soda to go with all of the candy.
mhm
my poor teeth
my sweet lord
http://i.imgur.com/NdO8PQQ.jpg
that your bf dragoness? 
?
I'm on facebook really struggling with my past life choices 
lolol
ill take that as a yes
which one?
oh, guess
dude on the left
lololol
nah, the right
with the glasses 
whoa, I think I just figured out the reason why I like short guys
was left dude p. cool?
or right dude really uncool?
and tall?
Glasses guy is hot
yeah, he's 6'2
lol
he wasn't uncool though. we're still friends 
blowing: Glasses guy is hot <- because tall ;)
he was really smart and funny as fuck but he decided to make a serious of poor life choices that I'll never understand 
like being a G past like 15?
Face is symmetrical, lips are full, and skin is smooth. That's what popped out. But he's not the alpha of that photo, the middle guy is.
lol arch
basically 
we were next door neighbors for years. his sister was one of my best friends 
is the guy next door a thing?
when he's cute yeah
this show is weird as shit
dragoness: here's one of my bad decisions
https://scontent-lax3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hprofile-prn2/v/t1.0-1/10603489_10105346615406684_6379403657596829977_n.jpg?oh=98219e242d76edd9e34a776e736f79c9&oe=5736DD15
lol, he looks kinda cool actually
hahaha, would bang
it's called "I'm drunk and had low self esteem"
for some odd reason
oh god, that guy
Is if bc of the glasses?
I find him really intensely unattractive
why
I don't know. something about his face/body/demeanor
I can't quite tell. would have to see his eyes but he hits a niche for me
everything about him is a total turnoff to me
could totally see that
that guy looks like a dweeb
would not bang
you know what it is, after looking at the pic again, he's got a babyface
that I'm not into
it just looks like a fat face to me
hillary's on jimmy fallon now
holy shit, I just remembered some girl showing up at my door asking to talk to me about that guy
he looks totally normal to me
probably somewhat above average if he had good game
apparently he fucked her in the bathroom the night before
which guy
the black guy
fuck it
Cash
wait for real his name is cash
yep
damn dude
look
okay
I....idek
Here's my last bad decision
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/1TzAwT25/IMG_1299.PNG
he's kind of cute
what was wrong with him?
That's H
booooo
boo indeed
he looks very young
He's my age
But this photo was like 2013?
does he moisturize with gold?
I didnt know you were 25!
the H is good looking
Lol nope 32
I think he's an 8
:(
hes cute
no wonder why his coworkers all want him
Oooookay
......
wtf
perfect bone structure
yeah that's why i say he's an 8
easily
12:03 AM <filozof> no wonder why his coworkers all want him
He could be less of a dickwad about it
his personality is probably not perfect
i remember you said that he's "objectively average"
i don't understand why you said that
Because I lack objectivity
lol, you think?
when you bashed your husband it was obvious that your relationship wasnt going right
sry, irc froze
untimely response
compare this to witzie thinking SP is a god and the most handsome man ever
Are you talking about PM's or main chat filozof
Well SP treats witzie right
i was talking about you saying your husband is average
just noticing it's a red flag
Oh
SerNemesis: http://www.businessinsider.com/us-syria-train-equip-plan-2016-1
It's because he's unattractive to me now I guess
that's so female
I know lol
rumor that US is weighing swinging to Turkey, giving them a greater hand in operations 
The RMV drops off dramatically when you find out a partner sucks.
even I would tap your husband
^^^
yep.
I was pointing to aZombieKitten ...
I'm not talking about RMV
I was talking about physical attractiveness
RMV gets tied into SMV with women, though.
yep
obviously, RMV falls when the person sucks
He might be an 8 physically, but once you tie in the RMV, his perceived SMV to her drops.
that's not exclusive to women
Maybe if I was a guy or we were two gay guys idk
To me he's just a douche now
And I can say that here because I can't anywhere else bc children
you could say it about everyone that the RMV drops when you find out the person sucks
that applies to men judging women as well
Again, it begins to tie into SMV.
You look at this person, and you think of their history.
You don't just look at them like they're a fresh person.
That's also why perceived SMV gets boosted when their RMV is awesome.
yes, the person's SMV falls when you find out the person sucks
A lot of people can't objectively detach and look at their partner for their honest SMV.
Yeah a lot of people have the goggles too
That's what they may say oh my wife is stunning at 39 and someone else is like what?
So it can increase or decrease SMV
And RMV
But you can definitely tell if a relationship is having trouble by how someone describes their own SO.
"perceived" smv drops, maybe. and yeah attractiveness != smv. not exactly same thing
it's unforuntate maybe to blowing, but i dont think his smv would drop if no one but blowing knows that he's being a douche to her
http://imgur.com/gallery/ud0av5V
RMV guys
Again, most people cannot objectively detach from their own SO like that.
yep
I'm not saying random people are thinking this.
attractiveness is subjective though i agree
I'm saying she's thinking "objectively average" because of the knowledge she has of him.
The OW didn't seem to think it dropped his SMV
Everyone does this with their own shitty exes.
i think y'all are right that women tend to blur line between holistic attractiveness with physical attractiveness
is that guy deformed?
no, he's just very ugly
those 2 had 2 babies though
jesus christ
he's uglier than trump
He might've been hot at the time, but you look back on how crappy he was, and if someone asks you, your immediate thought is just "meh."
the kids are ok looking
he's like quasimodo
did he really win the lottery?
i want to find out more
i wonder how much she loves him
yes. He won the lottery in the UK and she shacked up with him immediately
Lol
lol
Back to our regularly scheduled program of hot chicks marrying uggos...
they are making a show about them
in the UK
wait, he didn't actually win the lottery
I like looking up the dude who rejected me after I got really into him and seeing that he's still single years later and posts whiny statuses about girls/guys. It makes me a happy bunny
wait
he won a show
I think
LOL buartha
buartha++
buartha++
I love doing that
I'm still petty like that sometimes.
yes, they won a competition for the most mismatched couple
in terms of looks
oh wow, nevermind
IMgur was wrong
so i think they just fell in love somehow
their relationship is real
http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/punching-above-your-weight-winner-5163600
he won the show for being hte ugliest person with the hottest wife
yep 
you see witzie, not every woman cares about looks like you do
witzie?
damn...move to NewCastle boys
you're just superficial
women there are chill as FUCK
oh fuck guys
I just remembed my favorite pub and how it's in a different state than me
:(
ask them to open up a hawaii chain
this entire article has no quote from her
how odd
Aww madscilove, I hate that feel. Even nearly a decade later I still miss some of the places in Belfast
http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/man-crowned-champion-punching-above-4041107
seriously, that is ridiculous
i wonder what made her go for him
the chick had 2 kids with him too. She locked it down
he's a manager at a retail store
so it's not even a money thing
I wonder if she's really stupid or something
Or
there has to be something wrong with her
maybe
she loves him
you evil cynic you
:P
like seriously, i'd have a hard time finding an uglier dude
I've obviously spent too much time around trp
than him
he just looks sleazy
"Woman crowned NAWALT Unicorn champion of ALL TIME"
hahaha
I don't think he's *that* ugly
Ugly sure
But he wouldn't make me stop in the streets
http://i.imgur.com/ppvrN8F.jpg
you are welcome sweetkisses29!
that...is a nice change...
'We first met when I moved into Darren's street,' adds Kate. 'I thought he was gorgeous, he had lovely eyes.'
LOL
dragoness> "Woman crowned NAWALT Unicorn champion of ALL TIME"
lol
yes
I
want
my
unicorn
fuck
what is that architect
this
guy
madscilove: it's just some chick who got really fit from throwing weights around at home
ohhh
maybe he's a decent beta guy and some women just appreciate that. i don't think you should take what some extreme rpers say as absolutes
I'm the number one guy in the "you people are too absolutist" train around here, but the SMV difference between him and her is extrmee
He probably has a good sense of humour and a decent amount of self awareness if he entered the competition, and that can be charming
He's like a 3 and she's most regular guys 10 as far as real women go
trp is always about trends and likelihoods. You shouldn't *expect* such pairings, but it's not like they are impossible
I just wonder about their relationship and personalities
I'd love to know what they get out of each other
and what their dynamic is like
I would feel comfortable saying the SMV disparity between them is so rare it's probably never happened before. 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-2725825/Im-special-Beautiful-bride-married-winner-Punching-Above-Your-Weight-competition-doesnt-think-looks-bullied-school.html
I doubt that, architect
HAHAHA, "never happened before" nah
humans have been around for a loooong time
in our lifetimes
*
well, one of my aunts married someone a few points below her
that being said she was gold digging
he's like a 2 and a half
what's interesting is that he's not even rich
she's appreciative because the dude helped support her sisters
it can happen if a dude has a high status
but he doesn't even have that
Right
he has nothing
he's just a bro
who works at a store
he's so ugly i wouldn't want to be his friend
lol why, filozof 
because being seen in his company would lower your SMV by association
because i like my friends sexy
that's why i'm on this chat
oh, it looks like he does have a deformity
Good save filozof 
his eye is a little messed
i don't get that. even supposing we went with that line of thought
i'd have assumed that
being around attractive people lowers your smv
by relativity
one of my roommates looked like a model
but associating with ugly people isn't good for your status
Being around attractive people makes people think you're worthy enough for attractive people to want you in their vacinity. 
i'm not joking, he was consistently regarded as the most attractive dude in my dorm of a hundred or so ppl
you want to associate with the highest status people you can
and it took a lot of attention away from other guys inc myself
how is that better
Being around unattractive people makes people think your worth no more thant he sum of your social circle
maybe it's different for women, but I don't think hanging out with attractive women helps 
I'm reading through all the comments.  :)
it does
but not in the way you want
lol
I'd go out to bars with this one drop dead gorgeous friend of mine and get ignored all night :P
the only time I'd ever get ignored
lots of guys will hang out with you to get at your other friends
is when I was standing next to her
yes madscilove tat's what i'd have assumed before too
i thought that was conventional wisdom
Is there a good post somewhere on the different alpha types?
I think, hang out with hot people but no one considerably hotter than you
Architect: I was wrong that pic was like 2011 so he was 27/28
if you care about that sort of thing
It was the first one I could pull of FB without other people in it
Ah. 
Either way
he's man meat
filozof: check out this guy's competition
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/08/13/article-2723099-2080941100000578-718_634x791.jpg
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/08/13/article-2723099-2080941A00000578-897_634x618.jpg
look at this guy's teeth
holy fuck
shit
the first couple wasnt that bad
Can confirm fiat, have noticed that my generally average to a bit above average friends get laid less when my friend D is out (like 6'4/5, fit, awesome face, charming.) They get wing womaned by the girls' friends but it rarely ends with them getting laid, just getting a snog and/or a dance at best
but the second... yeah
the thing is though, his face isn't deformed
like darren's
she is gorgeous though
not necessarily hot like kate
The first one is worse imo
hmm ill search for it im responding to ppl atm 
the first one is not that mismatched
the guy has a normal face
oh i know that chateau heariste has written about it
she does too
he came up w/ renegade alpha 
he's just fat
really fat
but yea
12:34 AM <madscilove> I'd go out to bars with this one drop dead gorgeous friend of mine and get ignored all night :P
Yep
This was always
vox day has a bunch too
She's cute imo, and the second dude legit just needs his teeth fixed to be average for his age
A girl named keely
i would hit on madscilove just to dread game her gorgeous friend
In my group of friends: never introduce your BF to keenly
The other dude's face is warped because of his weight
Keely
filozof: a few men tried that
Because she's smoking hot and you'll get ignored all night to see if Keely needs a drink!
I was just unfriendly to them
until they went away. not interested in being a stranger's wing woman
and if i didn't score her, i'd go home with madscilove
not a bad deal anyway
lol
lool
I mean, that does cause some interestingly odd angles
madscilove: is 10/10 you'd be so lucky
like if he stopped hitting on her, would she even want him
she's a consolation prize
well, she's not a ten
but still hot
I saw her prom pic
so any guy is now going to get rejected regardless
She's gorgeous
unless he hits on madscilove first
unless he hits on me first and manages to not keep making eyes at my friend
that's what always gives 'em away
well he has to engage your friend
Yeah like the jumpy scope out of HB 9
or else it's bad game
Thanks Camille.  No hurry, I have plenty to do tonight already.
There's a way to politely acknowledge
then your friend is going to get all emo about being ignored
Id just meet a guy and ditch my friends
*^
like a boss
this is why I never went out with friends if I was hoping to take someone home
9:39 PM <madscilove> until they went away. not interested in being a stranger's wing woman <--- it's also a very outdated and obv tactic
if a woman, even if she isn't the hottest one in the group, reciprocated my flirting i'd like her anyway
i think i have low standards though, esp if it's just Short term things. I noticed that i'm only punching above my weight in terms of looks when i get set up
lol, I mean most guys are gonna like whoever likes um back
women don't get this
it's usually my friends, family,  "other people" who think overestimate my smv and assume i deserve gorgeous women
aw
that's actually very sweet
Well have teleport in minecraft tomorrow
if other people think you deserve something you probably do
I don't like box days categories
Vox
You're probably just  underestimating yourself fiat
i don't think so, lol. i mean i like sex, and if my standards are too high, i get it less often. lol. i have not been very "marriage minded". i haven't been ever since losing virginity.
hmm. Interesting
There's no bad boy alpha in it
i guess deserve is a bad word
We could totally judge for you if you gave us your pics. *hint hint*
I don't believe anyone desserves anything
I thought that was a sigma?
Is this the vox one?  http://alphagameplan.blogspot.com/2011/03/socio-sexual-hierarchy.html
no not the hiearchy
hes just written posts on it
on different alpha men 
i dont know if that's the right word. I'm just saying that when friends / family set me up they go all out. the girls are usually 1-2 points higher than what i need for SMV and way WAY higher in terms of RMV
i said myself i don't care too much about cooking, housework, cleaning, etc
I get it...they are saying they think you are worthy of better
i can hire a maid for that. and i don't even care that much education
nawalt?
but they set me up with people like stanford grads
phd students who look like 7-8 even under fiat-drok phys attraction scale
you don't seem like someone who wants a particularly educated woman
Omg
I just realized where the fiat- Drok scale came from and I'm a moron
i'm not trying to avoid educated women. i just don't really care about status signalers
I saw it on Reddit so much
it came from fiat and drok
what do you mean, blowing? 
Right
LOL!!!
...
lol
I did NOT put it together lol
Wow
silly feeeemale
9:54 PM <blowing> I saw it on Reddit so much <--- DROK!!
DROK you hear that?!
I found the renegade alpha.  :) https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2013/10/18/the-rise-of-the-renegade-alpha/
.addterm NAWALT http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article3277135.ece/ALTERNATES/s1227b/Darren-Donaghey-and-Kate-Cathcart.jpg
You're FAMOUS!
lol
amazeballs
Lmao, their kid is cute
their kid looks more like her
stronger genes probably
but yeah, Architect . i'm not anti-smart women, i'm just saying i have basically no standards when it comes to how "interesting" / "educated" / "entertaining" a woman is. she'd just have to be pleasant and like me and i'm almost always satisfied when it comes to that behaviour/personality
Yea, I get that. Most men like whatever woman likes them, within reason. It's hard to dislike people who like you back. I just figure you seem like someone who needs a more feminine figure in their lives, not like a boardroom chaser
i wonder if i'd have a diff attitude if i was mid or lower class
it's like that graph that showed how people's expectations changed over time as the middle class grew weaker
and it became more difficult to afford a house in modern times
more men believe it's unrealistic to live off single income
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2007/09/19/defining-the-alpha-male/ this one is also good
I doubt Ill be living off single income
but yeah it's lack of standard. i actually wouldn't even mind a boardroom chaser
basically i have low FTO when it comes to LTRs, lol
fto?
ok, hm
it's because i've been avoiding it forever
avoiding women?
essentially
avoiding LTR
And why would that be?
although i disagree that renegade alphas fall between greater betas and lesser alphas, if thats the case then ill have to find a new term to describe M lol
apprehension over losing freedom, single life. i like having my home to myself
the freedom is intoxicating, because i've been pressured my entire life
given an asian upbringing, I can understand that. I knew had an asian lady friend who went around making bad decisions to feel what it was like to make bad decisions, lol. 
lol, they deleted my comment too
Oh man i am having fun https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/411svj/what_we_talk_about_when_we_talk_about_femininity/cyyxcr0
enjoy it protopill
protopill: you're an expert on femininity
camille is the expert Architect
camille wishes she was as expert as protopill 
she's a pretender to the thrown
throne*
Architect
she taught protopill all he knows
susandeath: 
 It sucks how it ranks by partner count.  
she is the mentor
Protopill would literally have a vagina if his cock wasn't so big
the power behind the throne
whoa, LucilioVanini is a red piller?
why does that suck?
yes
sure
I assume that means sex, not the amount of women dated?
Architect> Protopill would literally have a vagina if his cock wasn't so big ---> thats not very flattering
everyone is a redpiller
you pretty much called him a pussy
I said he was literally a genital star
the fusion power of his penis stops the gravity of the vagina from pulling it back in
and creating a black hole
that is the vagina
that's an act of nature
a force
incredible
i feel like its a pretty accurate measure of success with women
J's only had sex with one other woman
So that would make him a lesser beta, according to the chart?
i think the chart is saying on average, lesser betas sleep with X amount f women in their lifetime
not if youve slept with X amount of women you are Y
but also, there is a correlation between alpha traits and sleeping with more women 
He's dated many women, dumped one who wouldn't put out.  Longest relationship before me was 6 months, and he ended that.
Also he went into the army right after high school, so didn't do any dating during that time.
I can see the correlation.  I actually thought he had a high partner count for the first maybe 6 months of our relationship, until one day it came up and I was shocked to hear there was only one other partner.
im super bored
Did you guys read camilles thing on dominance levels 
I'm guessing she wrote an essay about dominance?
ooh
AtlasB can I have a link please
some of the descriptions on that are so funny "willing to do anal at hello" haha
WingN: would you say that TJ women are more likely to be Hs and FPs are more likely to be Ls?
kittenkajira i definitely see why partner count alone is enough to place your guy on the scale
is enough, or isn't enough?
istn!
haha orry
Whew.
awyeah atlasb
*yeah
haha yeah 
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/4100j7/i_get_so_mad_when_people_dont_reply_instantly/
A New Way of Looking at Relationship Dynamics (Part 1) (https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/)
I wanna put some red pill in a barrel and just......drown him in it
It just makes so much sense 
I couldn't tell the difference between a high dom women like me
And one like blowing or my mom
Who are similar 
Yeh
I think so
I was just saying in ppd
I could never figure out the diff
Between a high com like my mom
Dim
Dom!!!
And me 
I like her post AtlasB
but its the threshold?
Yup
I really appreciate the nuance it adds
yay!
And she's enfp
right, cool!
Is there a mid ground
thats my only question
I think entj women don't work right with high com men 
They have a low tolerance for dominance 
Though they need it
Its a bad type for women generally 
Always
Think of yourself and your dynamics and calbrate
that makes a lot of sense
Thats why there's a number scale and a letter system 
just because your threshold is low doesnt mean you dont need more discipline/dominance to fall in line!
Exactly
that applies to H women i think, Ls seem to do well when the dominance level matches their threshold
They require it and fight it 
Yeh 
yay rpw theory!
Really yay 
wait so everyone in ppd has seen my post?
or just the irc?
I would think I am Mid Dominance
with a low threshold
basically, the first and the last letter needs to be the same
I think from our relationship dynamic J is about the same
neither of us need to be the boos
*boss
but we dont take kindly to being bossed either
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40x5t1/the_term_slut_must_exist_within_reason/
why does this guy think we care?
Yeh that was weird
4 partners ladies
or just accept that you are sluts
what ifthe 4th one dies
nope
you still a slut
Lol
you should have kept him alive
Whatever
Its so stupid 
I'd really like to know what Pem's wife is like
AtlasB will you tell Camille that her post is awesome for me please
also, OP is insane
Will do!
cool
yeah dragoness he is
Irc
They think it's awesome
Susandeath said to tell you 
Pems wife is disappointed 
do you not go in ppd, Camille ?
I don't go into ppd.  I did once, and there was like 15 people talking!
rpw chat distracts me enough.  :P
same, it moved too quick for me haha
All I know is this, I was extremely promiscuous and I am a submissive faithful wife who does unspeakable and often illegal things for my h who I worship 
aw yay tell them i say thanks WingN 
I don't buy this if you have sex lots you lose your ability to pair bond
I know most promiscuous women are ExFX or xSFx
Well at one point I lost my openness
i stick to the rpw and ppdfemales irc room but i used to be in ppd irc all the time; i read the sub but really only comment if tis an rpw related question
fair
I remember the walk of shame from my ex apt
After the first night 
was it shame?
I was like Yeh Yeh you'll call me uh huh
Laters
I was never ashamed lol I just like that expression 
But o never lost the ability to bond
yeah its a fun one
Or pined for one any longer than the next one
I think its a correlation not a causation
Because I never dated betas I think 
The next one was the new best ine
does PPDBot tell you to auth even if you're authed? Because Q says I'm authed.
You also need to mode +x
Do /mode user name +x
I think my sexuality was v masculine 
thanks :) I had them both in my connect command but it looks like it didn't do the second one.
oh, hi PPDBot :)(
:)
I always had great sex with everyone 
Easily 
Like none of that complicated female sexuality where you can't have orgasms and get aroused and stuff
 I think its fine if people dont want to date someone who has had a bunch of sex
Sure
And its a fine proxy for bad trsits
I just dont buy that bullcrap that if you have more partners you suddenly get broken
I think most feminine women do
I mean the hormones released cant tell if you are in a relationship or not when you have sex
Right
You really do need to be male brained to handle it properly.
if you are gonna "get used to them"
Yeh
then why dont you suddenly stop bonding after sex when you have had a ton in a relationship?
Oddly enough, sex is the one place I don't detach, but someone else mentioned to me that it may just be because I've had so few partners and all were relationships.
I mean I am not the best scientist
but the logic seems odd to me
They really mean
damn windows updates
Cant bond with a beta
Imo
maybe it's more that you stop forming new bonds, susandeath ? but can still strengthen existing ones?
but cake
how does your body know?
like on a hormonal level
\o/ pheremones?
maybe
is just a theory. I'm not sold on the pair bonding stuff tbh.
I think there can be a correlation 
but I dont thing the lots of sex things is the cause
Its the hardening up
I think there are other things that come into play
I COULD bond
why is she having lots of sex
yeah, I think that seems more accurate AtlasB
I started protecting myself from it
cause she is looking for valifdation?
she thinks its fun?
that crunchy outer shell
Preemptibely
Yeh
or what
I think the reasons matter more than the actual sex
but yeah I get what you are saying Atlas
They mean "she won't bond with me because I'm an icky beta bux"
lol
ooh
like the asshole thing
that girl I like wont date me
she must only like assholes
Lol
makes sense
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40x5t1/the_term_slut_must_exist_within_reason/cyy60d4
pem and sardonis need to get  a room
"Yep. "Only" is certainly about POV, because at double digits I'm thinking "are you at all selective about who's dick you'll ride?""
lol
do they know how many dicks get thrown at women?
I have a drawer
lol
there are at least 50 in there
from last week
Who is cakeforallofyou 
she's a rpw
rpw
jinks mads
hi Architect :)
Hi cake
Have you brought me cake?
imaginary cake, sure
Ummm

You can't call yourself cake for all and not provide cake
the cake is a lie arch
>:(
The cake
Is
A lie
!!
:D
Confirmed
sorry yall.
i'm actually on keto so it's not even cake for me irl
I shouldn't be eating cake either. 
but apparently that was on my mind when i made the un.
I think I'm going to skip lunch tomorrow
yes, give me all your cake
I need an eating disorder badly
why?
maybe you have one
some eating disorders involve eating too much
Because I wanna be sexy and dominant so I can sex girls like you guys
I am so post wall Architect
you could just eat less cake.
you dont want me
Lol cakeforallofyou 
susandeath, what does your name mean? susan death? Susan D Eath? Sus And Eath?
cake it is for Susan Sto Helit
Lol
I like this girl so far...
ohhhhhh
the grandaughter of DEATH in the Discworld series of books by Terry Pratchett
Except for her not bringing cane
Cake
terry pratchett, cool
lolol
cane
hey chironex 
freudian slip, much?
lol
hahaha
I was just gonna say that
"goth mary poppins" that's a fairly cool bio, susandeath .
yeah
her super power is common sense
oh
and she can walk through walls
and TALK LIKE DEATH
!
damn, I need to reread the hogfather
I've been listening to Neverwhere recently (if you like walking through walls)
do it mades
or mads
if you want
I have the audio book 
Neverwhere is that Neil Gamian?
yup
ok
I will check it out
the radio play has great voices, wow
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40x5t1/the_term_slut_must_exist_within_reason/cyy50kp
this guy\
he does not know how the vagina works
"But getting rammed by huge dicks will loosen up the suspension, and that's not something that can be fixed cheaply."
s/vagina/suspension
Let's be honest...who does?
the owners of them Architect
usually have a good idea of how they function
Lol
Nah
there we go, this is all that really needed saying 
please
"More to the point, to me the mental framework necessary for casual sex isn't compatible with my own."
Awalt
idk susandeath , did you see that scene on orange is the new black?
yeah I agree mads
it bothers me when people bring their junk science into "slut" convos
if you want a chaste girl, go get 'er.
noo cake I havent watched that show at all
I agree Mads
madscilove++
alas! There was a great scene with a bunch of ladies finally learning how their...undercarriage...was structured.
Such as what?
What junk science do we find in Slut convos
no one is telling this guy he must date a woman thats had a ton of partners
Architect the idea that a vagina gets all loose from sex
Architect: pair bonding, "it ruins the vagina"
is a junk science!
among other things
thats not how it works
or you know
Well, the pair bonding this has been proving I believe
proven by what?
The vagina thing is false
I agree
some virgin who got married young and had LOTS of sex with her husband would have a loose vag
because the thing is, a woman who has been in a LTR with one man for 5+ years has probably had more sex
RIGHT
yeah mads
and no one is accusing her vag of being lose
*loose
lol
Having lots of sex with 1 person does have the same chemical effect as fucking lots of different people
it's just a preference, and I wish men would own it
Architect the study used to "prove" that pair bonding suffers from lots of sexual partners had lots of holes in it
they didnt even have a great sample
so
I would not agree that its been proven as a fact
its been hypothesised
madscilove> it's just a preference, and I wish men would own it
me too
I would say it's pretty obvious as anecdata
Even still
eh
obvious to who
I mean if we are gonna go with anecdata
why would yours trump mine>
?
my anecdata doesn't show that, but maybe yours does
It doesn't. 
I'm saying I think it's true
You can think it's false if you ws t
well then its just gonna turn into a circular argument
Want
Well of course lol
and just for the record
That doesn't mean I can't disagree
thinking something is true
does not mean its proved
okay, so you're saying you think it's true BUT you realise the science is shitty?
I never claimed I did
You said you think the study is flawed
I never concedes that
Conceded
ok
so basically you agree with the study
even though all the did was study a very few married couples
i took your falling back to anecdata as a sign you weren't relying on the study for proof.
I would have to look over the study. I'm fairly certain there's more than just 1
and didnt take into account anything else except number of partners?
I mean they went 
oh 
if you were a slut
you have a less happy marriage
cakeforallofyou> i took your falling back to anecdata as a sign you weren't relying on the study for proof.
but they didnt look at financial things
Or, I just haven't read the study in years
or religion
my mistake.
or work stresses 
or 
you know
any number of things that can make your marriage unhappy
Again, I can't speak to anything other than I read it, and believe it's anecdatally obvious. 
I can't accept your criticism unless I re-read the article
well thats a nice belief
ok
so wombat
is annoying
but sometimes
she has fun things to say
like the animal?
oh.
It's not a belief, it's me not accepting your belief as true without vetting it first
Any other definition is just moralistic puritanism cats bum neuroses.
that
madscilove that is a lovely sentence
huh?
"Any other definition is just moralistic puritanism cats bum neuroses."
haha
doesnt that sound fun
wombat said it
you could use it in so many places
not just for the word slut
taking issue with people's issues with sluts is equally as moralistic
ironically
well yeah
yay feminism https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/comments/40rd55/what_are_gender_critical_views_on_pornography/cywlp4a
but its not expressed in such an awesome way
so it counts less
lol, naturally
radfeminisms are gross
I strongly dislike radfems
cakeforallofyou: were you here before?
filozof, no, i've only just arrived.
hi!
cake is our new rpw
cakeforallofyou: introduce yourself then
be nice we like her
aw, you guys are sweet
rpws are proper, good women
I dunno, she got sassy with me
so i'm nice to them
AND no cake
hi filozof and everyone, I'm cake, i like aquariums and the internet
she's like a 9/10 right now
Architect, are you always like this?
literally 24/7
that must be rough.
filozof, who are you?
Nah, it's pretty freeing
I mean , I did just give you a 9 out of 10
and who did that benefit?
if you think it should be lower, we can do worse
cakeforallofyou: i'm a regular here
and an inner circle member
so yall don't need to use your reddit usernames in here, that's frustrating!
what is an ~inner circle member~? sounds culty.
there's an inner circle here that only the best can enter
bow down before me and maybe you'll be allowed
careful, if you let too many in the suspension will get loose.
haha
cakeforallofyou++
\o/
I can never tell if it's just quiet or if my irc froze
it's always quiet now because there's a minecraft crew, and PPDAD steals a lot of attention
cakeforallofyou: my intel tells me you're from australia
i kind of want in on this minecraft game
filozof, such intell, many spy
yes, i am.
that's cool, you probably have a nice accent
ooh, cool. you should talk to atlas about minecraft tomorrow
i'm from poland and i have american accent
my accent is ridic, it's american actually
snap
madscilove, i may do :) i probably shouldn't get involved in any more games, I'm bad enough at time management as it is.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40x5t1/the_term_slut_must_exist_within_reason/cyygm7s
lol
I get what he's sayng but....it just wound up sounding like
"In other words, I'm terrible in bed but...she aint even know it"
virgins are the best because they can't tell how bad i am in bed
right lol
obv a virgin is not as likely to dump you for being shit at sex
but still.
yeah
but, eventually the more she learns her own body the more likely shes going to figure out somethings not right 
yup
I mean, virgins can tell if sex is bad
yup
see....I couldnt
Not really. If it's two virgins they are going to learn sex together
ok, my first time, I could tell it was really bad
I just thought sex wasnt all that great
I don't think virgins can tell bad sex though
At all
really, dragoness ? you wouldn't be able to compare w masturbation and be like "damn"
^
Aye madscilove, but an inexperienced person might wonder if it's just always that bad where a more experienced one would know that's not the case
No, because I just figured I was one of those women who "didnt really like sex"
aw
that sucks
that's true. I guess I just assumed that better sex must be out there, because everyone else liked it so much
lol
good logic
"somebody's gotta be enjoying this somewhere!?"
surely! they write songs about it...
but i guess if you're cool with your dick being so bad it makes your virgin bride think she's sexually dysfunctional...
ha, seriously 
jesus. how is it STILL today??? 
at least you know your virgin bride hasn't had 8 inch cocks in her
time is an illusion
lunchtime doubly so.
so, you have the "security" of knowing she hasnt banged a bunch of dudes but you also know you don't pleasure her. hmm...
 <dragoness> "In other words, I'm terrible in bed but...she aint even know it"
lol dragoness++
can't have anything aside from my name susan
dragoness++
i remember reading about a girl who said she used to enjoy small dicks
but couldnt enjoy them after having big ones
i think loosening vagina is a thing
that's a fair point, but the same could be said about dildos
but politically correct people would never admit that
I think it's just learning preferences
no, more likely that she was more satisfied by a big one
filozof
right mads
filozof: that's why I never believe women are content with smaller dicks
what loosening vagi...never mind
so if a woman has sex 1000 times over the course of a relationship
bigger dicks are simply better IMO
there is absolutely a thing as "too big"
she gonna have a loser vag?
ok
like, you can't do a lot of fun thigns
madscilove, absolutely
stay in your compsci course
if it's too big, which is a bummer
you would fail biology
ahaha susan
i guess it depends whether you're talking about wide or long
both are problematic in their own ways
but yes, i suspect women really prefer bigger dicks
i read women reporting that it makes them feel fuller
from da pornz?
some do, some can't handle it, dont like it ad infinitum
^
although i remember reading a pornstar who said that 5-6 inches are perfect
oh what dragoness
i think if you have a 6 inch dick, you don't have much to worry about
you mean like women have different preferences and are not one uniform thing?
nooo
I think average sized is best. and then if you want bigger occasionally, that's what toys are for
susandeath, no, definitely not.
yeah
I dont know if I can believe that
other women probably have diff preferences
its just funny that I've known a lot of women but only knew one size queen
or you can make your man wear a dick sleve
to make it known that he doesnt satisfy you
no here's what we're not about to do
"occasionally prefer something different" =/= unsatisfied
I was told by a girl 
a few years ago
i love cheese but sometimes i prefer chocolate
never trust female self reporting
doesn't mean i'm not satisfied w cheese.
yep
that she had better sex with one guy over a previous ex even though he had 5 inches on him
while the ex ha d8
huh?
yeah Mashakos , i've had that experience too
dude was three inches?
ex was 8inches
better lay had 5 inches
okay see
now math isnt my strong suit but...
i think it was more of a physically "on" than a comparative, dragoness 
five inches of cock on one guy, 8 inches on the other
(the phrasing was bad)
thank you
I was sooo not getting it
literally sitting here doing the "dog with head to one side"
https://www.reddit.com/r/bigdickproblems/comments/2b1fap/showers_vs_growers_erection_quality/cj364jz?context=3
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/29a4ha/people_who_used_penis_enlargement_pills_or/cijb8pr?context=3
i'd think james deen has a horse sized dick
horse sized
ow
no wonder he got accused of rape
the big difference for the girl was that the 8 inches guy just jack-hammered for 3-4 minutes and was done 
susandeath, :{
:P
while 5 inches dude did all the anal, hair pulling and extra stuff that got her off
size is meaningless if you don't know how to use it
it's better to have something to use
some larger guys don't seem to understand that
even if you do know how to use it, there's not a huge (lol) difference for the most part (outliers excluded)
as long sa you are 6 inch or above filozof 
you should be fine
the average vagina is between 3 and 5 inches long
I think women underestimate how many other women get off simply to the idea of a large dick
I think (and this is only from friends self-reporting) that some bigger dudes have no idea of the certain...limitations that exist or the measures they need to take
and the stretch
and most women don't ACTUALLY enjoy cervix pounding
^
Architect: i found that women tend to be idiots about what women like
idk, as long as you don't have a micropenis you're probably fine
and they pretend they know best, always
right cake
well, yea, I mean women are the #1 worst source of information about women
but still
even from just observing the world
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/410qpx/what_celebritys_voice_adds_to_their_sex_appeal/ all the men mentioned have deep voices, and all the ladies have (imo) higher than average voices. no surprises here.
actually, i take it back, natalie dormer's voice is husky as.
Alan Rickman :((((
I know dragoness
very sad
:( :(
LORD! I wanted him to narrate my life
alas.
hey! That could be why I find natalie dormer annoying as hell.
really? too husky?
my voice undoubtedly adds to my sex appeal
how dare you
susandeath, natalie dormer is one of the main voices in neverwhere btw.
filozof, probably!
yeahh 
ok cool
unfortunately 
haven't noticed the voice, always found her annoying, but now that you mentioned it.
could be the voice
do you prefer your ladies more feminine?
hell
if they have baby voices, even better
that makes sense then
 You don't need to be 6 or above imo, 5 or above is fine. So many men lie about their penis size anyway that women will assume that what they see is bigger than it actually is
i like the husky voices but I like ladies with deep voices a lot.
I do too
certain husky voices can be very feminine
eg?
buartha thats why women cant park
susandeath, lolol
Hahaha susandeath 
susandeath++
hmm, tough fr me to remember voices. have to do some yt research
please do Mashakos , i'd be curious to hear
I'm trying to think of the women i find attractive and deep voices are fairly common
Bob saget raped and killed a girl in 1990
?
nah
I thought that was glen beck
that I could believe 
would still do him though
lol
hahaha https://i.imgur.com/5qOLYci.png
This is from gone wild
naturally 
why have they not yet learned
m'lady.
lol
your sensuous pleasures have rendered me uncouth, you temptress
a girl shows you her asshole? call her sweet temptress 
I love 'well mannered temptress'
lol, this is harder than I thought!
gonewild is a pretty retarded place
i think every guy on there is humiliating himself
I just wanna know whats going through their minds when theyre typing up shit like that
i like to think that that guy was simply sarcastic or something
like, the thought process must be...well actually, I'm assuming the blood's being allocated elsewhere so maybe there's no thought process at all
or he just seriously thinks that that's how women like to be treated
ON GONE WILD!?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/410uzl/im26_over_heard_my_wifef25_making_racist_comments/
but given how much people talk about the "neckbeard" meme, i'd be surprised if people don't realize it's bullshit
whoa
so i'd go for a parody
the stupid thing about gonewild is that people are always validating to those girls
i'd call them nothing but sluts and whores
well, why not? they want them to post more content 
why shoot yourself in the foot
to me, watching those photos is just so deeply unsatisfying
start calling them sluts and whores and its back to pornhub for you my good sir
eh
ok, narrowed it down
I mean, *I* personally don't find it appealing but clearly plenty of people do
damn bot, were you napping?
i think they are being nice to those women because they think it makes them closer to them
what they really want is putting a dick in that
maayybe
at least that's what i want
sure
.msg #purplepilldebate say naps are good
sexy husky voices: Scarlett Johansson, Mila Kunis
look, this whole gaining sentience thing is unsettling bot.
thanks Mashakos 
I love laura prepon's voice. 
ooh yes.
mmm
http://imgur.com/gallery/j6eVe
:0
milf.com
ravegirls <3
husky voices are sexy
but not cute
oh shit
scarJo voice <3
I thought the brunette was the mom
NO
NOOOOOOOO
They can both be moms
to my children
dis blond milf yo
dragoness: that OP sounds like it was written by a red piller, heh
lol dencrypt_
holy hell that is a slutty mom
I didnt get that vibe at all Mashakos
yes
yes she is
a fabricated story to prove AWALT
that's what I saw
can you believe that many women are obsessed with this guy? http://cdn.theatlantic.com/assets/media/img/posts/adamdrivercover.jpg
who needs to fabricate stories for awalt?
i'm better looking than him
filozof: yes. If you watch the movie he's like DarkTriad.com
uh filozof 
that guy lifts
lolololol
who is that?
adam driver
the new bad guy in Star Wars
an actor from tv
http://static1.squarespace.com/static/51b3dc8ee4b051b96ceb10de/t/530e5589e4b0984e87ed35a1/1393448336872/star-wars-episode-vii-adam-driver-close-to-playing-villain.jpg
damn
I'm hooked. 
10/10, would rufio and bangarang 
(I can't remember which rper said that but pls don't blame me)
lol
roofie'ing a guy wouldn't really work
his peepee wouldn't work yo
you'd have elephant trunk going on
this guy proves that women don't give a fuck what a guy's face looks like
I like how you took a Hook pun and just made it all sad
<3
lol
I.....I do
as long as he's got a body https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/49/a6/5b/49a65b1a9576422c4f378d2da1f74706.jpg
ummm
awalt?
I've never seen the movie or his body till now
nawalt?
there we go
lol
instantly useful
lmao
this guy looks like a chicken
he's a strong 2
I am reading up on this
up
yup filozof 
*
that has to be a fake tv marriage
nope.
is htat their kid??
yes.
<filozof> this guy looks like a chicken
hahahaha 
dude looks like a melted midget mannequin, wtf
that's a first for me
filozof++
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/08/15/article-2725825-208BFDE300000578-792_634x366.jpg
dude looks like a mangod to me
a true man god
die ubermensch
time to melt your face Architect 
I wonder how sick and fucking tired she is of being constantly "reminded" that her husband is ugly
im sure she's well aware he's ugly
actually no
that's why I used quotes
because she said she was attracted at first sight
so maybe she doesn't give a fuck
I've seen some broads with some ugly ass guys
it actually hurts me to look at his face
i don't get how she deals with it
he's not that bad at all man
women have no sense of aesthetics
he's messed, but he's not horrible
I solute this woman
lol
he's not that bad?
she's the patron saint of TRP
he's quasimodo light

"he's not horrible"
I mean
when you put it like that yes, but it's not like he is missing limbs
he's far from the ugliest man you'll ever see though
dude looks like an irish guy's foreskin stretched over a face
or has more limbs than he needs lol
lolol
haterade.com
<Mashakos> dude looks like an irish guy's foreskin stretched over a face
ah bless
He has an interesting face imo. I would give it a shot if someone who looked like that asked me out when I was single and I liked him
buartha: confused tinglez
damn, Jenna Marbles should go back to being a vegan. Her jokes are not bad in this vid but I just can't stop... looking... at her face........ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSLJ6mHQmvY
she's weaaring a cakeface
how would what she's eating matter
she's a go-go dancer
check out her vids from when she was vegan, 2011
I'd have 150% more respect for Jenna Marbles if she used the fact that she was funny to remain famous isntead of doubling down on being really hot
she is actually funny
I know. Which is what fuels my extreme and perpetual disappointment in her
"the sun is like a penis hole. they're both there every day but you never look directly at them. Ever."
lol
her hair looks aweful in this video though
yeah
now that I actually cant stop staring at
that was also more than half a decade ago
she made the mistake of listening to a tumblrina, possibly
I think she figured she'd just give people what they wanted to see
she literally just started doing "watch me show off my bikini" videos
seriously?
now he's looking for links
Yea. There's a famous gif of all the bikinis she's shown off
and danced in
I think i have it in my google drive somewhere
yeah this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtAkRE8yw9w
of course
from when she was a vegan
that's one of them, yea
she can't do that shit today!
but it's like "why are you doing this?"
you used to be a funny girl who happened to be hot
now you're a hot girl who happens to be kinda funny
everyone would bear witness to her fall from vegan grace
which is the same as all the other loser hb's out there who have no skills at anything other htan looking good
32 million views vs. 500 thousand views. What happens when you leave the darkside of the force
anyways, that's my rant
i should go to bed
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/410yg5/i_feel_degraded_and_horrible_when_girls_talk/
aww, he's like...16
I keep seeing HB
no idea what it means
its hot babe/hot bitch right?
if not I've been doing trp all wrong for a lot of years
"It's possible for ugly guys to have sexual relationships with very attractive women."
um...well
HB = hot babe
don't hold out hope buddy, lol
right
awk, he's only a babby. If he gets fit and keeps practicing social stuff he'll have a good shot with girls of equivalent attractiveness
what he has to do
is move to whitecastle
and find Saint Kate
and beg her anointment
When he's at uni
with a ritual blessing


there we are
http://imgur.com/gallery/ydHeZIW
im going to make a saint kate image for a term tomorrow
adorable bird
imma photoshop it and everything
im having too much fun
lol cake
Awwww susandeath 
I know right
 <dragoness> "It's possible for ugly guys to have sexual relationships with very attractive women."
it's true
you just have to pay
pay with your cock
In my experience, IDGAF can take you a long way regardless of facial deformities
not that my face is deformed
:D
http://i.imgur.com/vYG69Kh.png
lol, damn
Hahaha
LMAO
they made a white knight horror movie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKvKkxnALFE
I freaking LOVE her
no one can hear you.... m'lady
omg I have to see this, lol
awww
no youtube for me
damn fool clerks!
That promises to be delightfully cringey
so, I totally wanna see that now
okay. nobody cheat
how old is she?
Courtney Ford I mean
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41219o/i_28m_overheard_my_fianc%C3%A9e_27f_say_to_her_best/cyyyz2q
Like 26 maybe?
is this one of witzie's alts?
okay, anyone else wanna guess?
29
37
yep, she looks rich 37
which is regular 29
lolol
hehe
wait a goddamn second, its out already. 
Fuuuuck 37?
She looks amazing
I sort of get where she's coming from susandeath
I dunno
maybe for my sister
I had that kind of bond with my brother before the first of our many fallings out
J comes before at least 2 of my brothers
possibly the other 2 also
her wording was a) stupid and b) stupid as fuck
If we hadn't stopped hanging out due to stuff for a while then I would probably still be creepily codependent with him and single, haha
actually, there's no comparison 
you don't even love your family in the same way
and what is with all these dudes "ovehearing" their gf's saying shit to their bffs
today anyway
'Spying on' they mean
lol
poor dudes :(
one guy finds out his wife's a raging racist and now this poor man realizes he's background
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4114y2/its_do_or_die_time_for_me_29m_and_my_girlfriend/
I bet their girlfriends wouldn't be too happy to hear him talk to his friends about her either
for real
well this guy seems to be having a different problem
if it weren't so mean I'd prank my husband with some shit like this. "Yeah, Ashley,  little Mason is just like his dad...well, his real dad anyway"
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4114y2/its_do_or_die_time_for_me_29m_and_my_girlfriend/cyyshgs
ok
AWALT Alert AWALT alert whooo ooo ooo
'I totally love her but I don't actually and I want to bang someone else'
safe
vs fun?
por que no los dos you fcking moron!
although I kinda feel his pain
He should totally tell her exactly how he feels. Then she can choose her lucky escape
I will NEVER date another boring as shit guy
like obviously he doesn't have to be Chad Cliff diver but jesus
There's an equilibrium imo. A mundane life can be fun with someone who entertains you
true
I mean, I'm an intro but I have my limits
"I find myself wondering if I'd be happier with someone like her, someone who brings energy to the relationship in ways I don't have now."
yeah. like cucking!
trs excitant!
I read some interesting study about why men gets excited about gangbangs
apparently the sperm gets fucking crazy competitive
and so it raises the libido
or the other way around
this is something men get excited for? huh. TIL..
I mean in porn so to speak
ah
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4128ml/a_grocery_store_is_a_bad_place_to_meet_women/
not many men would want to have one with their LTR :D
I refuse to believe this is real
lol
"Where else to meet normal women??? I don't know. I thought a grocery store seemed like a safe place. I think modern dating has become pretty impossible"
lemme tell you, that wasn't ever really one anyones top 10 places to meet chicks list
*one of
who tries to meet people when you are food shoppig?
 good-looking girls who might be creeped out if a guy approaches them in an awkward way (Thanks, feminism!)
good-looking girls with their tall and/or dangerous-looking boyfriends (Thanks, feminism!)
how is it feminisms fault
that people just want to get their shopping done
and go home
and make food
femisism destroyed mens ability to fuck in the fruit-section!
man
:D
sucky feminism
yeah, thats the part that has me convinced he's bullshitting
I dunno
the room of a female incel http://i.imgur.com/VIdcisq.jpg
I like to thing that
but my cynisim levels are waaay up
Mashakos++
thats creepy as fuck
all those eyes
YES! way too many eyes
time for lunch
so there are tumblrina feminists who believe that effort and sacrifice are relative. In other words if you worked hard to be the best at what you do, you are "privileged". If you say that you had to make sacrifiecs, your suffering does not equate to that of a complete failure who is struggling to make a living.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4120gh/if_girls_dont_want_to_be_led_then_why_dont_they/
so this guy
does he maybe think its him
yes
its him
I find it very weird to be approached by women
shh
I have no idea what to do. My mind just goes into wtf-mode
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4120gh/if_girls_dont_want_to_be_led_then_why_dont_they/cyz0x7m
"This aint the way things goes down here"
you're not allowed to tell me that
only feminists
I would find this enfuriating if I did not keep in mind one fact. One day these tumblrinas will have to convince people to hir ethem in order to survive. That thought gives me a quiet sense of satisfaction.
no
they just get jobs in HR
there are only so many jobs in HR
the life boat can only take so many
hehehe
https://i.imgur.com/hzaJ4Hn.png
lol
that's who they will have to interview with in 10 years
Me.
I have found somehting scary
that I will definitely bring up at next month's staff meeting
eye tracking https://youtu.be/P9h9gWC7m9k?t=196
this is going to be brilliant!
YOU ALL SUCK!
hmmm
a girl just told me: "I hate that you're such a charming alcoholic"
I think I take that as a compliment
damned with faint praise
oh damn
I was in full crises mode last year and I didnt even get to enjoy it
"An unmarried woman at 35 is officially in crisis mode."
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2010/08/12/the-difficulty-of-gaming-women-by-age-bracket/
guys you better save up some money that crisis is coming for sure 
in a year or 2-3
i missed my full crises year
no breakfast simosas
so now I just get to be sad and I dunno grateful for crumbs of sex
O I meant a financial crisis
ooh
lol
hahaha
I didnt even know you could save up sex tokens
I think
that once you have had 4 partners
as a woman
all your sex tokens are used up
and now you are just a slut
I've never met a woman with a count less than 10
you must be meeting weird women lol
but then again, this is sweden
I know plenty below 10
o yeah makes sense
I think the avarage here for a 25 year old woman is probably 20-30
well atleast I hope that they are hot lol
this is sweden, so yeah
I lived in Ireland for 6 months a few years back
got home
had a boner for weeks
20-30
wow
thats a lot of sex
The supermodels of Ireland is basically our avarage woman here
when I was 25 I had 2
Everything is relative
well i only started at 24
I lost my virginity at 16
and I have never been super model hot
One of few things I disagree with RP is the slut-count
for me it's way waaay higher
but then again, the mother of my child is an ex-hooker so, I guess I have no morals :D
 morals shmorals
oh shit, cloverfield sequel trailer
you and saints are crazy dencrypt_ 
well, I've lived a fucked up life so I guess you become strange/crazy by that
drugs, alcohol, knife-fights, kidnappings, robberies
stuff like that :D
kidnappings?
yeah, I was kidnapped once
for ransom
damn
did they pay the ransom?
nah
or did you escape
or get rescued?
oh wait
I was growing weed in the wrong turf
you dont have to tell
but I am curious
and the mafia found out
:O
so they cut me up with a knife, robbed my place and kidnapped me and made my companion pay ransom
this as 8 years ago
wow
scary
did you think you were gonna die?
no, not really
I was scared shitless
but I never feared for my life
where do you live dud?
dude*
If my friend hadn't payed they would probably just put bullets in my knee-caps or something
Sweden
oh
just bullets in your kneecaps
no biggie
damn
I live in South Africa with a ridiculously high crime rate
and I have fewer scary experiences than you
I've been hussling since I was 15
even though the crime-rate is pretty low here, It's all about what you do and who you know
Sweden
what the fuck
Where in Sweden? I haven't heard about gangster shit going down there
Gothenburg
It actually went to trial eventually
But media never got to know about it
The thing about Sweden is that the public has NO fucking idea how much shit that's really going on here
AAaah a harbour city, probably one of the biggest ones in sweden
second biggest :)
No surprise shit is going down there
if you now can call a city big with only 500 000 citizens
I've lived in and around harbour cities in NL, lot of criminal shit going down
That's big for dutch standards lol
ah, I've always wanted to visit the Netherlands
never got to do it
Out biggest municipality is 825.000 citizens
too old for it now?
nah, but time. Got kid, job and shit that always ruins my plans nowadays
NL is great for kid
especially the last 2 years with a custody battle and shit
damn that sucks
you got divorce raped?
nah, never married
the whore took my son and refused to let me see him for no reason other than fucking with my mind
so I sued her
how is that shit in sweden? easy to get it in your favour instead of hers?
It's probably a little bit better than in some other countries
but the motherhood is a heavy weight
especially as she's been the caretaker
but the inquiry/investigation from the social service actually went by my claims and recommended to the court to let him be with me
but that's not written in stone. The final negotiations in court is on the 26:th this month
so we'll see
did you sue for sole custody?
dencrypt_> The thing about Sweden is that the public has NO fucking idea how much shit that's really going on here
what magical stuff happens in sweden?
susandeath: yeah
nice
PPDBot still here?
Holy shit
Was there fighting?
no
but I did find a radical muslim
http://imgur.com/gallery/bBmHiud
nice
So many people I know are having little babbies now. My baby rabies are kicking in.
yay bot
TheXanMan++
It's an ultrasound they use to assess the likelihood of chromosomal abnormalities.
Ah
Here's my advice
Don't listen to anyone's advice
Seriously
Unless you know you want it
Woo thx
Don't listen
True that
That's it
Yeah. So far so good.
The best answer is to say "I'll take that into consideration" when someone gives you some
My best friend had her first last April.
Nice
But she's an INTJ weirdo too so her advice has been very much non-prescriptive.
all that karma
And my mom's had her own battles to fight.
Good
Pregnancy advice is the worst
Bf's mom is kinda irritating sometimes but I know she's coming from a compassionate positive place.
So I just say "we'll see"
and leave it at that
Yup
The thing is what works for me won't necessarily work for you. I have even found what worked for me last week or even yesterday isn't working for me today. Things are in constant flux. 
.karma
Lovely internet points 
Yeh.
.karma
Make up your mind as to what you want and just smile at everyone else giving you advice
I figure it'll work out one way or another.
Yes
I'm not getting too attached to any plans.
Plans, heh
My brother is having his first in April
One advantage to getting pregnant later on: life has beaten that "I have control over things!" delusion out of ya. :p
Oooh! Exciting!
He's three years older than me so he is a little nervou
s
I told his wife the same thing
Do your own thing
I think everyone's probably at least a little nervous.
Brb BeyondTheLight
Sure, but he never thought he's have kids
My brother is having his first in May!
Nice
And he's 43
I wanted to have my work life figured out before I had babies.
We did the first picture of mom with baby thing. Usually you see those and the mom looks like she is in complete bliss. In mine I looked utterly terrified
lol.
My SIL is causing some drama with mom - told her to stop contacting her for a while.
Mine too
I was like, now what?
"What is this thing and why are you trusting me with it?!"
Fucking family dramas.
You want me to take it home?  AND YOUR GOING TO LET ME?
My bf's mom is feuding with both of his siblings atm.
Yucj
k
I'm not saying his siblings don't deserve it.
.kamra
.karma
But idk. It just seems so fucking petty.
I don't think she's talked to bf's older bro in years.
Older bro's wife is a fucking malignicunt of the highest order tho.
That's gotta be so hard.
We told them we were pregnant and her response, verbatim, was "eugh, I don't like children"
Yeah, I wasn't sure if my mom was just being butt-hurt, so i asked for the details (it was a chat) - she sent me a transcript, and the sil is being weird.
I was like "I'M NOT HAVING IT FOR YOU, BITCH"
lol
What is up blowing ?
malignicunt - lol
SIL is pregnant and probably a little crazy atm. I'm sure she'll come around.
Amazing
bf drove across country to help his bro and wife move out here.
The bitch took off work 2 weeks early to "pack".
They got there after 3 days solid driving
And she'd done sweet fuck all
:/
She'd just been getting drunk with her friends for 2 solid weeks
First loves are dangerous :p
You get attached to that romanticized ideal
And don't realize that your partner is actually a terrible human.
My brother was just sent on a 6 month mission (navy), so she's got to give birth all by herself.  My mom offered to visit her towards the end, or have her move in with her while he's deployed, but she just keeps getting insulted at everything.
Ah.
Ah, man lifterofthings.  That would make me so mad!
That sucks. Just tell your mom to stop taking things personally that aren't about her, imo.
She's just... the stories I could tell about this woman. She's literally the worst.
Aww.
She's saying things like "You clearly let me understand for last couple months that I am not part of your family and have to care about my self and my family just by myself. So there is one more relief to you that I will not ask about any help or support from you."  I don't know where she's getting these ideas from.  You think it's just from grief over being
apart?
Who cares. Obviously it's not rational
So it shouldn't be engaged as such.
Just be like "okay dear, well, let me know if you do need anything."
:)  I'll tell mom that
It's the RP "treat women like children" thing :p
Trying to be reasonable with an adult having a tantrum is a losing battle :p
Haha, yeah.  
Beunos Dias children 
Blowing is doing the no pants dance 
Over Skype 
Sexy
Rofl 
RedManBearPig: 
I am in the train and this dude is pretty much reading half of geert wilders manifesto 
Rofl
I think I'm mm when it comes to the wife and ml when it comes to the concubines
reading it out loud?
No just having a rant
I think he is druno
Its hilarious rofl
He is being your stereotypical "tokkie"
Oh fuck I'm on my phone.
do the mode thing
Mode thing?
quick
SerNemesis:  You're married?  Or just hypothetical
yay tokkies
(/ mode username +x)
I think you can just type it into the chat type place
Hypothetical lol
I'm not married and i won't be having concubines when do get married kol
That's what I thought. lol
I think it worked
So you're medium dominance yourself and want a medium dominant woman
Though if you count serial monogamy I might have "concubines" along the way to marriage
Thanks susandeath
no probs
Yup stingray
this male sperg on camilles thread is so fuckign annoying
links please
yeh now everyones running around saying theyr emedium
Someone who can handle her own shit but won't fight me for dominance
It is inevitable
It
s something new
and it makes sense
Most people are aren't they atlasb?
People need to suss it out
1:59 PM <@AtlasB> yeh now everyones running around saying theyr emedium
AtlasB++
Most people are LLL
SerNemesis: is LL 
imo
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/cyzcjlu?context=3
he's clearly low dominance 
and that sfine
so is SP
Yes
yes
dont cry
Agreed
Low relative to what?
High
Lol
Stingray++
I'm low.relative to high but high relative to low
SP <3 
so youre average? :D
Medium sms
Lol
medium done!
i too came out of the oven medium
look at my skin
Medium is just a way to make it more confusing
My idealized relationship is me saying "this is what we will do" and her helping me do it without me needing to micromanage
My bf won't talk to me because I was absentmindedly shaking change in my hand, he sort of turned around and stared so I went : D and continued shaking it and then he flipped his shit. Because of 30 seconds of change flinging.
If you're on the high end of low, then you're low
yeah AtlasB very spergy that guy
Annakmk good for him
annakmk: maybe he got freaked out by cray cray change shaking
I think I'm medium. But I can be high when I'm pissed.
Camille already said it was not a binary
Good for him?
Yes
i have a tendency to logicate and laugh when women get angry at me :/
Yes sunhappy
 It's not, but to put all those letters in with H and L is enough
youre idealized relationship is exactly that
To put in M, I wouldn't read it
call me when your pretty GF is crying
The difference between a 5 and 6 is miniscule
And between 4 and 5
so AtlasB if we are giving up the medium term
Yes stingray
Don't over think it
So we use more terms
am I high dominance?
No
To add nuance
Good gried
yes i think so
grief
 You know what you are
yeah
You use more terms and it just mucks it all up
Yes Susan death you seem high dominance
For everyone
susandeath is probably low maintenance
The only person that I'm low dominance with is my dad.
i think youre HL
And that's because he's the man.
who is HL AtlasB ?
I'm going to go around calling people medium
well I think J must also be H
oh yeah I am Low threshold
susan
Smartest dude I've ever known.
yeah AtlasB
12:03:24 <@AtlasB> call me when your pretty GF is crying
lol
If she cries doesn't that make her low?
And further back up my statement that i prefer medium?
no SerNem
it makes her a woman
women cry
its what we do
for all sorts of reasons
some good
and some not so good
Some more than others
SMS> susandeath is probably low maintenance ---> thanks SMS
That trper's gf who shot a guy cries a lot less than some hyperfeminine girl
you dont know that
Why don't you want low dominance SerNemesis?
youre the female equivalent of being able to get away with a can of WD-40 and some duct tape :3
she may involuntarily tear up when angry
Annakmk too much work
On my part
me SMS?
low dominance != hold her hand
WD-40 and duct tape 
I like it
The low dominance thing is more of a fantasy than an actual preference
I don't want to have to micromanage
low dominance doenst mean emotionally fragile though
No it doesn't but it is correlated sms
They want comfort
Emotionally fragile wants more comfort obviously
thats because emotionally fragile people cant dominate
they want comfort from *certain* people
Right
they want comfort in the relationship
emotionally fragile
I dont think low dominance women are necessarly emotionally fragile
when an emotionally fragile woman tries to dominate
you can be healthy emotionally 
it looks like BPD/NPD/etc.
and not be naturally dominant
also SerNemesis
I think you are misunderstanding low dominance women
they dont need to be micromanaged
they are not nitwits
they just dont want to be in charge
Right
i think katniss is a low dominance woman
but shes not fragile at all
my mom is low dominance
and she is not fragile
you can tease her and she doesnt give a shit
" The 3.5s-5.4s exhibit more alpha traits but their nature is that of a greater beta. These men are able to provide comfort and leadership as required in a relationship."
she is the toughest person I know
That sounds like me
I'm low dominance
My threshold is high
I thought that read dying 
" The 5.5 - 7.9s are lesser alphas, similar to greater betas, only they provide less comfort and their personalities are less feminine."
That might also sound like me
I'm better at provisioning than I am at comfort
are you emotionally fragile or a nitwit that needs to be micromanaged stingray
I love that Camille centered her scale at 5.5
Hah!  Well . . . . 
why SerNemesis?
Not like the stupid fiat-drok scale
oh is stingray being told what to write by her man
1-10 has center at 5.5
He stands over my shoulder all day
oh yeah
if a number stands for an actual thing
its like share numbers
well he must stingray
12:09:59 <+susandeath> they dont need to be micromanaged
Wait, why can't I access that page? Do I have to subscribe?
doesn't have to be 1-10. people often use 0
I can't type otherwise
Stingray++
Then I'd say the category is too broad
why?
so we can center it on 5 if we include 0
if an adult needs to be mircomanaged
that is a problem in the adult
E.g. Natalie needed a lot of micromanagement
why though?
is he trying to make her something she is not?
No
Well
so why does she need mirco management?
He wanted to make her fit
Instead of fat
And she was complaining that he elected her to get fit etc. on her own
people get fit cause they want to
with no support
Instead of helping her by giving her mealplans etc.
thats not the same as micro managing
and fat people
need help with menues
otherwise
She wanted to get fit, just wanted him to micromanage
they wouldnt be fat
well 
I say thats her
Okay call it what you want
I don't want to do that
and she cant be the defining example of what a low dominance woman is
I mean sure
there are adults that need micro managing 
I'd say she is lower dominance than stingray
and I think thats on them
not a dominance thing
I dunno
any one else wanna weigh in
Is stingray a mommy moo cow?
its just not how I see it
my mom is
she had 6 kids
stayed at home
and raised
us
What's a mommy moo cow?
Fat?
she is non confrontational
she is plesant and submissive to my dad
but she runs the household finances
That's pretty much me
I'm easy going
I'd call that medium dominance
and got my dad and her into a comfortable retirement
I dont
Ye cats with the medium
There are much less dominant and much more dominant women out there
It's not binary
Figure it out
Then apply it to what works in the terms given
12:18:10 <Stingray> It's not binary
yeah
exactly
That is why I fucking added a third term
Geez
Good thing you don't comment at RPW
It's tedious
Obviously
Women who are low dominance are non confrontational, empathetic, sensitive, and accommodating. In essence, they are feminine, not only with their men but in their everyday lives, automatically. They can be doormats, passive, weak, and insecure if they do not learn how to prioritise themselves first instead of others.
that describes my mom
and never has she needed to be micro managed
and she is also
not emotionally fragile
That describes me
I had to work at being stronger
It took a long time
I would say my sister is like that too
I don't think I was ever emotionally fragile
they both had to learn to prioritise themselves after they had kids
I have been emotionally fragile at points
and I have never been low dominance
I think low dominance women are more bending
Y'all are taking Camille's post super personally
The guys I mean
no I think we are 
They don't break as easily
trying to understand and apply
like willow trees stingray
Define break
Yes
my dad once told me to be like a willow tree
I think that is a fairly apt description stingray
learn to bend with the wind
Define breal:
instead of fighting it
That's hard
Right
Let's see
its very hard
If my husband has had a bad day at work
12:20:50 <Sunhappy> Y'all are taking Camille's post super personally
No
We are doing the typical rp sperg thing
And fleshing out the definitions
And he comes home grumpy 
SerNemesis++
and he is terse with me
I don't fight back, I don't get angry
I don't get sad 
I take it in stride
see I had to learn how to do that Stingray
Because it has nothing to do with me
with /j
Everything has to be categorized in its proper place
Right
*J
I didn't break my emotions
There is a great quote about landau about that
I'm the same Stingray 
cause I used to get upset at that kind of thing
All the high dominance women in my life did not know how to deal with that
its taken some time
not in the way you do stingray
At least externally
and even then I dont always get it right
RMBP we have to learn how to deal with it
I may worry in my head
It took me a while as well to learn to internally deal with it, but externally it never really changed
I know
But I don't externalize it to r
Now it's nothing
What would that mean in terms of Camille's theory?
still low dominance
My inside and outside world is very different
oh gish the internalising
typical intro thing sunhappy
J has depression
Hmm
and I totally internalised that 
I would say in a sense 
I "broke"
I had to go get my own help and meds for a bit
When my worlds fuse, I hate it
I didnt even realise I was doing it
until it was a bit late
I nearly lost my job
strong empathy
too strong
for my own good
I've done that before
But it's not equal
For everyone
how do you mean?
I don't give a fuck about most people
Oh
Even people in my circle.
well I tend to care about all people on a certain level
sunhappy, I don't think you are LL
but I only internalise the pain of a very select few
like you said
I assign value to like a support minute group and then give a fuck about then
That's why we love you susan
Otherwise I'd burn out. It's deliberate
aww
Really witzie?
RedManBearPig 
no
Why not
you seem HH or LH 
but definitely xH
you seem to really require a dominant man
High threshold? Hmm
no I thing witze meant Hx
you need high dominance
I guess but too dominant makes me burn out
not necessarily all the way dark triad high
isn't the second one the threshold?
but like high beta
I mean xH 
arent there 3
man woman threshold?
I think she's HH with secondary LH characteristics 
I'm talking about only her
not her current relationshipo
oooh
ok yeah
I do like dominant men yes
Sunhappy: I do the same thing with people.
Purposefuly
It's too much otherwise
this is the most bullshit thing I've ever read 
http://www.vox.com/2016/1/15/10767904/islamophobia-immigrant-america
I can come across as very cold
What would you think I am witzie 
"Lamya H is a queer Muslim writer living in New York City. Her work has appeared in Salon, Black Girl Dangerous, Autostraddle, the Islamic Monthly, and Tanqeed. She is a Lambda Literary Fellow 2015"
so she's muslim enough to wear hijab 24/7 and not take it off for security officials
but not muslim enough to be heterosexual?
gay sex = A OK, free hair = grave sin
BeyondTheLight: You're LL
well, L 
Eww
since men only get one
right
okay so i've read more carefully through the Camille post
so I see what the issue is
Stingray: do you feel weird being your full self to others?
Even those close to you?
Yes
guess most men in chat are L really
never do it
Only to my H
Camille's categorizations are based on simplicity and utility
for women
I just gotta share this with you guys
http://matadornetwork.com/life/20-funniest-dutch-expressions-use/
To be fair thats probably true witzie 
it was written for women SerNem
Being my complete self scares me
but from a broader categorization perspective i'd separate out lower betas (say 1-2 on her scale) and lump them in with omegas (who aren't on her scale because she is only concerned with attractive men)
I am okay with a lot of shit
For you or other people?
there's nothing wrong with being L BeyondTheLight 
and i think the female scale needs to be fine tuned more
better husband material 
I'm good with me.  I'm not good with other people knowing me
right witzie
I am joking lol witzie 
I feel that it's hard to reconcile my many views and ways to process
So there's that
I am not seeking to be a crazy mobster
I don't understand
Sorry
BTL wants to be the high D
I have too much fto for that
Reconcile with whom?
And then most people want to box me in so I just feel unwilling to open up at all
Reconcile with myself
you can still be high dominanc without being a mobster jackass
Ah
How old are you?
Like I am very conservative about some things but very liberal about others
RedManBearPig: fight me :)
Haha
27
I was like that when I was young.
I wil
But now any more at all.
I haven't been in a fight in ages, I miss it
I'm good with me
Settled in
okay Stingray AtlasB and witzie
That's good
I want to get to that point
If your young, I think you'll settle in
using the camille scale what would you categorize the mythical 50s relationship that so many RPW newbies seek?
Ha RedManBearPig mierenneuken is a great expression
or the "surrendered wife" relationship
12:35 PM <Stingray> I was like that when I was young.
I love it myself
Get off my property.
LLL or HLH SerNemesis 
both valid
I just wish I didn't care what people thought about me so much
I was just like that.
It takes practive
cause i thought that the genius of camille's categorizations was that it would show not everyone has to have that kind of a relationship
practice
they dont SerNemesis there are a lot of compatible combos
LLL, HLH, HHH, LHL 
Oh still talking about that HLHLHLLHLHHHH thing
I'm trying to relax. Changed careers, not spiritual, etc
the last one isn't RPW compatible
Very confusing for me
Sure, but I think a lot of women want to fit in
but the other 3 are
They want to be the ideal so they try to fir themselves into that
and the last one is compatible in general 
it just isn't rpw
but now that i look at it i don't see any slot in her categorizations to distinguish between normal relationships and surrendered wife relationships
They don't understand that the ideal is what works for them
I just had a conversation with blowing about this. "High dominance" seems to have too many definitions
goddamnit the fucked up "ver van mijn bed show"
that's not how the expression is used
When I think high dominance female I think a fucking extro psychopath
Hahaahh
But then people say it could just be someone teasing you or testing yu a lot
They did right?
Very confusing
Oh no extro!!
muahahahaha
one of the most compatible irl couples I know is very extreme LHL 
they are extremely in love
Same with men. High dominance to me is criminal warlords who smack their women in the face when they talk
That's how I like em protopill
Not just a guy who's coy
she's very much the boss and dominant 
Lol protopill 
Sunhappy: You need to decide what it is that you want, where you fall in the world and be ok with that/
he depends on her for everything
You need to understand that not everyone is going to agree with you and maybe not even like you and that is ok
protopill in my observations dominant extro females are a lot easier to dela with than dominant intros
I've decided I hate that word now
they've been together for 30 years
Dominance
Hate it
It's too vague
Yeah protopill 
ppl are reading high dominance to mean anythign they want
the extros are all bluster
Thats my image too
the intros are diabolical
Like am I dominant when I smack down some nub on Reddit?
Or when I win a case?
lets remove dominance from the dictionary protopill
Or is it only when I smack a bitch?
dominance is the self directed drive to leadership
You are super-dominant then protopill!
Good idea susandeath
see
in our context
right
then I guess in that context I am high
in this context i was reading "dominance" as "assertiveness and agency"
Hmm
Then
Aren't all extros dominant
camille specifically says thats not it
I keep saying that I want to not lead at work
but then
no protopill
Self directed leadership is surely entj
I keep putting myself into situations
ENTJs yes
where I am leading
But I don't feel "dominate"
not ESFPs
ESFP?
Like some criminal
ESFP1?
party girls aren't dominant
thats super high dominant
necessarily
no actually they are
Most men have the drive to lead
damnit I want my funny picture
party girls ar eusually the dominant in her female group
Regardless of mbti
yep
okay some are
this isnt necessarily an mbti thing
I know RMBI I dont have a funny pic for my type either
but there are plenty of low dominance party girls too
I'm not ESFP lol
its not Atlas
but
mbti
the irc holy grail
there was a superfunny picture yesterday
Mbti comforts me
Then I know who I can hate
And lord over
lol
And who gets to go in my tree house
who do you hate protopill?
#intjmasterrace
you are ENTJ right?
Paragraph writers usually
Get to me
You mean
Or whatever the fuck that vampire lady is
Paragraphic
She's absolutely insane
Paragraphic?
Her and wombat
Are fucking nuts
what is your type protopill?
Entj the god among extros
I get into your treehouse then
I am ESTJ
Of course
Ehhhhh
I enforce the rules
Idk
I guess
At least you're not a feeler
thing CEO and COO
*think
:(
the problem is that you don't just have "dominant" and "not dominant"
Lol Sunhappy
Feelers are cool!!
but something that is stronger than "not dominant"
"submissive" isn't the right word for it
deminant
but "follower" or something
I vote for a new  word
right
first mate.
LOL
Kidding
Deferent?
no
deminant
not dominant
not submissive
Sounds aspie
demi-dominant
deferant maybe yeah
a non high dominance man doesnt require to lead
he can be a teak player
or an employee
teak?
oh team
team
see i can be a team player
i have trouble being an employee
AtlasB: I'm just trying to reconcile the HLH one and the LLL one
he can handle lots of other ppl around who can tell himwhat to do
R likes to make ideas and lead that, but not oversee implementation
intj right?
i can be equals with people
Cause I mean I'm not an employee type
SerNemesis
What is that?
but when they start being my boss :(
But then the LLL one is appealing
my h literally cannot be told what to do
not even for money
high dom ppl tend to have to be independnet contractors
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/1KvQVEzW/
or entrepenuers
Makes sense
then again 
Hmm
this can kind of apply to SP
lol
right by that metric i'm high dominance
thats why they can also be criminals
R loves military
witz yes
but we're very LLL in relationship
SerNemesis: see that's my issue too
Structure
but i don't need to boss everyone around
im not sure hes supe rlow dom
By that metric every business man is high Dom
He's not a high Dom guy
its expresse din his marching to a diff drummer
yeah maybe not AtlasB 
he leads himself
he's very chill 
liek me
but he does his own thing
like my dad
yeh
but he's very nice
perfect bf 
Aw
left up to my own devices i just lead myself around and am very self willed
but he wouldn't let himself be abused 
like the betas described by trp
i cant work on a team
like it couldn't happen to him 
no
he does his own thing
hes not supplicating
I can work on my own thing
as part of a team
like
hes a classic artist type
no
thats wrong
I cant
I must do all the work for a team project
high dom men are driven to lead
to command
when doing a team project or a project for someone
just to use minecraft as our mini usinvese or here
drok is high dom
i need to have ownership
i.e. some part of hte project that is exclusively mine
drok took o ver security
that i can work on without interference
drok made minecraft go
and then i do it
 yeah SerNem I know what you mean
he did it because its him
i can't work "with" others
or work with interference from the boss
I like to report on my work
liek I have weekly meetings
and I tell my partner everything that is happening in my work
12:47:50 <@witzie> but he wouldn't let himself be abused 
12:47:54 <@witzie> like the betas described by trp
but
right see this is why we need the medium dominance category
its a check point for me
to make sure i dont miss stuff
but I do it
and have the say on how
right
lucky
I managed to find a job that lets me do that
camille laid out a number scale
It's a spectrum SerNemesis 
Go with the numbers SerNemesis 
See I'm a 8-9/4/8-9
There you go
What are you?
Stingray you're HLH?
Yes
HMM
Ha!
NO
I have a low tolerance for dominance
theres a reason theres no medium
I'm maybe 5/5/5
Yes
and an extremely off the charts high tolerance for weirdness
Sorry I meant hmm
youre all trying to be medium because of your egos
Yes
I would live in a warehouse for the right guy
sern youre low dominance
4-6/3-5
spinning conspiracy theories
if he was nice to me
and interesting
I'm sometimes dominant just not in relationships
It does' flipping matter about the medium
it has nothing to do with ego
it has to do with categorizing things accurately
sunhappy your obsession with your own feelings make syou high dominance
But I'd love to be submissive and just relax in my relationship. Getting there <3
Hmm
you cant be submissive becaus eof your feelers
you cant be selfless
youre utterly self absorbed
thats high dominance
But I don't act that way with R 
AtlasB++
send me video
lol atlas
i don't care for bossing people around
of you and him from a third person perspective
That's why I was curious if this only worked with behavior or actual thought pieces
but i don't like being bossed around either
Process I mean
then youre nto dominant
sern
youre low dominance
sure
you dont break rules
you play by the book
youre not compelled tolead
SerNemesis: is high sexiness
That rocket scientist status
Rofl
i expect people to do the right thing without me having to tell them to do it
that's me
aka low
and i get mad at them when they don't
hm hm hamster hamster hamster
protopill: will he low dominance because I will lead our bar enterprise and decide on the scale to rate women with
who is a hamster RMBP?
I did that at first SerNemesis, but that is pointless
yeah BeyondTheLight 
So I just tell people what to do because otherwise they wont
i'm in the acceptance phase now
i tell them to do it
not cause i enjoy telling people what to do
but cause i know better
:D
Right
RMBP is high dominance
drok
protopill
it's not leadership due to high dominance
Otherwise no shit gets done
Firion?
yeah
AtlasB: so would it be LHL? 
firion yeh
?
I thought so
high dominance drok
i dont know if R is L
I don't know those guys enough to know if they're high dominance
I don't know about RMBP
or firion
he is gonna take over the world
RMBP witzie
RMBP def
and drok
firion talks like high dom
drok is high dominance probably
but i dontknow him
definately
you're all trying to be exceptions when you're not, the real exception is boscop 
Drok yeah
who is just weird
drok acts liek my h with nica
what is protopill?
and kind of like SP
like really specific things
liek the shower thing lol
hahahaha
haha
how is trying to be medium trying to be exceptions?
i'm almost done with this permissions btw
I think firion is high dom
yes
he and I chat fairly often
oh cool drok yay
and its the feeling I get
intjs have a resoluteness
that approaches a form of dominance
but its a laid back introverted internal self dominance
an internal willfullness
yeah AtlasB 
Are all intj women high Dom?
its not other directed
right AtlasB 
I identify with that
but say I'm L
but it resists submission to others
my high dominance is very ENTJ like
AtlasB> but its a laid back introverted internal self dominance
11:01 PM <AtlasB> an internal willfullness
I think I would walk away from a relationship dynamic before trying to dominate it 
gosh that is sooo J
it would just be too annoying 
yeah witzie
like i know  a moment in my life
and I'm internally strong enough
Same
ikr
the story i told
I think I  probably low dom yeah
to just "meh" my way away
where i wouldnt admit to my mom i had this perfume on me
she could smell
I was pinged?
she couldnt believe i wouldnt admit it
she pulled the car over
and literally beat me all over the car
we said you were dom RMBP
and will be world leader
saying just admit you have the perfume
and i refused
i let her beat me
Sounds stubborn
Good Lord you sound like my daughter
AtlasB: 
she literally beat me out of disbelief
that i wouldnt admit it
lol
That is exactly how she is
so is a mommy moo cow high dominance or low dominance?
It's maddening
not related
could be either
ah
okay
probably HL
i think i'm starting to understand this
What in the world is mommy moo cow?
Lol
you have gun molls and mommy moo cow
i have to go get food i cant expliaan moo cow vs gun moll
two different kinds of women
some one elsle do it
i was probably conflating dominance with masculinity
lol
no
the gun moll is invested in her man too dangerous levels 
the mommy moo cow is more invested in the family
Thank you
yeah that makes sense
This is all so confusing
tell me where it starts to confuse you sunhappy
Just when I thought I "got" RP 
I think this is new layer
ikr Sunhappy 
Trying to understand the consensus definition on dominance
Per gender
Before applying it
oh yeah
okay i think i agree with camille's categorization
And how that fits into other theories or my own personal views on my relationship
I know how you feel sunhappy
the only thing is that i disagree that omegas fall off the scale
i think omegas are LH
nah
Omegas aren't attractive
intjs tend to be LL probably
like me
HHH marriage lol "Goodfellas Karen Wake up Henry  Scene" on YouTube (https://youtu.be/p4vuCfuFjDI)
I just got an idea of submission vs deferential
oh man
"Your Dominance Level (DL) measures your natural tendency to assume the lead, exercise authority in interactions, and display other alpha male traits. For the purposes of this post I will use a scale of 1 - 10 to discuss DL, with 10 representing the maximum possible level of dominance one can have. A 1 on the scale represents pure beta, not omega
characteristics, as we are only discussing attractive men here."
I'm reliving a past now seeing that scene
i'm LL
Yes
lesser betas and omegas tend to be LH
they aren't off the scale
1 means he doesn't want to dominate
by the way AtlasB. 10 Cloverfield Lane
Hyped!
it's a trait that omegas and many betas share
your own dominance is a measure of how much you control the other person
how much you tend to
Sooooooo
your preferred dominance is is how much you want the other person to control you?
no?
correct afaik
That's just for men
(morning)
morning
e.g. AtlasB's h is HL
AtlasB is HH
so she can submit to him once he dominates her
I am HL
I would say J is LL
sounds about right
hey cakeforallofyou 
but not a doormat
and I am on the low end of the H scale
R is LH. I consider myself LL
LH?
you mean HL?
Huscat is L, I'm LL, it works
you have a low threshold to dominance?
Sunhappy: R dominantes but doesn't like being dominated right?
sunhappy
I think I'm low Dom low threshold. R is Dom, high threshold
(we're at the higher levels of L but whatever apparently mediums are not tolerated)
apparently cakeforallofyou lol
I deffo have a L threshold to dominance
Sunhappy, if R has a high threhshold, then that means he wants you to be more dominant? afaict?
hmmm
cakeforallofyou: weirdly enough, no. He didn't
Doesn't
i think this is why it's a 3-number-scale rather than a 4 number scale.
AtlasB: husband isn't HL.  he doesn't want a low dominance woman.  He is HH
yeah
He prefers being in charge and having his so defer to his leadership
AMALT means all men are XL
Right
man you people are starting to hurt me brain
well actually no
All H men are HH
you reckon? Some are probably HL
*HL
I disagree
sorry
right.
i'm getting ahead of myself
I disgree
also disagree
there are no HH men
I also disagree
Same
are we disagreeing with a typo?
and there are no HL women
??????????
cakeforallofyou++
lol
there are definitely HL women. They're not redpill but thy exist
what are you talking about
there are definitely HL women
do they get attracted though cakeforallofyou?
And HH man
have you literally never seen a female led relationship?
men witzie
or are they just HH women in disguise
HL men 
and HH men
SerNemesis, maybe? I don't know, it's not my thing, but i imagine so.
kind of like AtlasB
I say there are both
one of the nicest irl couples I know is LHL 
VERY strong LHL
can you explain a bit more about them, witzie ?
been married for decades 
have a 12 year old daughter
of course AWALT is not to be taken literally
she's very socially dominant, so much social stuff revolves around her
she walks in a room and controls the dynamic of everything
And AtlasB has said time and again that he H doesn't tolerate L women.
he's very meek and hangs by her side 
doeshe get regular sex?
She tried it and he hated it
actually, you know what, my in laws were LHL I think. but the H was my narcissistic mother in law so who knows.
they're very affectionate, she kisses hima ll the time
and giggles and flirts with him
Stingray: she is L towards him
she doesn't argue with him
Toward him
or try to dominate him
But she is not L
he depends on her for everything
but only him
because he has brain tumors
and only ins a certain manner
can't drive or work
right susandeath 
he's basically a  man sunnie 
like she isnt what you think is submissive
HHH makes more sense than LHL to me, but ymmv
or a buartha
he's a buartha
but i think the "preference" is more about how you want your partner to act towards you
and he adores her
not about how they naturally act
towards others
And when AtlasB submitted to him, he absolutely hated it
She's said it many time
s
Theory aside, I enjoy our dynamic now
okay now i'm totally confused
yeah stingray
how is their dynamic anything but him bossing her around
not "submitting" sure
but him dominating
you are missing soo much nuance
she defers in a manly way
and gets girly when that might be the end of her
You don't really do nuance do you?
think Magneto and that blue chick
the one that changes bodies
mystique
You try to tick boxes and it's not going to work
its that kind of relationship
if we're gonna add nuance we should add the mediums
yeah 
lol
mystique
i do think captain/first mate will still work for surrendered wives in HHH relationships
the hamster is strong with you today SerN, no hate mate.
!#$*!@&@
yeah cake
(as an analogy)
i'm trying to flesh out the definitions
cakeforallofyou++
I get what you are doing
as i said, huscat and I are LLL but really MM
or at least understand them
MMM
hey if there are any techincally minded people here
cause right now i don't understand them
yo.
is there a way to find out what websites an email address is linked to?
what do you mean linked to?
as in susandeath?
look at the website after the @
no like as in
you could do a search of whois records to see if it's associated w a domain
?
what websites i have signed up to using an email address
no
oh, more like facebook?
privacy reasons
i'd just search your email histories
yeah that is your best bet
ok thanks
so is high dominance about dominating or can it also include deferring like a man?
could be both i guess?
being as deferring is an action rather than a trait
right
so you could still defer while having the H trait
Yes
(which i think is what's happening in AtlasB 's relationship)
ah
This is exactly what is happening in AtlasB her relationship
right that's what i figured
That makes sense
(poor AtlasB is going to be pinged a thousand times because we keep using her as an example)
so the difference between an HH man and a HH woman is that the HH man wants someone who is dominant and he wants to successfully dominate her whereas an HH woman wants someone who is dominant and successfully dominates her in-spite of her natural dominance?
makes sense
Yes
Yes!
Hmm
okay took a bit of socratic work but now hopefully i have a handle on this
If he can't successfully dominate her then he knows she doesn't respect him
And she can only respect H
SerNemesis++
That Goodfellas scene.
thanks susandeath 
So much RP
:)
but wait
i will state something and see if people agree
ok
i would argue that the extreme surrendered wife types are LHs
yeah
Sure
I would agree
okay good
yay
yay
Still confused
less extreme 50s is more LL
Yes
Zing
bonsoir 
It was the xL's who probably liked the book, whatever it was, the problem with no name stuff.  Friedan?
you missed all the fun!
Noooo
because LH expect their men to be masculine.
Betty Friedan?
Domniant
sweyn banned again?
ZingMaster
who is cakeforallofyou ?
no this was good fun
I don't know, who wrote that damn book about the problem with no name
so high effort aggresively dominant will tend to be HH
Australian RPW BTL
dont think so ZingMaster 
she is nice
lol aw damn! missed good fun
but if he was banned
while low effort dominant will tend to be HL
My h would like to have an ll the problem is is that ll women cannot handle age men being around eight men deformed their personality and make them very reactive in a way that angers the aged man which causes the aged man to get meaner and meaner and colder and colder which makes the LL woman act crazy here and crazier and they drive each other crazy I give
you Sonny's husband and her
he will unbanned soon lol
as always
we were discussing Camille's post on RPE
*RPW
and nondominant would be LL
submissive will be LH
holy autocorrect AtlasB 
H VLN ll means that the woman cannot tolerate a high level of dominance it has nothing to do with what the man wants
God dammit
lol i think i can decipher that
The LL woman has very little tolerance for male dominance
yeah
An archetypal low dominant woman who can handle a high dominant man is Edith bunker
thats the second L right?
Edith bunker is LH
AtlasB would a HL have a higher tolerance for mens dominance than a LL?
is archie all that H though?
archie bunker not architect
lol
hm
No sudan
That's the worst
For H man
yeah they'll kill each other
ooh
ok
well then I think given how well J and I work
Low tolerance and desire for dominamce
he must be a Low dominance
is griddy HH?
I am most definitely HHH
ofc 
yeah Architect 
too alpha
:P
5alfa4me
HH Architect 
unless you got a gf
I like how his "yeah" is both acknowledgement and condescension
Well played
Dreaded to max
rofl
well I can see how you're xxH because you like hardbodies
I mean, who needs girlfriends
They are 2015
lol
I don't live in the past
I just 3 way them
Architect++
Men don't have to initials only want a low tolerance for other forms of dominance around them is implicit in male dominance
Low dominance doesnt necessarily correlate to being a doormat right?
unless I am reading things wrong?
No it does not Camille specifically addresses this
I thought so
its the leading thing right
So she also said that it's true that ll women are in danger of being doormat if they don't learn to care for themselves at least a little
well yeah thats true
It's easier for an L woman to be a doormat,
It doesn't make it so
I think some L guys do it too
just by being L
just in a different way
like J
L guys easily to become doormat
he subordinates what he wants 
for what he THINKS I want
so he doormats himself
not for me
I dont ask that
he puts thoughts in my head
R is an L for sure
That's the definition of being a beta male
on his own
and does stuff
its frustratingh
my parents have left 5litres of wine out
he totally cockblocked himself once
I can't see how it's possible that R is L you do not describe him as a beta male at all
and she is hot
Really?
Does he supplicate and given to you if he constantly worried about your feelings and putting you first I don't understand how you were expressing him as L
and then J tried to blame me for it
and I went
but wait
yeah
I think you're trying to jam yourself into the category that you like
you said you were gonna hit that 'I thought it was all agreed
I guess I don't think of him as high dominance because my only other examples is my ex, who was so much
Does he supplicate and given to you if he constantly worried about your feelings and putting you first I don't understand how you were expressing him as L
GOSH AtlasB
Which me and Camille discussed as a danger of this article given woman's penchant for doing this
J was so much this 4 years ago!
High dominance to me is like... Makes me uncomfortable with his masculinity vs low Dom where I'm more comfortable with it,?
ex was definitely L 
J is learning to self-care
like this weekend
No he doesn't ever do that AtlasB 
he toook time for himself
because he needed it
3 years ago
he would have seen me anyway
Idk. I will refrain from labeling my relationship again until I know better
13:44:03 <@AtlasB> Does he supplicate and given to you if he constantly worried about your feelings and putting you first I don't understand how you were expressing him as L
and then resented me for it
that's extreme L
It's not the point but what why what you're comfortable with its defined by their behavior
Does it work for you Sunhappy ?
more LH than L
Yeah I'm comfortable for sure!
LL doesn't mean supplicating
Then you're good.
It doesn't matter
And it does work for me. Brb
If you're L you have that as your basic nature it doesn't mean that you're always in a constant state of beta supplication but it is your basic nature the way she described the R that is absolutely not his basic nature
yeah 
I agree AtlasB
he sounds H the way she describes him
Ll is for women and it is suffocating ll women supplicate and apologize and diminish themselves everybody stop talking but me
if I am thinking about my J and her descriptions of R
not the same
at all
yeah R sounds H
mhm
maybe less crazy
and sunhappy is either LH or HH
less likely to live in the woods
He's lovely. High beta former alpha
Whatever that is
What it is is lovely.
AtlasB: is there a difference between a woman who has a high dominance threshhold vs a high weirdness threshold? 
If you can't put a name to it, don't
I have no idea which categories it'd be
I think my weirdness threshhold is abnormally off the charts
but I have a low dominance threshhold
witzie  I think we should call it HWF
high weirdness factor
I'm low until I'm in a corner. Then I'm a total twat. 
I think eccentricity is more closely correlated to alpha than beta, witzie 
probably related forms of the same thing
yeh
dunno how it correlates to dominance though
eccentricity is crazy for rich people
I like eccentricity
Go ovals circular orbits are boring
yeah witzie, hyperbolas all the way
yeah fiat dont become a asian stereotype
i think my high dom threashhold started as a high weirdness threchhold
fiat++
haha
https://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/comments/413bte/lpt_dont_tell_your_friends_about_every_fallout/ 
Always nice to see good advice in other places
Fiat++
I saw that earlier. This should be drilled into kids at an early age
you are who you are fist
Never stop
.seen nerdyqt
:\
dont give witzie more power than she already has!
#downwiththeauthority!
it's too late
she's been promoted to gatekeeper of souls
All right all.  I have to go.  I've done very little today and must get to it!
Take care!
yeah fiat I agree
that spergs gwine ter get hisself benned
on rpw
ban him
he 
annoyed me
Who
hah the chinese guy is making math jokes
hes getting into it with temp
shell benn him
hahah
#redpillwomen ?
no on the sub
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/cyz9ho5
oh beliefeditor
I still don't get guys being all over RPW
like gorillas smacking their chests
is it mostly mrp and bp males?
that's all i noticed being linked
I sometimes think
just maybe
they maybe have more reason to care because they're more likely invested in ltrs?
yes its betas an dmrps
once a week we erase a pedestalization post
or
its the terpsplainers
who think theyre big cock of the henhouse
yeah I  have seen them
they have this
"oh the little woman" attitude
"madame Gaston, his little wife'
fiat: what i meant was that a scenario with a high dominance man and a high dominance woman who wants a high dominance man automatically assumes that the man is the dominant one
theoretically, a woman could want a dominant man, but still want to dominate over him
yes, theoretically, and i accepted that
note that i said HHL would make it more likely to fit your scenario
because then she's less tolerant of the male dominating
no, because HHL assumes that the woman wants a low dominant man
in your HHH scenario she's more likely to tolerate the man dominating
it doesn't matter what she wants
you said the man has to be dominant and the woman is also dominant
but in the relationship she's the dominant one
all it has to be is HHx to fit your criteria
HHL makes it a bit more likely 
HHL means they will be fighting for dominance
HHH may mean that she might not even fight in the first place
because she's more likely to accept him as H
my problem is with the assumption that a woman will be the one who yields
in an HHH relationship
AtlasB ping
the fact that a man and a woman are both high dominance doesn't imply that the man will be the dominant one
fiat: i said "theoretically, a woman could want a dominant man, but still want to dominate over him"
so HHL doesnt fit that scenario
because it assumes that a woman wants a low dominant man
filozof: here is what you wrote:
10:38 AM <filozof> can't there be a relationship with a high dominance woman and a high dominance man
10:38 AM <filozof> where the woman dominates
That is in Pacific time
well, ok
I swear internet arguments are slowly turning me intj. 
brb going to go chill
and meditate
what I really meant was that the relationship would be one where the man accepts the woman's dominance
before i turn into a sperg, i can't believe we were arguing over such minor detail
lol
like in atlasb's relationship, she doesn't question his husband's dominance
well too late on the sperg part, but i can at least stem the progression
her husband's*
fiat++
from what I've seen, the assumptions are as follows - if a woman has a dominance level equal or lower than a man, she submits, otherwise she dominates
I think those are the assuptions being made
because they fit in with RP theory
that's why high dominance woman with a high dominance man is assumed to submit
but when she's high dominance and the man is low dominance, he submits
yes
https://archive.today/GFCan/b57b67777dee68c22f2d6084bc75677c651e191c.jpeg
yeah and RP says those relationships end up sucking for the man
its the whole beta bucks thing
because apparently, men are natural leaders
not all
and can't submit to women
no
thats not what they are saying
men can
the assumpotion is
that a dominant man
makes a better leader
when did btutansalt come to think he was an RPW mod?
i think RP means that men by nature should lead women
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/414dp2/a_book_report_on_the_surrendered_single_by_laura/cyzr1b0
because he takes care of the woman
and that 
and if they submit, it ends badly
a dominat womane
does not take as much care of the mans needs
so it ends badly
the whole idea of beta bucks is a L man submitting to either a H woman
or an L woman
camille PhantomDream 
and then for different reasons it doesnt work
the L woman mommies hiom
and loses attractio9n
the H woman dorrmats him
beta bucks means she uses him for money
FA:  FurAffinity / ForeverAlone
and affection
and loses attraction
these people are weird
thats the theory as I understand it
but pok AtlasB
"All terms before the slash are my misinterpretations. "
she knows it better
so you say FA
the whole idea of beta bucks is that the woman feels no sexual attraction to the husband
has no respect
yeah
and BP assumes you are talkng about furries?
yeah
BP they are weird drok
What?
Does he work with the automod feature in general on reddit?
That's the only thing I can think of
filozof yes BB does imply this and the dominance thing is part of that
otherwise it's very strange
if a L woman is forced to dominate
when she has no natural inclination for it
i guess yeah, in a beta bucks relationship the woman doesnt respect the husband
she loses respect
so she doesnt let him dominate
if he doesnt step up
she may find herself doing it
that s why MRP
tries to teach men how to step up
to be honest her
*here
I am trying to answer your questions from a RPW prespective
so I may get stuff wrong
and I dont fully buy it all myself
i think the epitome of betaness was Lester Nygaard from Fargo
in the beginning of the show
I havent seen that
i cringed so hard when i watched him
could one of the rpw mods conceivably be an alt account of his?
intj?
jhahah
i guess this could be the alternative definition: http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/duty_calls.png
yeah
Xkcd retards
oooo... what a scandal witzie 
why?
Well
I like Xkcd
How strange.  My first thought was that he forgot which subreddit he was on, if he's a mod for another.  But that's not likely with the content of the post
Their free speech comic comes to mind
oh
As well as the fedora figure
And the pua strip
I think it makes sense the free speech on
myu favourit is the sheeple
Nah
not only that kittenkajira but he knows that there were other posts like it so he would know that he was on rpw...
One just changed a few panels
but I am nmore of an oatmeal fan
Andvrelated to charlie hebbo
That was fun
yeah the xkcd author is a leftists
that charlie hebdo thing bugged me
More like a leftard
the pua strip was stupid
anyway
bedtime
cheers
it showed a man as an evil creep, obviously
and the girls was an ultrasmart mind reader
who could immediately sniff his evil intentions
to sleep with her
He's a mod on a lot of RP subs
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-w33mawVRXdE/VL6Wd6Bc3rI/AAAAAAAABE4/mHv-bDu4N6E/s1600/freespeech.png
there
this is better
Highly unlikely that he's a mod in disguise on RPW
Huehue
the guy can make some good funnies
too bad he is such a pansy lefty
http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_7hFR7oDKMdg4ijlT0mQF8XOuGgjaDjeJ.jpg
HAHAHAHAHA
i wonder if leftists think that aging is a social construct too
http://i.imgur.com/JEZF1.jpg
atlas will probably say she's a manjaw anyway
THATS A MANJAW
man jaw girls with curvy feminine bodies debunks this whole masculine woman theory
no they dont, theyre easily different genes
Lolwhat
She's gorgeous
SMS are u trolling
wait for Atlas to come in and call her a "disgusting feral manjaw whore"
whers a feral manjaw
hm not bad
mixed
what a long day. jesus
how are yall?
odette annable is one of the most gorgeous women ever
she's the reason why i watched last season of house
we are ok sun
reading all day
get out only to punch the sandbag
that's about it
http://www.breitbart.com/london/2016/01/14/syrian-refugee-bus-sent-across-germany-to-merkels-office/
lol
good evening
hi Sunhappy 
howdie :D how are you?
good. just waiting for my company to come over. my cousins are always late :(
how about you?
i'm okay. kind of emotional per usual but otherwise just tired and happy to be home
my cousin is also visiting tomorrow so i'm really excited and preparing for that
oh i hope you are doing ok
are you going to cook for your cousins?
haha probably something simple
like rice + a meat
yay the bot!
alpha bux would probably be accurate i guess.
hey
if you love him
who cares what he is
lol
what if he was an omega
and i loved him?
lolololol
then you need to be burned
omegas find love too, i'm sure
by dt do you mean dark triad? ive been in the manosphere/DEesphere since i was 14
all you ladies need to be like Saint Kate
oh sorry
this is obvious
lol
i mean dark enlightenment
which includes RP
Saint Kate?
DG69: 
nawalt?
patron saint of TRP ^
i tried to read that stuff and it's just so far from my thinking. RP is probably the limit for me lol
and maybe some HBD from what WingN has linked in the past
yugh
Oh jeez
I'm disgusted
What's happening there
but it's interesting, this whole.....school of thought that no one is really talking about in mass
love DG69 
love happened
Love is ugly
lol
jokes on you
whats the story behind that
pic
what?
they are a couple who won a game show in the UK for ugly men who have the hottest girlfriends
maybe he has a great personality!
omg seriously?
tahts crazy
Lol
she's a store manager
why participate on such a show?
i just looked at that pic and wow
she fell in love with him when he helped her sisters with something I think
The kid is cute enough
but if she really loves him
that's actually a good picture of him
then  good for htem
he has a messed up left side of his face
his eyes are unequal
did they win money?
Sunhappy: I don't think so. It was like a radio game show
so not much
How weird
err, probably not much*
LOVE CONQUERS ALL
lol
I'd tongue that mole so hard
hashtag
lol radio
I feel like she's probably really stupid
or there's something otherwise wrong with her
why
just cynical, I guess
lol. She had to change schools I think
can women not love ugly men?
because she was getting bullied
is it an impossibility?
serious question
maybe he's alpha :O
and just ugly
no, it's not impossible. I just don't think it's very likely
but has all the other traits that makes an attractive man
out of all the men, why that guy? 
but good for them
I think most women don't believe you can be ugly and also have a lot of nice alpha qualities
I believe you can 
but
R has a friend who was always smooth with the ladies
there are handsome men who also have those qualities
:3
super big guy. very heavy
you can be "alpha" and not be chad
chad, in my mind, could gain 50 lbs and still be alpha
cuz he has it all
I knew a guy in highschool who did very well with women and he had messed up arms. They looked like mangled tree trunks from a birth defect
didn't stop him
?
now, this guy isn't all that alpha
yeah it definitely donest appeal to everyone
actually, I shouldn't say that
one of my many friends is super huge and never has a problem getting guys 
nevermind
i don't think looks are the biggest factor
Was he hot apart from his trunk arms architect
if they have everything else someone is looking for
DG69: That's not a question I can answer anymore. I've given up trying to answer that. I don't think he was good looking really
he just has a very alpha attitude and had social status
Tree trunks? Not branches?
he was overweight
Interesting
kinda gangster'ish
his D must have been impeccable 
Giant cylindrical arms?
they looked like tree branches intertwined
no
he was swangin
he used to finger girls who sat in front of him in class
omg
how?
game
lol
but
how
like E-40?
just based on layout of a classroom
usually went under their skirts I guess
was he hyphy?
How was he subtle about it with those huge arms
drok: ??
so confused
DG69: they weren't huge. I shouldn't have said trunks
branches
hyphy?
You have to find this deformity online....."branches intertwined"? O_o
.ud hyphy
what does that word mean?
hmm...lets see if I can find a pic that's similar
9:34 PM <drok> like E-40?
damn it drok, now you've made me homesick
Didn't DG69 bang E-40
oh yeah haha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBJtzEKetBM
who the fuck is E40
listen to that architect
that's E-40
i'm going to bring up E-40 as much as possible
until we go dumb at the sideshow
xD
im listening ot this
why am i listening to this
"I come from east oakland where the youngsters get hyphy"
is it going to explain who E40 is
architect because it's awesome
that's why
What an awesome rumor blowing 
Camille: it really was a great post. I think women will be receptive to it
ghostridethewhip?
Spread it
ghostride?
LOL
oh wait, that's not E-40 wrong link
>.>
madscilove: you shouldn't be allowed to listen to this song unless you own an escalade in oakland
There's so many orange people talking
Orange
purple
sloots
all the purples in the house say "YYEEEYAAAA"
.addterm tellmewhentogo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GZbaXdK8Js
50 shades of orange
I'm amazed at the manboys trying to fake masculinity in trp. I doubt it would be useful there, aside from the mods
alright here architect https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GZbaXdK8Js
for real this time
ok, and who is this?
that has e-40 and keak da sneak in it
and why did DG69 have sex with him
but i think it would be helpful for them to know it, if it applies to RP
this is actually E-40
lol
did she really?
DG69++
Nice, sloot points
like if you're a low dom guy, and your gf or wife is HH, what steps can you take to improve things, if necessary
i wonder how MRP would take it rofl rofl
haha i know this whole song, im not even from the yay
except for keak da sneak, i can't tell what he is saying
this pleases my black side, but my white side is ill at ease and thinks we should get a firearm...
haha
i thought you were half asian Architect ?
LOL
that's drokles
idk why i keep thinking you're half chinese
what?
but that's a good person to get confused for at least
i'm not asian
I guess I see it as the people who need the most help refuse it. Like this dude is clueless he's a bitch and not masculine https://m.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/40touj/fr_social_interaction_dominance_with_a_natural/
fiat is asain
no no, i know drok is mixed with some choco
you were according to witzie like 4 months ago
*asian
but i thought you were half chinese
and madscilove 
is half ching chong
i'm like 0.1% southeast asian according to 23andme
Luckily the first few commenters took him to town
but it could be cause one of my ancestors porked a native american
Ooh I want to do that
I remember that time someone came to irc and accused us all of being priviledged whites
who didn't know what minority struggles were like
i saw the revenant
i know what happens out there
Did you learn anything else cool from it drok
Ooooo i want to see that
how is it?
aww, I missed that
...it's so gross to see how he describes his cousin 
Are you Neanderthal
do you recommend it 
i kind of want to be a frontiersman now
its good
i learned a lot DG69
i want to see that so bad
just move to northern canada and try to go to the grocery store
maybe i'll ask R if we can go on MLK day
if he's not busy
basically the same thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLvlGVNInw4
lol
im either 2.7 or 2.9% neanderthal DG69 
Cool!
.addterm ghostrideit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLvlGVNInw4
Being Neanderthal is good. They were smarter and stronger than home sapiens
By a lot
Homo
smarter?
I didn't know that
Yes
Then why are they dead
It sounds like he wants to bang her, doesn't it lo_andbehold
That's a major area of evolutionary study: why Shitty humans lived and Neanderthal's died
I wasn't going to say that, but I'm glad I'm not the only one who picked up on it!
I thought they were dumber
yeah
No, Neanderthals were almost like 2x smarter
homo sapiens wiped them out i think
they were just more assholish i think
pretty sure it's cuz the neanderthals had a high mortality rate
and a low birth rate
And a male Neanderthals uppermost was incredible VR a human 
Upper body
i remember hearing if their birth rate was like 2% higher
As*
Fuck
Vs
they may have survived
Sunhappy: yes, they also didn't have enough sex with themselves. They often fucked weak human women
Cause they couldn't really stop it
those race traitors
Otoh, there's always a risk it won't be well received but still needs to be articulated, as it may help some
theres neanderthal intrusion in europeans
and denisovian in asians
they meled
meleded
MELDED
I think they also learned language faster than humans too or something
yeh theyre making all that up
lol
i read clan of the cave bear too
oh i've never heard of that book
i'm talking to vamp again and suddenly I'm reminded of why MGTOW exists
Haha
vamp?
vampiresquidina
who is she?
the PPD chick who has a sub hisband
husband
who she abuses
or something
sounds terrible
omg
does she abuse him? I thought she was just a normal bp chick
Sunhappy: what is hbd?
why ar eyou talking to her
I could be wrong though
se doesnt abuse him
madscilove: she verbally and emotionally is not very respectful to him at all I believe
and hes not a sub
happy birthday?
no? I thought that was the big thing
she like punishes him for reading RP
she's just unhappy that he's gone rp
cause she doesn't want him being more alpha
human biodiversity
I mean, tbf, I would also be really unhappy if F ever took a serious interest in trp
here be dragons? 
=P I like mine more
so I feel like I sympathize
why
if R took interest in RP
even if I think her posts are annoying
i'd be like.....eh, okay
why what?
technically he already is
when women say they don't want their SO's reading TRP, my question is always why
even though I know what you're going to say
Hahaha I like yours too lo_andbehold . Now I got it, thanks Sunhappy
because I want to see if a feminine woman who is not 1. high-T/masculine or 2. an ultra-christ-fag could "get" men
she's so girly
because people who find trp for the first time tend to blunder around and make problems while they calibrate
it's cute when she's not spiting in your face during a rage binder
https://www.reddit.com/r/askMRP/comments/3znyiy/shes_letting_me_go/?ref=search_posts
that wouldn't be worth the result madscilove ?
fear of how they would interpret it 
^
or deny it
that, exactly
deny it??
#Confused
oh wow
architect: well, I don't see being married to a trp man as a good result
she's leaving him
i didn't expect that
I'd rather just be with a normal dude 
Ok, that's fair
I can see that
although, I try to be very mindful of being a good SO, especially since finding trp
less reason for him to go fishing around the internet if I'm awesome
hahaha nice
loool
my rule is to "STAND DOWN" or stfu
what if the internet was deleted
would you go back to your old, relaxed self
most guys are doing their best and want to be good SOs
I wasn't ever really "relaxed"
idk, he's awesome and I don't want to lose him
I once deleted my internet on accident
I'm sure he'd be able to find a new gf tomorrow if he wanted one
dat dread game tho
:P
Hmm. I think it's a multi-angle situation
DG69: you deleted a whole internet D:
madscilove++
Like...if F found TRP, he might take away 1 or 2 things, but I doubt he'd change much
TRP dread gamed you for him
lolol
basically
haha
you're probably right, architect
is F naturally RP, madscilove ?
it's usually the omegas and low betas who find TRP and realize they've been duped. 
hard to say. he's very masculine and brave. like, he has no problems starting fights with people if he feels like they're messing with him or me
dang
that's a lot
and he doesn't take much shit from me
that would scare me :O
I love that about so
but he's also really sweet and loving
i'd start a fight for you madscilove 
sunhappy: it scares me a bit too
my h found out hed been duped from life experience
ill white knight you on IRC all day long
R isn't a fight person. but if he wanted to
like normalmen
 I would fight madscilove 
#Alpha
and i've seen this
he'd flip a switch and be a total asshole
lol
he chased after some people who were threatening to shoot him
she doesn't look like a fighter
when his first little GF met a new boy
yelling "Fucking shoot me, I don't give a shit!"
after she moved
he doesn't take shit form other people, protects me, and doesn't let me take shti from others (which I am known to do)
she looks like a walk-away'er
scared the shit out of me
That's awesome madscilove 
i was mad once and R said "that's YOUR problem" and then continued to wash the dishes
madscilove did i ever ask about your digit ratio?
<3 <3
Why were people trying to shoot him tho
digit ratio?
yall have really gruff men
madsci has feminine rations in the face
DG69: they threw a bottle at me out of their car, and he tried to fight them
ratio of your index finger to ring finger
it's nice when they put things into perspective for you, Sunhappy 
and then they threatened to shoot him
i have feminine digit rations and bone structure and a hypermasculinized mind
especially when you know enough to know they probably have a good point
and aggression and dominance
I have no idea how to read index to ring finger ratios
I find the female attraction to being put in their place off-putting as a man
10 years ago, "are you pmsing?" would have made me snap. Now it's like "oh, damn. maybe. sorry <3:
i have a masculinized WHR tho
i cannot snap at R
In which the response to being put in your place is murder
he will switch to asshole mode
so i don't :O
that's less putting them in your place and more making you accountable 
thats a shit test arch
the female response
and 99% of men fail
lol  go react like that to my h
Zing ill pay you
i wanna watch
lol
Yeah, I know, but the idea that passing the test creates attraction
Soooooo odd
act like that. lol 
why is it "odd"
F will put up with me being moody to a certain extent. past that he just gets mad at me, and it's scary
then I stfu
like a little mouse
yup
my h allows no negative feelings from me
unless im ranting abouthis enemies
R put up wiht bullshit and shit tests for 14 yeras
he's so over it
I wouldn't mind that, honestly. I need to be better about it
Yea, I wouldn't have much patience for it
I already don't have any patience for sass
his ex underminded him often
he ultimately wants to lead and have a friend as a sidekick
i think most guys do
Men need and want good followers
AtlasB> unless im ranting abouthis enemies
haha
need?
R doesn't need anyone. he's in a place where if he never remarries, i think he'd be okay with it. but he wants to remarry. so his standards are now very clear.
either accept those standards or date someone else
Do you think r is going to tolerate a bad follower?
no. he'd just break up with me lol
Right
he doesn't call it "following" or "deference" at all though
it's just being "supportive"
and respectful
hmm, how big of a part of antipathy toward RP is from women whose SOs are obviously not alpha
and they take RP as an insult
Do you think R licks his fingers and goes "sweet 17 year gap"?
the vibe i'm getting from this chat is everyone thinks their SO is fairly alpha
rofl
omg
he did say its nice to have a younger woman on his arm.
I think it's more women going "no, not AWALT" and not liking the idea of men being domineering 
but idk, i think that's convo he has wiht his guy friends. 
bardolatta: i think many women here are aware their guys aren't alpha
I think all antipathy towards TRP is simply the implication of women not being perfect
i think in here, only two ladies have alpha guys
Well, that's not necessarily fair
Camille and AtlasB? And you. that's three
They may not be ALPHA, but they're certainly high SMv betas
off the top of my head
hm
i was gonna say madscilove 
No one in here is low SMv except a few guys
hm
i'd say atlasb's H is a caveman alpha. like Nat Wild should do a study on him
haha
then Camille's M (idk what renegade means wrt alphas)
what are the different types of alphas?
I think there's alpha in body and alpha in spirit
lol
what qualifies as an omega?
An unattractive person
atlasb uh you having a feminine digit ratio really messes up my faith in digit ratios (alone)
why is the world so complicated
that's too simplistic
i have othe rmasculinized things
omega is bottom of the food chain
in general or personality 
donald trump is unattractive
but he's a billionaire with a hot young wife
and runs shit
which gets nothing because it is not capable of performing to good current standards
i know but i barely thought about WHR before
and says whatever and still wins
Not really. If a man is neither unattractive nor attractive, and is generally unremarkable, he's likely low beta
imlow smv from age
he actually isn't too unattractive for his age. Just that hair.. 
I read about it once then forgot
ZingMaster: if you saw him on the street
you wouldn't think "oh yeeeeeeaaaahhhh"
ahhh haha
he was a lot younger when they mt
met
aren't we all?
we can't all be mitt romney
yeah, damn. I have to stop looking at old photos
that reminds me, kimberly conrad married hugh hefner when he was like 60
hopefully we all get married and find someone who appreciates us despite our disminishing smv
since we don't have billions
Preach
i have a masculinized WHR
their age gap was much bigger than trump and melania
flat butt
age gap is awesome
You look good for your age AtlasB 
AtlasB: is pretty
what is WHR? 
Waste his ratio
Waist
ohh
im not fishing for compliments im stating facts
i'm an ectomorph with 1:1 digits if that wasn't obvious already
AtlasB: are you an apple or pear?
when i compared my H and i's digit ration it was shocking
rectangle more
I have a masculinized WHR but feminine digit ratios, too.
haha does he have a feminine one?
i have aWHR
its not great
no
he doesnt
okay, ow what is a digit ratio?
he has supe rmacho hands
with masculinized digit ratio
ohh
and hes short and has almost 8" wrists
big bandura bone structure, very robust
robust features
hm. just did my digit ratio
how do you figure those, madscilove 
I used this http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2015/oct/25/what-does-your-digit-ratio-say-about-you
there are instructins
*instructions
AtlasB: did your husband ever power lift?
he always lifted whne he wa syoung
and for a while when weve been married
but never anything structured or "power"
I don't know my exact digit ratios, but I can tell they're high. My index is obviously longer than my ring.
ah
when we met he rode a bike everywhere
he had zero body fat
Oooo
i bet he was a hottie! and you were all like swoon lol
yah
one presumes that was not a literal zero.
after i rid him of his horrifiying clothing
did you know of his inner madness when you met him?
and some weird grooming habits with his hair
hah
or was that unleashed later and you were already too deep in love to run? hahaha
the day after the first nigth we spent together he showe dme his homemade weapons
so what do you think
rofl
im not kidding
he had a knife sharpener with tacks
lol that's amazing
see i would see that and think
I know. That's very neat
wrapped around it with duct tape
omg he's part of a crazy militia
an dneedles on the top
i must flee
before he kills me
im a crazy militia type
you saw this and thought
tingles
like... one of those sword looking sharpeners?
yeh the sticks
lol
it was a nasty little weapon
lol
haha that's awesomely strange 
im a violent ex punk
I'd just be like "Well, I know I'm safe with you. I guess. But you might kill me in my sleep."
i dont know why its always shociking
cuz it's not normal lol
i used to go fagbasshign with skinheads
or common i should say
bardolatta: digit ratio is 0.91
the junior mafia pulled guns on us
when i was 16
sorry, AtlasB , you used to go what with skinheads?
the junior mafia
in my mind 
violence doesnt frighten me
is Notorious BIG's crew
fagbashing
no
oh my god
you've had a robust life of experiences 
the junior actual mafia
like, actually?
irtalians
yes like actually
like romper stomper
like...bashing people up for being gay?
and hse's jewish
yes
how badass is that???
like bashing ppl up for being gay
when griddy first told me that, i was like nahhhh
but it's true
it was 30 years ago
hey chirp 
that's when i knew i had to know AtlasB better.
Hey zimmngvast !b
*zingmaster!
haha
Heh oops
What's up everyone?
madscilove you mean 1.09 right
how are you calculating it?
AtlasB: do you feel guilt over your past actions?
index finger length / ring finger length, right?
why would i feel guil;t
beating up gay people just for kicks
idk just asking
i dont feel guilt
you don't seem naturally violent
like phyiscally
index/ring
yep
0.91
high T for a woman
you super masculine
pretty much
go beat some betas up
AtlasB, that seems pretty cruel
lol
why did you do that?
you think?
you think it seems cruel?
i thought it wa sliek buying them ice cream cones
welp
the "only high t women don't lose their mind about game" streak continues
what test are you taking madscilove ?
:T
What's the high t test?
sunhappy: digit ratio
http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2015/oct/25/what-does-your-digit-ratio-say-about-you
this page has some instructions on how to measure and calculate
I'm emotional today. From happiness. :|  
i know hte feeling
what made you so happy? :(
haha
Both of my hands are different lol
everything is just going well. Life, kids, SO, extended family, school, work
bardo its not actually high to
its xNTx
but yes
also, working on maternity hehee
women are female and feminine
andmasculinity is repulsive to them
who needs to make babies when you can just borrow them
and theres reasons why we evolved this way
wait you are trying for a kid?
hand wise?
SO's digits are almost all the same length
nooo
did you measure yours zing?
nursing on maternity lol
thats why HHH gets along
a masculinize dowman understands men
most women would turn to dust and blow away around my h
or provoke him to homicide
I don't have a measuring tape, but there is a half inch difference 
my index finger is exactly one half inch in width. Makes measuring things easy in a pinch 
I imagine I'd be a crying puddle around him, AtlasB 
lol
or just kill themselves
which would make him worse
I'd be confused at first, for sure. Although his theories sound amaaaazing.
anyone with authority tends to make me feel inferior and want to cry :| 
He seems like a cool guy to bounce ideas off of.
lol no
he bounces ideas off of you
yuo dont matter
okay, I'd run away crying :P
Oh, yeah, isn't he extro?
super alpha men don't want your opinion. they want your audience
I forgot about that. lol
that is fucking exhausting haha
why would anyone matter? 
what do you mean?
zingmaster which is longer
they matter as long as they can further their goals, i guess
ring
yeah, true. But I think they are also disposable people, if I have the vibe correct?
what?
noooooo
my ex was the epicenter of the universe
and we were all in his orbit
even our cats orbithim
i feed them
rofl
love them
sing to them
"ooo daddys awake!!!!"
bye-eee
my ex would wake up and want me to exist for him, but not obviously cuz he didn't want to manage my existing for him
TippyToe is actually in lov ewith him
like he sher BF
i just had to exist knowing what my role in his life was meant to be
yes
tippytoe is the name of your cat? awww
yeh lol
he named her
so cute :)
shes really fat too
my ex wasn't a bad guy but i couldn't handle his alphaness
most people couldn't
TippyToe and The Worm 
his dad was even more alpha than that. it was just a house of alphas. his mom appeared to be a doormat but i realize now that there was no other way to live with 3 NFL level football high-T black men
the worm. hmm
Did they try to out alpha each other?
haha
no, they all submitted to his dad
it was weird to watch. almost surreal
anyway, alphas aren't for most people. when he wasn't in full alpha mode, he was nice. i just didn't have the tolerance
sunhappy are you black?
yesh
do you know alte
like not personally but
who?
nvm she was my favorite female RP blogger
oh lol
she's black, well half
link?
https://thepracticalconservative.wordpress.com/2014/01/28/understanding-why-the-manosphere-is-full-of-conventionally-attractive-black-women/
ho ho
so there are a good bit of non white RP thinkers
why do others find RP racist?
How would one verify that that is true?
BP finds red pill super white supremacist
the red pill is part of HBD
it always has been
the sex differences wing
the intersection was the comments section of steve sailers blog and 2 blowhards
gene expression
TRP is full of nonwhites andthats why its a mess?
RP says genes drive everything in gender
scratch the "?"
RP is an angloscandinavian reaction to anglo scandinavian feminism
apply that to race
bardo
hehe
hbd?
enjoy
but RP can be applied to non angloscandinavian people
it can
but ppl in nonfeminst countries dotn have the issues
men face here
its not jus tPUA
it was always intersected with HBD andlibertarianismand white nationalism
and anyone who say otherwise is lying
i found it through the HBD-sphere
so the ways it helps nonangloscandis is still within a framework of white nationalism
?
what?
it's not
its nto about helping ppl its about understand human dynamics
they're not biodeterminist
game says biology explains gender relations
not really white nationalism
just whiteness
anglo culture
but you said it was intersected with white nationalism
hbd says biology explains race relations
it does
when you take the red pill about gender you generally take it about race
then you cross the Jewbicon
lol
jew bacon?
i took the red pill first abotu race, then it  led to sex diffeences
anyhow, I forgot to mention
my explanation was different from alte's
i just thought of it now - it should be the high T
thehigh t masculinizes the mind in utero
along wiht the other traits
asians are more feminine/neoteny, black are more masculine
and black women are way mor eunderstanding ogf game
and the male mind
ab initio
they always were
come to think of it I've never encountered an asian women in the manosphere
feministx is indian, which is half-caucausoid anyway
i was brought to RP from trying to figure out how and why my ex was so alpha
so i didn't feel fucking crazy
for being drawn to something that drove me nuts
is this topic too sterile? do people want to go back to vamp? I really like her actually
I'm surprised no one here likes her
she's insane
i thought she wanted genuine help at first
but she really just wanted to further shame her husband in the last sphere he could escape to from her
i dunno, she said she wants to understand how her husband thinks
but he won't tell her
but i think if most men tried to adapt RP into their lives. even just a little
the truth
women would read it as abuse
sure
woman: honey, you're such an asshole! why didn't you call my mom back?
man: i don't have to call her so i'm not going to
woman to gfs: he ignores my needs. he doesn't take me seriously! 
do you subscribe to the theory of true love?
gfs: girl, that man is emotionally abusing you!
people love each other for who they are and stay together till death
hmmm
yes
why would anyone like her
shes repulsive
shes everythign an xNTx despises
theory of true love?
id beat her to death
i believe if you can accept your partner for who they truly are, they will fall in love with you, vice versa
thers no true love
theres thedecision to love
^^
well yeah
i think love is acceptance
I think it's possible to stay with someone until death, but I think it's will-power and committment
on some level
more than "love"
sunhappy what's your digit ratio
based on the values you hold and see reflected in your love
lol idk bardolatta 
i was too lazy to find my ruler
you stay together by mot breaking up
atlasb in the end I still love girly girls, I was... browsing twitter
@someofmybest
you may but youd better understand
they wont "get" you
they will annoy you
and be alien to you
and she reminded me why I fell in love with my HS crush
fill one with babies
shes not going to be your companion
and friend
she'll be a good mommy moo cow
I know, but I'm low-T physically, and high-T women tend to like muscular men
I have small wrists
you need a low dominance woman
plus femininity is a turn off in itself
do you lift?
the thing is - game made me
no, I've tried
then lift less?
how is femininity a turn off?
in a man
typo
turn on
oh
http://www.msn.com/en-ca/lifestyle/pets/this-cat-takes-better-selfies-than-you/ss-BBoeXBx?ocid=spartandhp#image=1
plus game made me not want to search for a woman who gets me
b/c the whole point of it is give you the tools to deal women who don't get you
im low T too and apparently I can be really dominant anyway
sms ur a grill right
no lol
lol
ur a grill right my T isnt that low ;_;
lol
i thought men like feminine women
they do
not trp men
lol
i don't get it
trp men want plates
plates cant be fully feminine
why not?
because they dont put out easily
truly feminine women annoty modernmen
trp men want the nice parts of femininity and not the underbelly of it
they arent equipped to deal with them
yes
they dont want to deal with emotionalness
hmmmz
what's there to deal with?
and other stuff that comes with femininity
just don't deal with it?
I mean, I identify with Dalrock and the theonomists, I didn't get pilled through the sub
to me r/trp is like the SA
if i'm emotoinal around R, he carries on with his day
useful, but vaguely repulsive
yes
but we still care
"i'm going for a smoke!" "i need to replace _____ in the car" "i need to buy more eggs for Z"
im still going to feel bad if my girl feels bad
yeah but you can't have one and not hte other
.context
madscilove I've long come to accept that the nice parts and the underbelly ALWAYS go hand in hand
femininity is a package deal
R likes that i'm emotional but doesn't deal with the parts he doesn't like. he just knows it's to be expected and carries on iwth life.
a little bit of comfort is okay, but not when it's a daily issue where a girl is constantly comfort testing
like, you can't get the ambitious captain personality without the high T
i think TRP guys overthink the ladies
that also makes him objectify women
we aren't complicated either
that's not the right way to put it... nm
comfort test: do i look pretty in this?
??
I wouldn't want to date girlwriteswhat, notwithstanding her looks
how does she look?
ZingMaster: a little bit of comfort is okay, but not when it's a daily issue where a girl is constantly comfort testing <- exFWB did this so much
Sunhappy: that could be a test if the girl reacts negatively to his response
.... not great
it depends on the girl imho
some wont care that much if you say no, it makes your ass look fat
and they will swap dresses
for some it may indeed be a comfort test
that's resolved by knowing what your man likes from the jump
she's slept with like 50 people
and staying in that range
she said she lost count
how old is she?
roissy said "women love desperately," and I think that kind of wild abandon is really sweet
"What do you mean it looks fine? *Cry* you're supposed to say I look amazing"
i dunno, late 40s? i guess you can't really tell
:-S
"R, what do you think of my makeup?" :D
I'm shooting myself in the foot here by saying that to a room full of high T women but I'm autistic so don't blame me
^
that's what I ask sunhappy
R: you're wearing makeup?
and I'm not fishing for compliments. I literally just want to make sure I don't look retarded
haha
because it's dark in our house
watch out bardolatta ZingMaster is going to zing you now
next day: R: you look really nice today. i like your makeup
me: i'm not wearing any makeup!!
aww
:( :(
lol
yeah ive learned to not comment on makeup
haha fortunately, I'm not very zingy today
except if its all runny from tears
then i just say that it looks hot
as long as i don't emulate beyonce
lol 
or get fat, he doesn't care that much about how i entertain myself via makeup.hair or clothes
um, waterproof mascara, hello??? :O
when i was in full infp mode 3 years ago, that's all i wore
hahaha
i've noticed two makeup activist types
rad fems from the 70s who want to ban all makeup
Sunhappy: um, waterproof mascara, hello??? <- nope
I tried that stuff, but I can't wash it all off so I essentially get a weeks' worth of eyeliner from it
cut down on the competition, no shaving of legs, etc
ill just say this Sunhappy, theres a reason i associate that look with sex
use vaseline :D
and then there are twos who want to suppress the all naturels
oo
not much though
a larger contingent of that group attribute most of celebrity beauty to good makeup
olive oil works well for most makeups actually
eh, i'd say it's skincare
didn't try that with the waterproof 
the best makeup can't hide a bumpy face
or wrinkles
Sunhappy, infp highfive
skin care, expensive dermatologists and makeup
nah i'm not an infp anymore
can you imagine an infp and entj????
it's depressing
which made me track down those comparison photos and it turns out, some people really do look just as good without makeup
i'm more infj now. but sometimes i test isfj or intj
it depends!
weird
i'm ixxj for the most part
ixfj
most with extro tendencies will test differently on different days, imo
or emotional thinkers, I mean
R tested as an ENFP
Sunhappy: my usda prime is a esfp and i am an intp
and i think that his test is wrong rofl
cuz he doesn't act enfp at all. he's an ENTP
you're intp? jesus
we are very different personality weise
but i actually like it
dont want to date myself
I've tested as entj, infp, and enfp 
esfp, isn't that the ideal fem personality?
is that mpdg
ty[e
idk
no not mdpg but close
might be esfj
http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/09/06/new-york-fashion-week-spring-summer-2015-model-josephine-van-delden-transforms-backstage-at-suno/
http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/10/03/model-morphosis-sigrid-agren-at-elie-saab/
possibly enfx
mpdg?
The MPDG is ENFP.
ah thank  you, aZombieKitten 
ok cool
so yes, very close
but she isnt one AFAIK
those girls look better before 
they are supposed to look bold ZingMaster
well the second one
not pretty
fair enough
yeah the second one had bad makeup
I think even for the prettiest girls, ideal makeup can bump you up at least marginally
I went on a date with the girl i was texting ZingMaster and she is a total MPDGwho wants some alpha cock lol
I saw the michael kors summer show and it was amazing
a touch of makeup can do wonders
what is it that makes them a dream girl?
social. more likely to be pretty because they like to be seen. feely. not control freaks like Js
its when the stereotypical nerdy introvert finds a woman that can not only act as his romantic outlet but also his muse and social outlet
Ahhh
theres no such true MPDG
yeah
O
because its way too much to put on one person, to fix your failings
Zoey deschanel
I'm mostly ENFP, but I have my control freak moments
i wonder how much of that is guys encountering artsy types who are better read than they are
also like i experience those MPDGs can probably do better than nerdy introvert
I had that once with two girls in HS, but they were from preppy schools
nah it is a specific kind of girl
i'm infj and i can control freak
cuz that j needs plan!!
and had artistic backgrounds, and I was sooo impressed she referenced last year at the marienbad casually
haha
we have a few legit mpdgs here but im very sure they dont want that socially awkward nerd dick :D
but I'm over that now that I'm better read, watched, listened
Who are the legit mpdgs here sms 
It even mentions in the irc rules lol
is she who shan't be named doing okay?
Don't mess with the mpdgs
katniss_granger is one, theres also one more
.mbti
Sunhappy?
aZombieKitten?
....
I'm INTJ. :p
hahahaha
ok thats weird
is that from when you first joined?
who put that????
Lol I like that Sunhappy !
lmao sunhappy's is best.
lolol
:( :(
ugh i KNOW we have a second MPDG but i cant remember who right now
atlasb?
so hurts my feels
but it's so accurate
SMS, the ENFPs are camille and blowing
jackasses
I'm not in any databases 
i dont think it was them though, camille doesnt come here very often and this was before blowing showed up i think
aZombieKitten?
Atlas I just watched that episode and thought of you
lol
ZingMaster?
also blowing is more party girl
they're the only ENFPs on our list, anyway.
Damnit, PPDBot 
so is camille
Camille is on there 
blowing is ENFP?
E for sure
According to our IRC lsit.
Yeah I'm ENFP
is there a way to get all the definitions?
just likemy mommy
:)
:)
this is robert california?
i had the best talk wioth my mom tonight
for over an hour
me, too. except... not on that list pfth
were like best friends again
aw, how is she doing? 
like when i was a teen
getting better
Awww!!
mobilizing alright?
gettin there
still in a walker 
my dads a dr so hes heling her a lot too
ty for asking
:)
time to nap before my graveyard. Night all!
:)
ENFP blowing ?
ni ni!
Yes drok
interesting that thegreasypole and his wife are completely opposite MBTIs
whats his wife
one of th efeminine types
isfj or something
yes
the super feelsies type
is that the super feelsy?
why
i thought nf was the most feely
who?
How much is left in the irc petty cash? I want to stay here tomorrow night...http://www.eaupalmbeach.com/wow/visual-tour
http://www.foxla.com/news/local-news/75162263-story
omg baby fight club that sounds awesome
Sarah Jordan, 31, of Woodbridge, was the lead teacher of 1-year-old children back in 2013 at a Minnieland Academy classroom in Woodbridge. Witnesses testified that Jordan intentionally tripped children, stepped on their toes, encouraged them to fight each other and sprayed them in the face with a hose.
:(
Lol
Parents testified that their children suddenly became fearful of water and started acting out in ways similar to the abuse described in the classroom, like stepping on others' feet.
what a cunt
omg
OMG
The allegations against Jordan, and another woman, Kierra Spriggs, 26, first surfaced in a 2013 report from the Virginia Department of Social Services. Spriggs is scheduled for trial next month.
The report found the women encouraged toddlers to fight and dunked children afraid of water into wading pools. It also found the women laughed about feeding kids Flamin' Hot Cheetos.
i lov emy garmin
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/are-reluctant-men-to-blame-for-so-many.html
dont need a garmin anymore when there are smartphones
just need a charger for it and youre good to go
can't name her, Sunhappy 
(i have no idea)
my garmin vivofit
Or rather, the lack of men who were willing to settle down and start a family with her. The heartbreaking realisation that she was never going to have a baby struck late - in her 50s, while at a reunion lunch with her first boyfriend, whom she had dumped on a whim
me either
idk who posted this in rpw sub but i love this site
http://www.southerncurlsandpearls.com/
.help
Uh oh
There's a command to restore the patriarchy
It kicks the women when they are being unruly
that would depress me
cuz you'd fail on both fronts
being unwanted
and not contributing via childbirth/raising a child
Architect: It kicks the women when they are being unruly <- then Sunhappy would never be allowed in :(
.....
Where is the command to enforce matriarchy ??
Architect would be out
#1
:0 I'm a pretty girl though
I can talk about hair and shoes and boiz
And gossip obviously
Anyone in here good with computers?
Yes
Depends. Software or hardware issue.
ditto.
 Internet issue
I feel like Priceline is memorizing what I do even in private browsing
Sunhappy, she's cute! But that pink lipstick is a bit much for playing in the snow, imo
my husband would a) think i looked fake and b) not want to kiss me
And increasing prices
i love priceline.
if you're in private browsing, you shouldn't be storing cookies
so that seems unlikely to me
So I'm either paranoid or need to not have cookies
But when I go to a private browsing session on my phone my internet history is in there
http://www.smartertravel.com/blogs/today-in-travel/caution-some-travel-websites-show-higher-prices-to-certain-users.html?id=21748658
Thank you!
sometimes i think high dom feminine woman are paradoxical, but then maybe an explicit profession of egalitarian love is just a form of submission to capital S Society
YESS
VAMP'S DIGIT RATIO IS 1.07
This is a good thing?
not necessarily
but i guessed she did
have a high digit ratio
and I was right
I hate when people start conversations with me but then don't finish them. 
What do you mean architect
.nagmale
.nagmales 
I mean like my friend texted me "what's up? I'm watching grease" and then never replied again lok
Lol takeoutthetrash 
males? Trash? Sexism!
.oppressfemales 
.add female dg69
Oppressed
.addfemale dg69
Gr
Thank you for trying AtlasB 
I'm being rejected as a female by the bot
Ill have to find out how tomorrow 
"Beep Booo does not compute"
The list is out fated 
Boop
Dated 
Isn't it .females add?
.females
There used to be just a command for the list of females.
.help
.help
.sex females
.sex females add dg69
Nope, okay.
.sex females add madscilove
Sad face
AtlasB, try the command I just ran.
I can't do it because I'm not ops.
But it works in the bot channel for me.
.sex females add dg69
.sex females
DG69, I managed to add you. :p
.sex females add cakeforallofyou
how do we know DG69 is a female?
I mean, we've seen pics, but...those could be her victim, who's home she's living in
.help
.restorepatriarchy
lol
.oppressfemales
Um, I'm on the list.
Oh, it works now. :)
I had to use my ops in a different channel to do it, though.
I mean, anyone can be on the list
What more proof do you need architect
I WIN, BOT. 
it's not an exclusive club or anything
unlike the boys IRC channel
Nice one aZombieKitten 
I added cake too.
thanks for supporting the patriarchy and oppressing yet another of your kind aZombieKitten 
aZombieKitten++
:D
There isn't a boys channel is there?
I think it was to be used when the wimmens were hogging the main chat with girl talk.
.karma
lol
Your rank hahaha
That's a running joke at this point.
I wonder who's least like their IRC persona
and their personal description
I sometimes wonder about the extro members.
why's that
Because of the way their personalities flex sometimes compared to intros.
Why does that make you wonder in particular?
and how do you view them flexing
How different their IRC personas are to irl, really. How differently they behave with the bunch of us weird nerds vs people in their day-to-day life.
Oh I see
Yea, extros are the worst
glad im not one
okay i have a couple of Expanse episodes to catch up on
this whore is so sweet
lolwut
aZombieKitten: I think most people change on an IRC vs real life
I agree, but the degree of change may differ.
I don't think I change that much
I'm pretty much always outspoken. And welcoming
I've become more like my normal self. I'm less stiff now that I'm used to everyone so well.
And I'm very kind to newcomers unless stupidity arises.
you are much more confident sounding than when I met you 
To be fair, I have had some IRL personality changes over the last year or so.
she is Architect 
I meant who are you talking about? The actual prostitute or another girl
the actual prozzie
how sweet the way she cares about the Earther cop
He buys her and gets her to teach him belter instead of fucking her. If I was a prostie, I'd probalby like the guy too
aZombieKitten: I think I actually have a similar reverse sense of wondering whether the intros actually analyze people as systematically as they seem to and whether they actually believe some of the things they claim to, or if they're just verbally logic'ing on the fly. 
I do think the detachment varies.
I also think it makes a difference of intros talking with other understanding intros versus people who don't get it.
Of course, we circlejerk hypotheticals a lot.
architect I use MBTI as a coping device to explain why I was unpopular in HS
i divide the world into INTJ and non-INTJ, I haven't bothered to see if it's scientific
(since I heard MBTI wasn't scientific)
I have since grown to find the MBTI system is a fairly good general system for relating to people as overarching concepts
You guys have sold me on that
It's definitely a simple way of understanding people.
I still don't really understand mbti
 I absolutely haven't seen it as perfect, though.
It felt like reading my horoscope
And it's far and away been considered relatively debunked.
sup cunts
But you can see some of the overarching differences between things like T vs F and I vs E.
Just a simple classification of the complexity of personality.
.context
But we do have a habit of circlejerking it, particularly proclaiming people we don't like to be [personality that clashes].
Tbh I haven't really looked into those differences
I should
It's just like...if someone's a J
you know they are going to relate to the world in a particular way
vs a P
in very very generic terms
It's a clustering of personality traits, really.
it's just a fast way to very generically understand a person
Mmhm. 
Eli5 the dif between j and p
yeah often it's uncanny
J, a judger
For people who deeply understand the MBTI, you can say "Oh, she's INFJ" and those people will have this basic picture in their head of that person's thought processes and personality.
P, a constant thinker
you are P DG69 
i am J
political pundits, especially the economist types, tend to be overwhelming INTJ
Action vs thought, I would often call it.
someone who comes to conclusions vs someone who thinks there's always more to consider/subjectivity
etc
in a sense
Ps think...and then they think some more.
its basically openmindedness vs. resolute
right
I didn't know DG69 was a P though
Js think, then they plan, then they act out on their plans.
but I guess I can see that
P's are researchers and QA
J's are engineers
J's build models
a few INTPs are very judgmental of INTJs
You can really tell Js by if they're list makers and how structured they are. 
P's question things
whereas the opposite isn't true
they think we're impulsive
Architect you are surprised I am p?
No, it makes sense
DG69 is very P
I just sort of realized I have no idea what you're MBTI would be
E
N
something
P
?
Because p is open mindedness drok?
how do i find out what i am?
I would say you more often don't come to many conclusions about things than that you're simply open minded
questioning
link pls
.tell worldtraveller mbti
mbti?
Oh lol
And our current list of people's MBTIs:
.mbti
As I'm literally questioning drok about why I'm P
The answer is that I'm questioning?
yeah
Sms isn't on the mbti list
Is he?
Haha aZombieKitten 
He isn't
I don't see him there.
Testing commands. :)
Lol
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/416cvl/would_you_ever_date_someone_who_said_they_are_a/cz02awz
hey drok 
fuck you bro
:(
no sad faces
just fuck you
:(((((((((((((((
for invalidating rape survivors
Actually GLO invalidated them
I actually validated their damage
I feel like at this point, if we're going to have rape and rape + possibliity of you dying, we need a different word for "im going to make you fuck me and then im going to kill you"
Huh?
like, you have sexual assault, you have rape, and then you have like...rapder
murder+rape
Oh
murdape
Like the opposite of chill rape
pretty much everything in that thread is pants on head batshit stupid
exactly
lol, the meebster dropping bombs
someone call a seismologist
Haha
I mean panda should let men know she has damage
i must admit i still don't get the point of such rigid philosophies or teaming up into a groupthink opinion, surely anyone asking a question with with a nuanced and complex answer where everyone just replies "omg that's so [whatever]pill" is completely pointless and the entire conversation is inflamatory from both perspectives
I feel bad for her BF's. She is a huge cunt to them, but can't even say no the random guy asking for her number on the bus (while she has a bf)
you might as well just not bother with comments and have a team red vs. team blue vote-off on comments, winner is the one that brigades votes the most
That's pretty much what it is
Sanctioned shit flinging
then why bother masking it with the attempt of serious dialogue? if it's going to backfire into a preschool debate level of black v. white arguments anyway and everyone knows it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQFKtI6gn9Y
k guys i created my account and all
Argument clinic is probably one of Monty Python's top 3 skits
drok: i've noticed women find you magnetic up to a point, and then they flip for some reason
i created my username and pw
is there a login button somehwere?
follow the picture instructions
ppd bot wants to kick me
it'll make it clear
It real life it's probably just to the point where I would have had sex with them or closed that window
Probably. 
WL and PR both had similar reactions to you
"*******I've been on here like 10 minutes and received like 50 messages! You guys are really desperate." <-- PoF profile
what a butthole
lol
she's not wrong though.
technically she is, but even if she wasn't, she's basically insulting people for wanting to engage her
sure.
that's retarded
she's retarded
meeb: I don't know, it's like an itch you have to scratch
cxj: type this
 /mode cxj +x
typed it
07:36:35 -|- cxj [uid90459@id-90459.charlton.irccloud.com] has quit [Registered]
07:36:35 -|- cxj [uid90459@cxj.users.quakenet.org] has joined #purplepilldebate
welcome :P
ty
do i need to do this every time i join irc
you need to log into Q *and* set usermode +x with the above command
just /auth and /mode commands
no
you can automate it
i made my account and pw
k, i messaged her for funzies
lol
cxj: you need to set up your script
k
im looking at the pic
u made
#SoHandy
#SuchContribution
i dont see the add a network button
also my screens all blue the pic is black 
ok, well that's an issue with your LCD panel, but anyways
look at the bottom right of your screen
your email
beside your email is a cog wheel
it's in there
aha!
Gadzooks!
eh
behbeh'
I think Charlotte McKinney has the oddest boobs
lool
Architect--
lol, I mean she's hot
but her boobs are odd
they're both really long
but then not saggy
they like...sit...on her upturned ribcage
it's like a posture thing
K, im tired. My queue to skidoo
morning
hey
Mornin'
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41707x/modern_western_women_shunned_70_of_men_aged_2034/cz04sfu
Haha
hehe marriage
I find it funny how obsessed muuurica is about this issue
he is very angry
I bet the chick he likes is dating some "asshole"
Panda isnt wrong though
No one has money these days
'Checkmate: we have fleshlights'> I think women have the whole sex toy thing down far more than men
yeah BTL
she isnt
I mean a shit ton of people need that double salary
And lets face it how many people earn enough so that their wives can be SHMs?
I also wonder if declining marriage rates have to do with less people being religious
While still being able to do most of the things they want
and there being less of stigma on co-habitation
I think its both
Less money to do the whole family shtick
what are the co-habitation numbers?
yeah
also lots of people are all
we will live to gether until we can afford to be married
So why even get married if you can get the same stuff as married people by jut co habitation
Its not as if you can afford to have children
yeah true
And there is less stigma on not being married
So they can chill down and not work as hard
yeah
Though there is this whole "rrvival" going on
People are getting more religious nowadays
are they
ok
Also give it 2-3 years maybe 5 at best and we will have another crisis
So even less money and more debtd
economic crises?
Yeah they are in the usa and we noticed it in the netherlands too
man
Slowly more people are becoming christian and what not
that sucks
Yeah another economic crisis
hopefully the economic thing stays off for 3 years
I will be competley debt  free by then
So save up money folks and buy them houses for 20/30% less
nothing sadder than a confused fattie http://i.imgur.com/r1Dlshq.jpg
heheh
he looks cuddly
yeah, that's what he is getting
because guys live and die for that shit
lol
in the jungle, fatties are the first to go https://i.imgur.com/tdgnCa1.gifv
well yeah
cause they cant run fast
also
let me just pet a wild animal
stupid
people are so damn stupid about the big "cats"
they are not house catse
they are not domesticated
and when they feel like it
RIP David Bowie http://www.gameinformer.com/themes/blogs/generic/post.aspx?WeblogApp=news&y=2016&m=01&d=15&WeblogPostName=square-enix-celebrates-david-bowies-life-with-free-omikron-the-nomad-soul&GroupKeys=
we are getting better out domesticating them though
they will rip your throat out and drag you into a tree and eat you
we should not domesticate them
they should not be pets\
they are upredictable
just like a cat is
yeah
but a house cat is unlikey to be able to kill you
they dont have the strength
you don't want a thing that is about 70kgs  of muscle, or higher, to be fucking unpredictable
excatly
and leopards have ridiculously strng jaws
they can pull an animal into a tree with their jaws
gratis is an english word now?
you have no chance if a leopard gets your throat'
graits
*gratis
yeah
we stole it
now David Bowie lives forever 
as agay blue thing in gold
Square Enix has announced that for a limited time it will be giving away the game via its storefront. It costs $9.99 regularly, but by entering the code Omikron at checkout, you can get it gratis.
he would probably enjoy that Mashakos
its a very bowie bowie simulrcum
the fuck
Gratis is like a word in many languages
yeah
thats what English does
steals the words
and then accuses other languages of doing that
it originally comes from Latin gratia
they call it an anglisism
yeah
no sorry
but Latins dead now
gratiis
then english adopted it
damn
yep
it's just too bad David Bowie had the misfortune of meeting David Cage when he wanted to collaborate on a video game instead of someone with actual maturity 
why?
who is David Cage
what David Cage thinks sex is like https://youtu.be/YzM-Jvf3dqU?t=110
and this was TEN YEARS after the game with David Bowie
you can imagine how the emotional maturity of the 1999 game was like
hahaha
omg this is so cringy.....
I know
but come one
it's like that 40 year old virgin movie, when he's describing sex
sex is inherently a cringey thing to put in a game
hold on now
it will be cringey having 3D avatars "simulate" an erotic scene for decades, sure
doesn't mean you give the director's chair to a grown man with the brain of a 14 year old.
hehehe
you should not play Mass Effect
Great game, but the sex-scenes... omg
amusingly enough, the most mature depiction of sex 've seen in a videogame was from Grand Theft Auto of all places
fuck the hooker and kill her for the money back?
they did the smart thing, zoomed the camera out of the apartment, showing views of the city to sounds of fucking
  that is sart
*smart
I really wonder why all these porn games are so big in Japan
hey dencrypt_, you do know that  GTA is about giving the player agency right?
oh fuck
I was totally thinking of a different dude
so when you say "fuck the hooker and kill her for the money back"
fuck david cage
that' snot the game, that's you
but Snarkesian said it was
right
hehehe
and she must know
hehe
I mean she does all those videos
well, my emotional attachment to polygons are somewhat limited
japanese are just weird faggots
huh?
but there are reason for that
it's their high pressure culture
its a crazy culture
Read somewhere that if the birthrate continues to go down in Japan, the entire population will be gone by the end of the century
wow
It's like one in 4 man is an incel there
Neets and shit
part of the problem is that if a woman gets pregnant
it's not gonna happen though
she is also expected to stop working immediately
yes
RedManBearPig: probably not, but they have a problem with so few children are born. Who's gonna pay the pensions and shit
it's the work of traditionalism clashing with modernity in japan
yeah
and the culture makes rebelling against tradition very hard and more unlikely
yeah
Japan was basically closed for foreigners for 300 years or something between 1500-1800 something
japan became such a weird country when it started mixing cultures like it's nobodies business
yeah
South Korea did that better
mixing western and asian culture
yep
like the thing where they blur out the genitals
in porn
that came from the Americans
after ww2
it wasnt always a Japanese thing
I find the japaneese women fuck-whimper kinda turnoff
yeah its annoying
I dated a japaneese (half-japaneese) a few years back
had to let her go because of that
when I think back it kinda reminds me of a child having nightmares
for real?
hahahahaha
I thought that shit was just faked
it's real alright
unless the sound was her kink or something
I guess anecdotal evidence is not evidence really
so she was half-swede half-jap
sounds hot actually
still got her number?
no
I had to change my number
wooow
when I stopped seeing her I could wake up in the morning with 30 missed calls
thats a bit crazy
30 missed calls
obsession much?
big cock I guess
:D
nah, she was kinda crazy
hahah
you got a good taste in women
maybe
but somehow I end up with the crazy ones
all my LTR's been feminists
that's what I'm saying
don't fucking know how that happens everytime
there is your problem
maybe you have a crazy magnet implanted in your skin by aliens
and it just attracts them
I also have that crazy magnet
RedManBearPig: are you me?
:)
nah
I don't supercrazy
oooh
date*
I'll fuck em though
RedManBearPig++
ok f u bot then
dencrypt_++
there we go
RedManBearPig++
susandeath++
ok f u bot then
Lol
susandeath our super South African
:)
hey! the free David Bowie game is a steam key
nice
Helloooo
well play it and see if you approve of bowie
Everyone
hey chirp
Hey susandeath
read this account of David Cage meeting up with David Bowie http://www.gameinformer.com/b/news/archive/2016/01/14/quantic-dream_2700_s-david-cage-reflects-on-his-first-meeting-with-david-bowie-for-omikron.aspx
I hate David Cage even more now. That fucker!
David Bowie wrote a whole ALBUM for the game
that is very cool
but explain the hate?
is it just cause you think he is dumb
David Cage is an untalented hack. Even he doesn't understand how lucky he was.
oooh
you can tell from the article
I kinda skimmed it to be honest
he has no technical skills, he likes to be called a game 'director' even though he releases material that looks written by a 14 year old
so are his games not fun?
he was lucky to be in France during the late 90s, a hub for demo sceners
demo sceners were cutting edge programmers.
his games are shit
oh ok
there is very little gameplay not to detract from the "story"
and the "story" is cringe worthy
but
but?
they are beautifully made
all his games
oh
which makes it even more infuriating.
and this one has bowie's music in it
real talent wasted on garbage
so that must add to the beuaty
r/TRP just put a censorship in place, damn
how?
you're only allowed to post Theory posts
So no more whining
I wonder why they did that
I mean not too long ago it was all
to much noise
we give men the space to bitch and moan
too much*
anger is good
let men express it
I have when people use that word
"noise"
yeah
I mean its a reddit
Yeah
whats it for if not for "noise"
someone should make /rtrpanger
lol
for all those anger phasers to have a space to complain
maybe I should make an alt
redschoolanger
and then create the reddit
I think people missunderstand where the term noise comes from when it comes to communication theory
HAH
Do it
Make me a mod
yes I will
Ok so brand new accounts cant create subreddits
if you view a subreddit can you see who created it?
cause I think if I make one with my old username
and people search it
yes
then they will know what I want to do is laugh at them
as far asd I know they can look it up
damn
ok well now I will haved to use my alt a bit
what threshold do you need to surpass for it?
I dunno
well let me start creating a history for redschoolanger
unless you want to create the subreddit
hmm nah
I don't want to invoke the anger of the betas on me
hahaha
oh wait
M <RedManBearPig> I think people missunderstand where the term noise comes from when it comes to communication theory
I agree with this though
I get how they use it
But they use it wrong
isn't it supposed to be things that obscure the message?
like for example
Yes
if you make a poster and you add too much colour and the brand you are trying to push gets obscured?
so that someone seeing it
doesnt rememebr the brand name
You can call that noise yeah
so in what way are anger posts "noise" then
I mean there are flairs and everything
so its really easy to find the theory stuff
The message didn't get properly processed so it leads up to a faulty response
The censorship is for two days apperently
but this is gonna happen more often
probably
but they started it already when they laid down all those formatting rules
its like they are taking more control of the message that os getting out
so it becomes less of a members contribute
and more of the leaders sya what happens
thats kinda cultlike
uhu
which is not to say I think that redpill theory is culty
but the sub kinda gives me that vibe
and I know culty
I was in one
people are being exploited everywhere when it comes to the dating game
yeah they are
PuA
yep
Red pillers who try to sell a better lifestyle to men
yeah them too
and even just books
not even PuA or RP
radfems and they many many articles they write
that may not be exploitative as such
but leads to men being exploited
because they feel lost and confused
Right
I should make a post
you should
"The age of the great exploitation of men"
THen make a ebook out of it
and sell it
yeah
lol4
RedManBearPig++
one more step closer to world domination
that irony would be so glorious I'd be happy all my life
:)
do it
I will
susan have you seen this vid?
https://www.facebook.com/LADbible/videos/2635282769852230/
gah
my internet crapped out on me
that is hilarious
yep
oooh nice
do they have vinegar on them?
lots!
nice
boom https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUPuMs3E_k0
Why are you sloots up so early on a Saturday morning
its afternoon here
stop being so ignorant witzie
ill slap u silly
that vinegar made you feisty Jack
yeah
i used to be such a good boy
I hate my neighbours
I swear they think they still live in fucking brakpan
love thy neighbour
stupid ass base
vibrating my house
cunt asses
yea
and I cant even phone the cops 
cause its daylight
yup
so I just have to deal
and now the drumming circle
yay
lol
I don't believe in foreign time zones
fucking hippies
witzie
they believe in YOU!
Like evolution and vaccines
I'm ahead you in time AND intelligience
It's a conspiracy
Your time zone doesn't exist Jack4ss
It's 8 am
1am
I don't understand why guys need TRP. Whenever I start getting that creeping feeling that maybe women are not complete sloots, I check youtube.
june 29: I Cheated on My Boyfriend | The Whole Story https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hje3uGAKvbs
Sept. 4: About My Abusive Boyfriend | Follow Me Around Friday https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1dER-fV_Zk
yer all SLOOTS!
I think I should burn my neighbours house down
beat him to death with his speakers first
sexy susandeath 
burn it all
burn it allllll
it wouldnt be so bad if he just had some decent taste in music
as opposed to just crap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2unMCXvTK7Y
I approve of this female
O please Mashakos you just see another chick for your kink group
"kink group"?
Anal?
C for creativity BTL
Lol
So
Is EBERYONE PLEASED WITH HIS LIFE?!?!?!
no
Got ya twrepers!!!!!!!
fine Mashakos 
your bridging club
#BlacittersMatter
hey blowing!
how you doing today?
Hey susandeath !
lol @ this https://youtu.be/ZZY8jFcFGI0?t=395
I'm good today. Packing for my trip right now. How are you?
(skip to 6:35)
I am planning to beat my neighbours to death with their music system
and then burn their house down
you know
normal saturday stuff
Lol just the usual
yeah
I have to see him today :(
oh?
why?
I'm dropping the kids with him for the weekend
ah
could your parents not help you out with that?
my moms coming with me to drop them off
ok well that helps
My jetlag is driving me crazy
why?
I fall asleep at like 9 and then get up at 4am :/
you could just learn to live that way
get going
gym 
etc
Yeah ideally. But all my meetings for achool are like at 10pm and last 3 hours
oooh
well yeah
then that sucks
Just got to tired myself out until it fixes itself lol
yeah
thats pretty much the best way
Yeah haha
OMFG https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_RIwM4DQBQ
Dude I am just 30 secs in
Fuck this
I might die of a cringe overdose
BeyondTheLight> I might die of a cringe overdose <- you didn't get to the "I LOVE loving things!" song...
Fine lol
I am at the part where the mother is like wherr did I vo wrong
Hahhaa
Furry weebos Mashakos 
Fukin furries?
couldn't watch that part, skipped
damn..
this video feels like it's ten hours long.....
I stopped at 5
Then skipped to the end to the naruto weebs
Still no idea why they were dressed like tbat
holy shiiiiiit
a eweb dude dressed like a 12 year old girl
creepy
oh sure
and i'm not going to get arrested, its legal in my country
sure you do
:P
filozof i thought you were older than me 
but they don't usually feel the need to describe yourself as "nice guys"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7A0U6kQNCN0
i was born the same year as you
I can't find much about the show, but it looks interesting enough to try out.
nah.
why did you think i was older?
whoever introduces me as a decent/wahtever guy
i cringe
if my husband had told me he was a nice guy i would have been like....nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I think it's a historical romance
if that's how you need to describe yourself
i didnt know what year you were born hahaha
girls told me im a nice guy
so i know i am one
that's a red flag. you don't just let your integrity speak for itself
i dont think i've ever asked your age before, i just assumed
that sounds about right
cakeforallofyou++
aidan turner is nice to watch
thx susandeath 
i'm curious why you assumed that katniss
it was a valid point
I assume everyone here is older haha
i am a nice guy
witzie is younger than you, for example
well done drok i bet you get all the women by saying that
I hate my neighbours
I am gonna burn their fucking house down
how come?
i thought you meant that my behavior made me seem older katniss
cake
like sunnie thought i was in my 30s apparently
its after midnight
and they are still playing music
gross
call the police?
and they ignored me when I trued to ask them to turn it doen
i thought sunnie was younger than me and im pretty sure she's older
so I called the cops
i have no concept of age :P
good decision
and they turned it down for like 6 minnutes
and now its loud aghain
oh my god susandeath
kill them
and now the cops are at a robbery
yes, it gives the women a moist loaf cakeforallofyou, hashtag AtlasB 
you gave them 2 chances
so they cant come here yeah
#moistloaf
then the cops can come for a murder
lol
haha ayeah
sounds good
haha
hearing the skype conv
they'll leave for a murder
it is so funny
her voice has like this vibe
'i am all talk"
what skype conversation?
the one with atlab and the idealistic woman and whatever else was in
http://vocaroo.com/i/s0HGTMLSy7LK
oh
like
I just got Outlander up to date.  That last season was hard to watch!  I wasn't expecting that level of detail to the bad parts.
that was architect and blowing
oooh yeah
and what else
architect blowing and who else
is that the one that witz was in and too drunk ?
i can barely hear anyone
bbiab
arch, blowing, witz and idealist i think
can you hear the girl?
i have done all the things in life
lolololo
i don't know what she's saying
feels!
FEELS
I should get a brick
write 
TURN DOWN THE MUSIC
on it
and throw iot over the wall
do it
and keep doing it until they shut the fuck up
is architect the one who recorded it?
i can only hear one dude clearly
arch is the one talking i think
im not sure who recorded it
Arch recorded it
TURN DOWN FOR WHAT???
turn down for susandeath, please"
hahahaha
no I said please this afternoon when my house was vibrating
and got the big fuck you
at least its not that loud any more
but still
"would i still owned property if my husband died"
its the principle now ;)
what the
its still loud enough for me to hear the music in my house clearly
twerpes want to take all my stuff
they want me to not be a business woman
wtf
how did u last for an hour
oh yeah
drinks!
"do you want pain or death?" "...Death" "torture him...and what about you? pain or death?" "....pain?" "torture him"  hahahaha
 
i love this film
cake or death
cake until death :D
14:17:53 <firionsomething> "would i still owned property if my husband died"
hahaha
IF RP CAME TO POWER
when has that not been the case?
is there a secret rp club or sth
this wine is gross but i want to keep drinking :( 
like that other club that handed out patriarchy cards?
its cheat day, if i dont have it now I can't have it at all :'(
I want to fucking kill this piece of shit dumb hole
.context
...BTL you're not helping your murder-y thing
sometimes they gave the property to the son(s) with the expectation of caring for the mother
but women  never magically lost the family property after the death of the husband
They didnt
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419pij/how_does_not_wanting_to_date_a_rape_victim_make/cz0slnq
They could still own property
yeah
I swear to god how is that dumb hole breathing?
people who dont know history are the worse
what
did she catch an evee again?
people get so worked up about how men should man up and marry the rape victims
Does someone whisper in her ears "breathe in, breath out"? Or some shit like that?
BTL you need to hit them over the head again...i thought you were well practised in the killing thing?
even if that sucks for the men
<Katniss_Granger> ...BTL you're not helping your murder-y thing
Cant help it Katniss_Granger 
now katniss
that's me
If people are this stupid I just cant keep myself from doing it :(
i told you
come to greece already
i will make you forget
(not directly)
Just get food
Silly woman
but
they're
in
there
lol
peoples upvote my comment please
are they fucking?
if no
go get food
chasingstatues is the woman talking most in the recording, not blowing
who is the one who keeps bringing up collectivism
firionsomething - there's 8 of them ,I hope they're not fucking
I don't know, I'd have to listen to it again
ok
the one who keeps saying how all twerps will come to poer
*power
and make her not own property or be the head of a company
i thought that was idealist
but i wasnt in it so idk
it was idealist
Yeah retardgirl was saying that firionsomething 
lolz
i lasted like 15 minutes
thank god i finally got her to leave me alone
thats about it
Muh imaginairy rights
architect's voice helped a bit to take it a little longer
but the retard sounded like nazi when talking about jews
Yeah he has a good voice
idealist?
architect has a good chuckle
that's the archive
what's with the 3rd one
did you voice rape her into submission
lol. It's just before the others joined
Katniss_Granger++
eee
.karma
My pretties  
.karma
.karma
woooooo
compliment my chuckle gets karma.
oh yeah
Of the irc Katniss_Granger has the best voice imo
SHE PUTS THE CHUCKLE IN THE BASKET
i'm a minimum cat
.karma
BTL it's cause im british isnt it ;)
i can't tell whose voice is whose
yeah
we need a video
with puppets
Must be that Katniss_Granger 
haha
American accents always sound a little....i dont know...confrontational to me
i think
oh god i dislike so many people's voices
gosh
the terror
she sounds like
an 8 year boy
archiect is all soft and canadian and then's she's just  AAAAAHIMAMERICANRAAAARRRRRRRRANGRRRYY
i can't quite hear architect i think
Your voice is better than the average british voice Katniss_Granger 
who talks about empathy
like
It must be a specific accent
here's my empathy
Idk what it is
who is going about entitlement/money
lol
ok
i got it
man
who told skippet to skippet?
i cant hear her talk
I had voice training classes BTL I have the accentless accent -the one they use on the news
she sounds annoying
:O
received pronunciation i think it's called
ok i am now bored
You do sound like one of those announcers
wtf https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/d5/41/c7/d541c76c6d681b4cdffa2d6c76dba57f.jpg
I totally adore it
lol
I linked that to drok SerNemesis 
ok
Laughed my ass off
lets do some post modernism on this shit
oh yeah Katniss I learnt received pronunciation too
I'd adore yours if you weren't half dead of manflu when i heard you BTl :P
the pokemon is gay people
ikr BeyondTheLight 
the trainer is convervative family
actually no
the pokemon is an asian
who is idealist?
who decided to be a model
Architect, your voice is nice
and not get straight As
so the asian parents are ashamed
Hahaah FirionDarklight 
I think his voice is nice too cake - it's calming 
Yeah his is good
The others are wtereotypical murican
she sounds like my cousin
murrrican
which
cakeforallofyou: thank you girly
is annoying as fuck
blowing told skipit to skipit
right, okay
i like blowing
"i am murican with my stereotypical murican accent and i know it all"
(from that one snippet)
gosh
Hahahah blowing
Nice
that's the first time i must have disliked someone from just hearing them talk
all my time spent in the us has been up north, so i have no tolerance for most accents
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419pij/how_does_not_wanting_to_date_a_rape_victim_make/cz0u30l
new england accents are so adorable
how are new england accents?
are they close to british
Yeah FirionDarklight I want to shove a gun throat and make her choke on that
they're niiiice. and a bit.
sounds like that bitch that comes into conventions and is like " immmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaa GRILLLLLL"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sutl7Ou6DV4 her face is a bit distracting but i like her accent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-K0JsdX3jLQ maiiiine
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419pij/how_does_not_wanting_to_date_a_rape_victim_make/cz0rvx4
lol that analogy
Lol SerNemesis guess he needs more money to get his analogies correct, because rhat law degree of his isn't working out
HAHAHA 
that analogy has gone full retard
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419pij/how_does_not_wanting_to_date_a_rape_victim_make/cz0uha3
CWM seems to have lost his mind
sigh
okay i'm gonna start stirring up anger: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419pij/how_does_not_wanting_to_date_a_rape_victim_make/cz0upl4
i hate it when i have to think to chat
.quote  <happywifelife> i hate it when i have to think to chat
how do we add
.quoteadd  <happywifelife> i hate it when i have to think to chat
lol
what
i like it
:)
.add  <happywifelife> i hate it when i have to think to chat
.help
.quote add  <happywifelife> i hate it when i have to think to chat
well that didn't help.
haha
wot
more carma
fuck yo
FirionDarklight++
give me karma!
firiondarklight++
.quote add  <happywifelife> i hate it when i have to think to chat
woah
that bot is bossy!
aren't i vain
.karma FirionDarklight 
probably need to be more than a cat.
but
i have claws!
.quote add  <happywifelife> i hate it when i have to think to chat
you're welcome 
thanks TheXanMan 
no probs
.karma thexanman
really
what's the catch!
you need 15 karma to add quotes 
that's beautiful.
hah, figured i'd get banned for my first rpw comment in months
guess not lol
happywifelife did you make /r/fuckfeminists?
yes
thought so
cool
its her me tempy
yeah
who else
i think phant, but she didnt really want to
it never went anywhere tho lol
yeah, all that hating
so much time
lolz
man this rape thread is awesome
happywifelife, why the hate on the stockings primer?
honestly?
because why do we need that
in rpw
because some ladies like that?
theres 10000  subs for women with that stuff
are there?
where?
it frivolous blather, it serves no significant life-pattern-changing ideas 
its cosplay
maybe there needs to be like, a /r/redpillfrills sub
rpw isnt about the outsides, imo.  Any meatbag can wear some fancy outside
for that sort of stuff
because i know i enjoy it, even if it's not quite the heart of the topic
it's ok for you to enjoy it
it's ok for me to think it's a big fat fuffy distraction from the heart of the matter
:)
that's reasonable! it would be good if it were separated out.
I know my situation and opinions on makeup/fashion are way outside the norm though
how so?
i dont wear makeup, my hubs hates it.  We don't even have fashion on our radar.
https://www.reddit.com/r/breakfeminazis/
lol!
i used to mod that
what do you wear, happywifelife ?
he likes me naked, and his pride in my appearance is more about what i can accomplish and what my heart is made of
awww
she is clothed in dignity :)
(bad quoting cake)
i wear jeans and stuff, i get dirty all day
what do you do?
we are starting our own self-sustaining farm, i've been interning and working on several farms this last year
!! that's so cool!
im a dirty jeans kind of gal anyway
I would love that, one day maybe!
for now i have a pot of kitchen herbs and that's it.
but seriously, i understand thats not the norm
it's pretty rad though
thanks, i hope we make it
lol
i just find the cosplay threads annoying
an dnothing to do with RPW
yes
farming is hard, but sufficiency farming is okay
but they can be there
sure
i usually just dont even read
AtlasB, that makes sense. i would like a separate section so that i could post more frippery maybe
nah go ahead and post it
oh im wingnut btew
you might not know
lol
happywifelife, subsistence farming is what i meant
AtlasB, you're wingn?
yeh
lol
how confusing
lol 
this is my PPD posting name
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419abq/linkedin_photos_ranked_by_competence_influence/cz0v8j3
AtlasB, huh, there you go.
sernemesis stop triggering them
:P
chemistry and biology are so girly
it's like women are not capable of getting higher abstractio
yeah
hey everyond
me to
i had to study for months for an account exam just cause im so shit at maths
fuck maths
hey chirp
chirp chirp chirp
hey sernemis
SerNemesis: 
i remember one ftm tranny talking about how he started getting science after the hormone therapy
i'm eagerly waiting for the time when science is politically incorrect enough to prove that
its so obviously true
proving that male hormones make men more likely to get science would be the ultimate triumph over feminist nonsense
and their annoying talk about how "its how culture makes women"
even in poland we have campaigns to get women to technical universities
science like chemistry/bio or like physics
and im like why the hell do we need women there
i feel like women are generally better at the latter
if women are good enough, they can go themselves
oh my
former you mean chirp?
poland is getting cucked
meh
yes
lmao
here goes my immigartion destination
yeah
russia it is!
biology and chemistry are about memorization
not abstraction and logic
i'm working on that FirionDarklight 
workingo n what
i would not be able to do bilogy
too much memorization for my brain
what do biologists do
practically
like whats their jo
job
to biologize
!
lol
to teach biology
they work at starbucks
the smart ones go to med school
and become doctors
ugh orgo though
thats like a new language
girls are generally better at that i think
organic chemistry?
yeah
thank god i didn't have to do that
yeah
ugh i took one semeseter of that worst time of my life
ikr
and this is what women want to do for a living?
boring stem jobs?
for 40 yrs?
they want to get a mrs. degree. they just don't know it
Hello in here
i'm glad i've managed to steer clear of boring stem
i'm too lazy for grindy jobs
doctors arent stem right? i cant memorize for shit
i remember how in middle school when our teacher asked whether the stem exam or the humanities exam was easier, all girls said the humanities were easier
Doctor is less grind-work than a lot of STEM jobs.
and all boys said stem
i wonder how do feminist explain that
who socialized them to think that way?
they say its all cultural
right
no one
i don't think it is considered stem chirp
but that 9 years of extra schooling is like so not worth it
SerNemesis: yeah they invented STEMM now
STEMM?
the last m is for medicine
Oh.
Hi, lo_andbehold!
I have an awesome STEM job
isnt that under ST?
Good to see you! how are you to day?
yeah and STEAM
where they threw Arts in
lol
I'm doing well. :) How are you?
Why would you throw the arts in? -_-
It's not at all related to the others.
The only reason my school tagged on the Arts is because the humanities department was the largest one.
arts people don't want to be left out
if they want to start including everything  in one name they can just say "subjects" 
ikr
I want an L thrown in there please, my Law feels left out
STLEAMM
I'm trying to eat dinner and not very happy about it lol
Work makes it hard for me to stick to my diet and eat like I should
don't forget my women studies
offs
lmao
erm
how to make a nether portal
WSTLEAMM
STWEALM 
women should be at the front
lmao
what is this a progressive stack
shhh dont be politically incorrect
dilluting my STEM
git out ye lib arts majors
there's feels floating around, we dont want to hurt them :(
AtlasB: 4 across by 5 up of obsidian in a vertical rectangle.
Just the edges.
Then light with flint & steal.
I share a campus with the business school and the arts school...its an odd mix
My uni was just all in one, but we had different "colleges" within it.
mine was called 40 acres for a reason
ooh we've got different school within the uni but spread all over the city 
The College of Education, College of Health & Behavioral Sciences, etc.
Ours was all on one campus.
Regular state uni, though.
Roughly 10 minute walk between classes if you were across campus.
I don't know what's in the other campuses...i dont enter their territory unless im stealing their costa cafe
law building got stuck with starbucks :( 
geeze its not a gang territory Katniss_Granger its a college
i think that what bluepillers are saying is "being raped is so traumatizing, you should be helping rape victims not rejecting them"
law students have no taste, so they wouldnt be able to tell anyway
its absolutely gang territory sexy
i can tell
starbucks uses dishwater instead of coffee
what are the colors
just get the pumpkin spice latte like a normal white girl
colours dont matter, im in the posh building, i win
the games design building is literally called the basement and their compute room has no windows, i decided to sneak in once, it was scary
the best computer labs are basements
pish toffee nut latte is where its at thank you very much
cheap and easy to lose track of time so you can do lots of work without worrying about such things as social life and sanity"
hahaha
Man, we were on the first floor initially at my nerd school. All of the giant ass cockroaches came out.
oooh i went down to the uni's sub basement with their massive collection of books
ive seriously missed parties because ive lost track of time in one
and i found some fromlike 1706
And they would come at you.
it was amazing
jack4ss
lets talk on pdd
minecraft
and some were so expensive they were locked u
we didnt even have a country in 1706 ;_;
and they were in electric motorised book cases
like wtf
oh the moving bookshelves are cool
they were all leather bound and falling apart
i've never seen moving bookshelves haha
i was dead impressed, got no work done cause i was looking aroun
the ones where theres a wheel on the side you can spin
and it moves the whole bookcase left or right
so that way you can stick more bookcases in and just open up the area that you want
ours was buttons rather than a wheel...peasant ;)
maybe we just had more books than yours
there was a brothers grimm fairy tale book but i dont know how old it was cause it was locked away in the expensive cage
and a midsummers nights dream
i wanted to touch them :(
i wnated to touch them
if you did you would have been granted one wish
touch what
they had all theses super super old books but didnt have a copy of the economist from 2004, s'bullshit 
i wanted to touch the books firion 
they were pretty and smelled nice
i got lots of books
you can touchthem
from 1706?
i think not
well
dracula is old
unless if we are talking about literally from 1706
there's lots of newbies trying to get in?

?
Did shit go down again?
I just watched the cringiest thing
uh oh
I'm hiding in a bathroom again
At a bar
Again?
What happened this time?
I can't shit talk them anywhere else but here lol
but
There's a mid thirties CC rider in our group (just met her tonight) throwing herself at the bartender
they are behind you
does the have the 1000 cock stare?
It's hard to watch
*does she
Oh yeah
And another girl
33 years old
With BRACES
those are not girls
haven't seen her since college
Woman
why does she have braces
33 year old wai man
braces? D:
Woman
I have no idea
whyman
i like that
braces is better than manky teeth? 
like men but keep asking why
That just made me think of "Dayman."
She doesn't even have gross teeth
The braces are ??????why??????
probably cause she has braces
LOL
maybe they were ruined by 2 much deeptrhoating
wait wait wait
bracesf
for teeth
And there's a unicorn
Who met her fianc on tinder
or braces as in suspender thingies that men where
lol what
With the most gorgeous engagement ring I've ever seen in person
tinder fiance
Teeth
cause apparently they're called braces too
now thats a new one
ah
time to check the matches again!
She's 35
apparently quite a few relationships come from tinder
which i find odd
does she lift
He proposed over the holidays apparently
cause i thought it was a hook up thing
Her ring is out of control
but i've never had it
so idk
i dont even have a smartphone to get it if i wanted to :P
what's so nice about the ring?
The 33 yr old with braces is ripshit about the tinder girl
Woman*
It's gigantic square diamond
what is ripshit
Surrounded by diamond
Ripshit = pissed as hell
why
Mad as hell
Not drunk
She's single
hahahaha
awh
Chronically single
With braces
Lol
aww
only girl i knew with braces
gave aweosome head
And diamonds all on the band
I doubt Chelsea gives good head
well
thats why she is single
She's a WASPy bitch but I love her
I doubt she gives head
head and braces made me cringe
bad thoughts
definitely why
they remove them during the act you dummy
She's 5'11
You can't take braces off!!!!!
.....i thought braces were stuck on
Someone who looks like Flo was a cunt to me earlier
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/mCF794vf/IMG_1311.JPG
^^
The bride to be is wasted
And I don't want to go back out there
but i have seen them do it blowing
:O
Retainer maybe
If she removed her braces, then she didn't have braces.
Or Invisalign?
yeah i think you're thinking of a retainer
She maybe had a retainer or invisalign.
Those things are removable.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/ZWUu8ATN/IMG_1314.JPG
FirionDarklight:  ^^
yes
maybe it was retainer
 i dont know
If she ripped those off to blow you, that's hardcore
 i didnt care at the point
lmao
There's no fuckin way she removed those if she had them.
she reaaaally wanted to give that BJ
since you know i was fucking her brains out
FirionDarklight++
.karma
I better go back before they start thinking I'm taking a mid party public poo
good luck
I have a major RP thing to share when more people are chatting
how does the 1000 cock stare look looks?
Thanks FirionDarklight !
6/10
now i mean
whats that look like
It looks like too much eye makeup and shame
hm
She gave the bartender her number
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2014/08/27/the-difference-between-promiscuous-men-and-promiscuous-women/
haha
Unsolicited
She wrote it on a post it and kissed it
And said "great Brew tour!"
well
1000+1
Bc he gave us a tour
Of the brewery part
she wants the B
Of the bar
Lol
Poor guy
The female bartenders are all hot AF primes and he has sloppy CC after him hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCOQNMSwDO4
LOL
one cock rule one cock rulei ain't no beats fool
haha
womenz womenz HER ANKLE took advanatge of youyou wasted your best years on vampires and werewolvesand now you cry your tears cause of your sore anusstamp your little feet saying, "you betas must pay for this!!!"
lol this is hilarious everyone: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIYwI6r3MTU&t=4m48s
watch from there for a minute
wtf
wtf is even happening
pulls a gun on him
what was he doing in the first place with the pole?
he ran out of the car and tried to take that guy's I guess
he went back to get a rod to break the window
im guessing
and the guy in the car had a gun
woww twat
jeeesus the lengths some people will go to
ikr
lol
some of these are so funny though
random pedestrains running up and jumping onto stopped cars
feel bad for the people without dashcams :P
yeah
they should start running over people who do this
"he came out of nowhere officer i couldn't hit the brakes in time"
"if he's gonna limp around like a twat i'll give him something to bloody limp about"
I just saw someone on the internet spell Aspergers as "ashburgers.* *sigh*
Hello
It's kind of an annoying word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFoes7rsZBA&t=2m15s
o.O
I actually prefer just saying "spergy" now lol
is that a kid he just threw out there?
Well, considering it's not even the right diagnosis anymore, it's just extra "why?" when someone misspells it that badly.
Although I guess A for effort.
"sperglord" is still a useful term
and "sperging out"
brb gonna get some crutches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uti_PkR3hn0
lol Katniss_Granger 
He is 30
i wonder whether i should get a dashcam
haven't heard of any insurance scams in the bay area
heard of a bunch in socal
but i mean there are also just random people here who will have an accident and pretend it wasn't their fault
 http://i.imgur.com/l0Bkp5a.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mHD1xz0ACU&t=1m30s
omg shes fucking retarded
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41awa8/what_would_a_trp_society_do_to_women_who_defied/
no ones pushing for a "trp society":
wtf would a trp society be
there are rp hedonists and rp traditionalists
no way they could agree on one society
what morons like her dont get
is
"men" couldnt become drs and lawyers either
almost no one could
and there was barely call for either
right
did the legal profession even hardly exist in the 1800s
Lol when you borrow you cousins hurr
Lol when you borrow you cousins hurr
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/RHzPJsrj/IMG_20160116_195505187_HDR.jpg
i miss my extensions. They were a pain in the butt but they were so awesome. 
It's a wig!!
It's so cute omg
Cute!
<3
I just watched Leonardo DiCaprio breathing heavy for two hours
Lol how was it?
Pretty exciting actually
lol that was the movie for real
Leonardo DiCaprio in "The Breather"
Lol
Yes
I saw someone italicize a word rather than their entire sentence once
how do I do that?
You can only do it when you're twerking
oh
its irc magic
like so
asdlkjadsdalsj
no idea if it worked
asdasdadsa
Wait that's a different trick
*__*
Lol
*________*
Love it!
So happy to see another sista around these parts! XD
Yes welcome
Wilkommen
'ello
SexyMcSexington what happened to your alternate name
SMS
people didnt like it because it references sex or something
it did?
I only know S&M
less than SexyMcSexington does?
how does SMS reference sex?
Lol
oh whoops
its default still this
now I am a text message or tweet!
hey!
hey!
hey!
white girls can't twerk
I know :(
I was faking
yes they can madscilove 
stop spreding lies
spreading*
I'll stop spreding them
but I'll never stop spreading them
lol
This sounds like it's approaching PPDAD territory
eg oh
eh*
has anyone seen making a murderer?
Architect: nooooo
not like that
D:
is it any good witzie
dragoness is really into that show witzie
I'm 3/4 way through
madscilove: shame
shame
shame
!
its amazing 
how dumb ppl are
apparently the show got a lot of death threats iirc
that's what I'm watching it for
I know I'm supposed to care what happens to these sub 60 IQ rednecks
but it's really hard
lol
everyone talks about it
you should watch it AtlasB 
insight into midwestern murica
ah they only do white murders then
lol
also it's 100% lawyer stuff
which is interesting to me
watching the poor lawyers trying to represent 60 IQ rednecks
its funny lol
wow it sounds good
"so you murdered the girl?" "yeahhhhh"  "you're not telling the truth are you?" "yeahhhh" "so you didn't murder her?"  "yeahhhh"
*dead eye stare* 
brain gears visibly struggling to spin
lol
"Stephen couldn't have possibly been the rapist.  The victim described the assailant as having "white boxers". This could not have been stephen, because he did not own any pairs of underwear"
SP and me paused it to laugh for 10 minutes 
Maybe he's just so much smarter than all of us he knows confusion is his greatest ally!
its not supposed to be funny but it really is
lololol
why doesn't he own underwear?
do they ever show black murderers
or just white
its only about one guy
stank ass forest gump
AtlasB: 
it's supposed to be about this really low IQ guy who gets framed for murder
iirc
and his even lower IQ nephhew
who is so dumb he lets the police make him admit to it
he says "yeahhhhhh" really slowly to every question 
and then after "yeahhhhh"ing his way into admitting to rape and murder, he asks when he can go home because "wrestlemania" is going to be on TV and he doesn't want to miss it
wait, what?
see that i actually feel bad for
yeah I feel bad for him 
lol, wrestling fans are the top intellectuals of the universe
I just can't relate
I do think the police are being super corrupt
which they almost always are
because i know how they railroade dmy h
hello PPDBot 
a 19 yr old homeless high school dropout
into pleading guiltyu to burglary over nothing
imagine murder
and dumber
i dont like the governemnt
that is sad
how nature works when it is not impeded by man
unless the documentary is lying the police were totally corrupt 
and planted evidence 
that's a prosecutors job - to make the conviction at any cost
how could you make the system to make it better?
thats not what plea bargainings for
its to save them time and money
OMG witzie 
FINALLY
witzie you should see the documentary "thin blue line"
Someone else is watching that
there was zero evidence my h commited burglary
and the underlying charge wasnt even a felony
they scared him
yeah AtlasB 
they wanted convictions
crazy
they went for a confession
5:52 PM <witzie> "Stephen couldn't have possibly been the rapist. The victim described the assailant as having "white boxers". This could not have been stephen, because he did not own any pairs of underwear" 
the underlying charge was a misdemeanor
I laughed so hard at that
lol DG69 
wasn't that the best?
I had to pause it to laugh
It really was
We were like did they really just say that
just the casual matter of fact way they said it
like it was the most normal thing in the world
there's nothing incentivizing prosecutors to be fair
technically, thats what judges are for i think
plea bargaining is great if everyuonbes guilty
it's just ridiculous  
saves everyone time and trouble and probably gives the perp a lower sentence
they described him tying her up to a bed and slashing her throat and raping and killing her 
but the abuse
and he just "yeahhhhh"ed 
but there's no blood anywhere
the mattress is perfectly white
no blood in the house
or anywhere
this guy who doesn't own underwear can perfectly clean a brutal crime scene?
is that a real documentary?
yeah
holy shit: http://www.returnofkings.com/77597/black-cricket-player-fined-10000-for-asking-white-reporter-out-on-a-date
they're offended by that?
the manosphere needs to play the race card here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnLHUr60HK0
seriously?
DG69: SP and me are calling Brendan Hodor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXgazl9J-Rg
he might as well be saying "Hodorrrrr" "Hodorrrrrr"
lol
Omg hahaha
That's perfect
I feel like this family has to be kind of inbred
Poor little guy
Oh they for sure are
they all live together around their weird junkyard compound
and have 50 IQs
Yeah they are weird
and don't wear underwear
Lol
like Brendan asks his mom in his slow retard voice "what does inconsistent mean?" 
and shes like "I dunno"
Ugh I know, so stupid
You gotta feel bad for the kid
who do you think did it? 
I think either the tadych stepdad or scot the roommate
They ask if he likes his lawyer and he says "well he has the same fav animal as me"
YEAH
I think Scott tadych
I was like awwwwwwwwwwww
And maybe the brother, isn't that who he was hunting with?
Bobby dassey
well the roommate was involved in the phone kerfluffle
remember?
Oh yeah he was sketch af
they knew someone listened to her messages after she died and it was the roommate
that was super sketchy
There are such interesting theories
oh and he deleted some messages
that the judge didn't allow to be listened to
I'm on that subreddit all the time now
so thats sketchy af
what subreddit?
so it was either the roommate, or Bobby dassey + tadych
R/makingamurderer
Yeah I think it was the guys who were hunting together
I would think that except for the phone shenanigans
so I'm 50/50 either way
roommate knew where the car was too it seemed
obvious beta orbiter
she was real pretty
That's true
His new lawyer is a lady
Apparently she is bad ass
And has freed like 70 people
I have 2 episodes left I think 
its on righ tnow
Are you talking making a murderer?
SP and me have watched it all day
yeah drok
PAY ATTENTION
#gotppd I need to watch it
STOP TYPING
Whut up?
lol
Hi arthurmacarthur 
Hi. How've you been?
I'm OK. Slept in too late though...woke up with a headache
Headache because you slept too late or slept too much? 
Probably both
Like, how late is too late? 
Erm, like 3PM
Lol
3PM is pretty sweet, but throws you off for a few days unless you are very very disciplined. 
Lol, oh yea
I have horrible sleep patter s
I feel much better waking up early even though physically getting out of bed is literally painful
http://www.thewrap.com/making-a-murderer-prosecutor-ken-kratz-steven-avery-9-reasons-guilty/
DG69: what do you think of this?
I love having my cousin over!! She's married, Christian, rpw and Nigerian
If you can buy the initial premise that cops would plant evidence, nothing on that list is necessarily inconsistent with the theory
I think it's telling that the manitowoc dept was not supposed to be involved at all
why isnt his lawyer sinply pleading hes incompetent to stand trial
Right witzie 
an dlacks the capacity to commit an intentional crime
the unbiased police department searched the house and property so many times
and found NOTHING
as soon as the department that was bein gsued searched
they found something every time 
The whole finding of that key honestly blew my mind the most
obviously planted
and the vial of old blood
So after that, the question only becomes
How far would they go
that had been opened and syringed out of
So then you can believe them doing the blood
I was more impressed iwth steven's layers than brendans 
That part freaked me out
kachinsky was utterly incompetant
Oh god
and the trial lawyer seemed lazier too
He asked to have him changed, they deny him, and then dismiss him months later
well he was a public defender
thats the best you get
Dude did you realize the guy who coerced that confession out of him was HIS team's investigator
lol did you see this DG69 http://imgur.com/w0R5yyN
Like, his lawyers were working against him
yeah that was hilariously incompetetant
Lollll 
That card
Perfect
"Hodor"
Aw hodor
Breaks me heart
I definitely think it's possible they did it
i can't watch this program
it makes me too angry
But everything is just sooo fucking sketchy
DG69: it could be possible that tadych stepdad and bobby framed him 
they would have had the key if they did it (likely)
they could have conceivably thrown it in there 
they lived right there
ok witzie https://www.reddit.com/r/MakingaMurderer/comments/40xtpo/the_most_credible_theory_i_have_seen_so_far/
this seems to be the favorite on reddit
seems plausible to me
Why does it have it's own sub?
because its blowing peoples minds
sunhappy most tv shows do
that sounds reasonably DG69 
I'm subbed to r/shield that's an agents of shield subreddit
there's a jessica jones one too
omg, DG69 you were the one watching jessica jones, right?
I finished most of it
Yesss madscilove 
I've been obsessed with that too
mannnnnnn
duuude
kilgrave. I love him
i was just soooooo deep in these caves
I know I shouldn't
So I've been playing detective hardcore
and died an dmanaged to warp home first
I KNEW IT
ill never get there again
but I actually stopped watching the show because bad things were happening to him
I knew they were fucking inbred
and it made me sad
"the people of this family engage in sex with nieces and nephews" 
"this is a one branch family tree"
I fucking knew it
There it is
go to #gotppd 
they have IQs of 50 and live on a junkyard compound and don't wear underground
lolol
*underwear
Lol
Ok I'm going!
Sheesh
Lol my cousin also thinks Trump is gonna win. Yay normal Americans
if i read a spoiler in here, there is going to be hell to pay
I want to watch making a murderer just because it's getting so much buzz on Facebook
you know whats sad though AtlasB (dont worry no serious spoilers drok) 
what
this incredibly ugly 60 IQ inbred hick has like 5 kids  
and gets multiple gfs while in and out of jail
lol poor #foreveralone
yup lol
hes not even alpha tho
he's a total doofus 
smiles like a retard
no theres something really wrong with FA
He seems sweet
And stupid
yeah
im still trying to figure out if thales is real
really sweet and stupid, not criminal alpha at all 
Right
Like a dumb kid
thales cant be real
Thales no way
Sometimes he gets hella votes and I'm confused
^^^
i netted 906 calories today
how are you not eating your sofa?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41ba9p/cmv_the_more_sexual_partners_a_woman_has_had_the/cz105mn?context=1
lol
new flair thanks to protopill
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41ba9p/cmv_the_more_sexual_partners_a_woman_has_had_the/cz10bxo
wtf
I always new madscilove was secretly a gestapo agent
no one gest in PPD without proper papers!
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/416cvl/would_you_ever_date_someone_who_said_they_are_a/cz00s2c
See lol
He just always says the perfect thing
architect: I'm like the fun police!!
I bet it's cis or someone
6:53 PM <witzie> "this is a one branch family tree" <--- family DAG (directed acyclic graph)
trees branch out by def!
who are we talking about though, 
fictional family?
ikr witzie
that's the most interaction I've ever had with hyperrreal though
I mean, this got upvoted because he's complimenting women
so I thought that was kind of nifty
the easiest thing in the world is getting upvoted for complimenting women
Hyperrreal comes around ever like 4 months, posts to PPD like crazy for a week then leaves again
right!
its weird
well, not weird but....random I guess
PPD has several mods that do not partake in the community at all though
CODYsaurusrex
He has protected me from meanies before
santa whatever
Baby boomer
Santa
babyboomersanta
yea
who is apparently a woman
which I never knew
that is an involved troll
yeah
But she's a mod
i think she is a hysterical bloop
hyperrreal is rp right?
i dont know who she is exactly though
no
he is neutral now
babyboomersanta only comes in to regulate/implement new rules afik
apparently he used to be red
nah babyboomersanta is there to tell me TBP doesn't brigade
hyperrreal is kinda red but more purple 
lol drok
here is TBP not brigading
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/416cvl/would_you_ever_date_someone_who_said_they_are_a/cyzzj43
not brigading at all
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/416idv/a_raped_woman_is_damaged_goods_for_life_terper/
couldn't possibly have been them
oh god, Architect, remember that mini-fit hyper threw after whatever happened with JP?
oh you guys are talking about professorblooper, that's a level 2 troll on my multi-level bullshit model
lol for days
bper pretending to be rper pretending to be bper, lol
babyboomersanta does nothing but implement rules and mod. It's odd
Hyperreal white knights me
you know guys like that exist irl
<3
dragoness: lol, I have to admit, hyperrreal got him pretty badly
now that the sub is dead
hahahaha, he did!
sorry to say =/
it's like that jewish neckbeard who pretended to be a nazi right wingerin the US pretending to be a muslim
that's level 2
babyboomersanta is an alt
she is an active PPD user
I assumed so
oh
who is BP
who?
yeah i think hyperrreal/cuittler might have alts too, maybe that's why they comment less
maybe I should use an alt....
I know that HarrietPotter person has like 16 alts
it would make sense, because mods try to sound more neutral
yeah
i dont know
she is one of the more crazy ones
that is all i know
I get a little annoyed when I make a mod action and then someone brings up my post history in other subs so I can see why an alt would be a good idea
Cuittler is cool and mysterious
i like cuittler
I like her too
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41azqv/rape_victims_are_the_worst_right_guys/cz13l8w
this mad me lol
made*
wait, cuittler is hyperrreal?
or did I misunderstand that
no way
oh, ok
my bad
you misread
I was gonna say!
i was saying cuittler and hyperrreal both might have alts
cuittler is ok. She's a reasonable person, but a very BP style debater
I don't get what's so asshole-ish about not wanting to date rape victims
I've had essay form arguments with her
Hi RPW, how's everyone doing? 
i like her i just dont like arguing with her
cuittler's honest from my interactions with her. she has bp thinking which makes arguments a bit longer but they're not infinite because she's honest, imo
Pretty good, and you?
https://www.reddit.com/r/MakingaMurderer/comments/40qmnm/from_an_article_about_false_confessions_this/
AtlasB: read this 
maybe hyperrreal is CWM
basically what happened in the avery case
looking
yeah i've argued with her on ppd before. it just takes longer because she has a way of interpreting my words that i don't mean. that's common for bpers; i don't think it's out of dishonesty or maliciousness though
no don't tell me that, dragoness
I like hyperrreal
lolol
no, hyperrreal is legitimately moderate for an rper lol, even before becoming a mod
dont' ruin this for me!
nah, its too far outside the real of possibility 
lol
worry not!
unless he's just a very patient/skilled troll lol
and who is ppd_frameenforcer?
i never see them anymore
but that was a RP alt
me neither
he's just like babyboomer, an alt
see Architect, you really need to get back to MaM
i wonder if i've argued with babyboomer and she has just deleted my shit
Pretty good too, reading & writing for work
MaM??
Oh murderer
#gotppd
maybe ill watch Ep2 tonight
i'm going to beat up witzie
I already have evidence on you for murder drok 
aww oh no
don't incriminate yourself further
Is CFRP still around or did he actually quit for good?
that guy was a derp
i'll got PPD bros, they'll help me hide the evidence
i was alright with him
cfrp moved on to mens lib i think
h ehurt my feelers
babyboomersanta is only terrible one
really AtlasB ? He always seemed to love you
no he said openly and publically he didnt like me
we had lots of nic ePMs
aww 
:c
he came up with obnoxious reason after obnoxious reason as to why he wasn't gonna ban you when ALLL the BP's were getting th emselves banned over you
well he was right
lol SP "this is why you should never talk to the pigs just shoot them in the face" 
i only attacked ppl back
i was always cooperative when warned
and never fought with the mods
I think that's the big one
i wa sunder constant attack
well of course
all the BP's attacked mods
duhhh
i mean really duh
when a mod hear s"oo sorry, i know i lose it some times, ill try to be better"
they are kinda well disposed towards you
Architect: i thought CFRProflcopter was being pretty clear and obvious though
and it's consistent with what the other mods are saying
they're just human. they're going to be more pissed off at people who fight with them
im a mod and im the same way
in pms or in big threads specifically targetting thm for bias
if you fight me at all i mute and ban you
their very forgiving actually
i ban ppl for looking at me cross eyed
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41acla/top_10_complaints_from_unhappy_husbands/cz1176u
fiat: Well, CFRP IMO, was pretty inconsistent. He made a good choice in not banning atlas politically, but some of the BP's made decent points. He PM'ed some of them that they were never going to ban her basically because they liked her, which is like...not something you should say publically unless you want a firestorm, which it always was, then they went
into clean up mode and kept posting to TBP
That's so sad AtlasB 
And atlas is right, she almost never starts the issue, but I don't think that's really being consistent
"Men want two things in marriage: peace and good sex"
I'll need to see that PM. That sounds inconsistent and wildly uncharacteristic of CFRP to say
PPD mods are quite forgiving though
that he'll "NEVER BAN" atlasb
if she doesn't start the issues then she's in a fundamentally different position from the instigators and it makes perfect sense why she would be treated differently
I deleted them a long time ago. I think Sansa had them
he said they were never going to ban me because they "like " me
pandora got herself unbanned by making good points to
i dont believe it
they saw full well that i was the subject of constant attack
i almost never attaclk ppl first
or even respond to othe rppl
i make a general post
about "women"
or "BP"
or whatver
and then get personally attacked and get in trouble for fightingback
architect i paid attention at that time, and what you're saying only highlights the point
there were so many people including yourself making threads and conspiracy
dedicated completly just to getting atlasb banned
do you think mods like that
I believe someone said something like "don't BS, you guys are never going to ban [atlas] because without her, you'd have way less traffic. So, you let her get away with murderer" and his response was something like "yea, because she's easy to work with" or something. 
thats not "we like her"
i knew thats what you were talking about
they were being harassed too in the same way. do you think they enjoy being target of what appears to be obvious populist manipulation
im one of the best most popular posters on the sub
and i AM easy to work with
I just got skype called
you're going by memory, he didn't say "yeah because she's easy to work with"
as a response to that accusation
i always am nice to the most and contrite and try really hard not to fuck up
he might have said "she's easier to work with"
Do you know what PMs were exchanged between those people and the mods
and what was exchanged between atlasb and the mods
no, you and others mainly know what was said in public
notice that atlasb never put this drama into public while all of them were airing out dirty laundry
accusing mods of bias all the time
It's not like I'm saying she hsould have been banned, I'm just saying from all the stuff I saw, (and I saw quite a lot), he was most definitely not "consistent"
bringing their crap to JPW's sub and other places
even cuittler, a bper, didn't like it
do you even know the quotes you saw weren't doctored
he was entirely consistent with he other mods
not like TBP would never spread false quotes
all the other mods supported his stances on this
bpers and rpers alike
why do you think that is
ok, if you say so. I'm not going to have this argument
I don't even support it
lol
it's not even like the mods are doing this for AtlasB. Remember when atlasB said she'd try to negotiate for you
with the mods
and the mods blew her off
yeh fuck them
that pisse dme off
theyre stupid
What happened? Are you banned from ppd sub AtlasB ?
nope
were discussing past events
we're talking about a long time ago
Ooh okay
My bad!! Popping in and out
doesnt anyone think th epms ppl post are fake
you can make a name, pm youserf
then screenshot it
can blank the name
as controversial as atlasb is on ppd, in objective debates because of beliefs and such, i have no doubt in my mind she has a good understanding of how to deal with people
it just seems so obvious to me why the mods were against certain people and willing to work with others
i always had the impression certain people hated the mods and felt like they were biased or bad
obv the mods would have gotten the same feels
if you want the mods to cooperate with you, you don't telegraph your hate towards them
right like sansa did
stand campaigns against them in threads and other subreddits, etc
it's not an rp/bp thing. JPWhoregan didn't get it either and that's why most the mods hate him
sansa had burned most of her bridges already though. SHe had nothing to lose. In fact, she gained something out of it because the publicity from it was bad so they offered ot unban her but I think she got herself rebanned fairly quickly. 
then she left
and now she's back
sansa lied a lot though, inc her interactions witht he mods
shes back?
ppd_frameEnforcer broke frame and even took screen shots of their convos in PM
she came back a short while ago, yea
she was in some BP threads
either that, or someone copied her name
she might not have even intentionally lied
just had bad memory and had a narrative already set in her mind about how the mods were like. that's how i interpreted her PM convoes that were shown
but you see how that kind of behaviour would piss people off and make it seem like she specifically has it out for the mods
so why would they listen to people like her when they pressure them to ban AtlasB or others
AtlasB: what is stefan molyneux's website?
IDealistGIrl just tried to start a skype call
and everyone rejected her
I feel bad
lol
Please ask her what that coworker did
Record it
Then hang up, thx
the coworker she got fired?
https://www.youtube.com/user/stefbot
please oh god please invite me if you skype with her again Architect 
If you wanna talk to her, I can call her right now
lol
she's at her computer
bruh
don tease me
lol
I never tease. 
Im always literal
>:|
AtlasB: I liked stefan's lecture on the political history of europe but I disagree with him on a lot of other stuff 
interesting overall though
even if you disagree hes an interestin gguy
his form of limited government leads to corporations privatizing proffits and socializing losses imo 
corporations cant do that with a limited gov
only in a welfare state
sure they can 
corporations are a creature of the state
an example, he's anti EPA and everything like that 
ok whenyou said socializing i thought you meant welfare
theres lawsuits for that
so what's to stop a company from spilling oil into the pot 10000 private businesses fish out of 
the lawsuits predate the EPA
etc ad infinatum
we all breathe the same air
lawsuits
lawsuits like always
the EPA came AFTER the lawsuits
thats how ralph nader became famous
asll of the big pollution cases
I'm in favor of reasonable standards 
are whjjat ended it
not the epa
we all have to breathe the same air 
only a few proffit off of ruining it
id let there be state EPA type things
its federal oversight i object to
usa has a lot of natural treasures 
im a federal libertarian
id let the states be more socialist if they pleased
worth protecting beyond "lawsuits"
ontheir own dimes
well thats a classic view
if I wanted to live in cancerous smog I'd move to shanghai 
that was teddy roosevelts conservative progressivism
but th esmog
was ended
fortunately I care about not living in a third world shithole so I accept reasonable regulations
by lawsuits
not the EPA
the EPA codified what lawsuits accomplished
teddy roosevelt is my favorite president 
all those parks
not surprising
he was quite a character
I would have gone wilderness gallavanting with him
how fun
he is a character in one of my fave movies ragtime
you should see
its on amazon
isn't Roosevelt in a wheel chair?
wrong rosie
thats franklin roosevelt
there's moer than 1?
!?!
yes
and they were both president?
yup
loool wtf
i never knew this
teddy is oneof the towering figure sof us history
isnt he on mt rushmore
aren't they both democrats?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theodore_Roosevelt
witzie: ... :\
TR was a republican
then split off
oh ok
to form thebull moose party
the only cool canadian I know is now a basic bitch girl name
the were both progressives
Mackenzie
lol
how do you know MacKenzie?
he's not a very popular one
how can you not watc legends of th efall witz
yeh relaly have to
I like explorers Architect 
you dont know what youre missing
and he has the river named after him
Hmm..Canada doesn't really idolize explorers. Most Canadian historical figues/heroes did something of merit
as if exploring isn't of merit
it is
canadians just don't...I dunno
it doesn't capture our interest
canadians are the type of people who go somewhere, and settle
and leave home and explore
cakeforallofyou coochquarantine kittenkajira madscilove Never_Evil pixiedelights practicewhatyou softlylightens WingN witzie PhantomDream anyone on?
:(
yup, heyy Camille
after we called the British to kill the indians for us, we were pretty tired, ok?
there were lots of french explorers though
who founded canada 
so your theory doesn't fly 
so many french explorer outposts 
Those are the french
show up in names
"Detroit"
witzie: who founded canada <- canadians
Canada does not consider itself French
"Dewogiac" 
Canada considers itself British
We like Jack Cartier
and Laurent
that's pretty much it
lol
oh yeah
I remember those two 
Jacque*
and good ol samuel
champlain
Ya, we don't talk about him much
La Salle came to US I think 
but was french from canada 
gave place names to illinois 
so really, Canada and the top half of America should just combine
I like this idea...
anything to save our dollar
lol
hi how are you Never_Evil?
im on for a bit, we just got back from the bar, im responding to a few comments ppl left me
PPDBot white knighting for the regs
oou, had fun? I'm good, came back from an art class 2 hours ago, then i've just been writing for work
nice!
Back! Xx
yes it was fun, our favourite bartender is back she went to a diferent place for a few months but now shes back forever
after her shift ended she came and sat with us and we had greta convos
must've been good to catch up, then
What sort of drinks do you normally have? 
it depends on teh night! my favourite mixed drink is margaritas though
but ill mix it up based on the vibe and who im with
and ill try anyting once
who is arewar
chirp I think?
what do you like practicewhatyou?
http://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/scalefit_630_noupscale/5697f4241a00002d00ab092b.jpeg 
yeah....I get this feel all the time..... 
wait no.... wtfh
why
um
http://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/scalefit_630_noupscale/5697f3f21a00002d00ab092a.jpeg
uh
...
lol
um
totally
http://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/scalefit_630_noupscale/5697f2a41a00002d00ab0926.jpeg
I know this is supposed to be profound
but I just see spitroasting
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/this-is-the-most-nsfw-coloring-book-weve-ever-seen-and-its-brilliant_5697df5fe4b0b4eb759d876f?ip9tqpvi=
technically, it's eiffel towering
Margarita's are fantastic! I love mixing and creating my own fruit cocktails at home with my friends
To date my best one has been a lime, tequila, vanilla and blackberry margarita 
awesome :)
I'm thinking about creating a recipe book because I enjoy photography too :) 
What
That's a coloring book
what a great idea!
Thank you! :) 
I've just seen the post about 'Top 10 Complaints From Unhappy Husbands' 
It's rather heartbreaking :(
yeah theres failure on both ends 
and the whole relationship suffers
How do you keep an element of excitement in a relationship - some of those couples had been married for 18 years
depends what you call excitement and why you think you need it
talk sloots
hmm i think it comes down to picking the right person and then putting effort into yourself and into the relationship
you have to try every day to make it a good one, to be the best partner possible
true ZingMaster 
NEVER
there's this great ted talk by Ester Perel where she talks about desire in a LTR and how to maintain it
I had the most boring night shift last night. Those are so much harder to get through than the overloaded overworked ones
https://www.ted.com/talks/esther_perel_the_secret_to_desire_in_a_long_term_relationship?language=en
practicewhatyou a lot of RP is about making sure the dynamic is right and MMSL talks a lot about keeping up excitment/arousal but it really is a guide for greater betas
or people who can only become a greater beta
step 1: don't become complacent in caring for yourself
i.e. don't get out of shape or lose your personal hobbies 
"excitement" dies pretty quick when you spend your day waiting for your SO to entertain you
where do you work ZingMaster ?
Maybe it's personal preference - but I hate the idea of monotony (please don't take this to mean I expect or even want to be swept off my feet and onto a trio of white stallions tomorrow for my morning cofee) 
It's most definitely a two way street, 
Usually at a long term care facility 
but also obstetrics in a hospital
But in past relationships I've always made an effort to do something unusual or out of the box every few weeks or so 
However that's a lot easier because I'm at university with minimal responsibilities 
what I'm essentailly asking is long term, coupled with growing up and jobs, families, and other committments, is that manageable 
I think monotony goes hand in hand with complacency
it really depends on what kind of a couple you are 
absolutely
Oh, ok. I know a lot of people who work in similar types of facilities
They're usually exciting. Because you get the dementias and behaviours 
F and I are really quite boring. we like staying in, playing video games, watching movies, and working on our own separate art projects
its about choosing the right person then, plenty of men are happy having an even, easy going schedule without much spontiety
spontaneity 
but it works for us because we're not party people :P
they dont need unsual and out of the box things every few weeks
or a lot of the super "romantic" things that girls get it in their heads to do
thats great madscilove :) 
yeah, same here. Sometimes, SO will mention he needs a little something more and we'll plan a small weekend trip (usually in the summer) or go fishing for an evening
With longterm, I think the danger lies in exactly what ZingMaster pointed out - complacency - in that couples begin to feel like they know everything about each other 
practicewhatyou if you choose a man who likes the same things as you, adn then make an effort every day to be your best, then things should be fine barring the uncontrollable and unpredicatble
evening fishing sounds so nice, zingmaster
wow
Do you think it's likely that it's a remnant of my blue pill ways that I want that sort of relationship? 
:D
practicewhatyou: yeah, that's what you see in movies
M and i are really spontaneous and do random stuff all the time but its not some sort of intentional "we must maintain the spark" thing, its just us being us
we do whatever we want when we want basically and its fun
couples become boring, then the man (or woman) will plan something ridiculously huge and everything becomes amazing again
practicewhatyou i guess that depends on what exactly it is that you want and how you go about doing it
if youre setting up sudoku races or scavenger hunts for your man then id say yes
or arts and crafts projects lol
I think what you have Camille, sounds really lovely :)
sometimes it works against us though eg our sleep schedule can get really off if we decide that we want to do smething in teh middle of the night
we've gone to bed at 6 am, 7 am, even 9 or 10 am lol
but thanks practicewhatyou :)
brah, you need to do what we taught you last night
i iddnt learn nothin
auth yourself and X
lol
opened the imgur pic again
use the instructions with dah pics
you have yousrelf authed??
Thank you for helping me clarify that Xx 
i typed the stuff in
hmm, says you're not
im workin on it
All of the input is really appreciated :) 
ok, type "/mode cxj x"
typed
nothins  happening
lol
ok, well we'll see if the bot kicks you. It probably will because you're not authed
but also we dont have to worry about money or obligations and we both are in charge of our own schedules (especailly since im a homemaker) so idk if thats something you should really think of as practical 
yeah
idk why the typing isnt working
well, it's been longer than three minutes so you might be okay
lmao guess not
work, kids, and all other things take up time and get in the way for others
nice jinx ZingMaster 
lol
haha
yeah, it's definitely harder with kids, but still manageable
I'm a work in progress, though, so I can't say too much about that :P
yeah, we both work a ton and get up before 5am. kind of puts a damper on spontaneity ^^'
but it's still possible to enjoy each other's company and be good partners, even if you can't do super fun, crazy activities too often
hi
you did it!
hi
did it work this time
yup
?
i dont get why it was different
and there was much rejoicing
i wonder if the script to auto auth is configured
probably best to try that tomorrow. You're here now
It doesn't have to be crazy activities that you do together - excitement can also come from knowing that your SO spontaneously started doing something cool and exciting on their own - something that they're passionate about
i just had so much fun in minecraft
im actually exhausted
Hmm. B T L was nice enough to share an account with me. I should play with you guys sometime soon
^
play!
and see what this minecraft shenanigans are about
im payign 10$ a mo for two-three ppl
one of whom i donteven know
LOL
you're making minecraft friends!
dude im way out on my own
im deep in mountains
im  never coming home
lol
Your SO would then be looking at you, someone who is already so familiar, and they'd see you momentarily somewhat mysterious/elusive :p 
^ which is a bit of what esther says in that ted talk, lol
that sounds...very real
and very sad
my body has been craving so much sugar lately..
it's 'cause you keep eating sugar
vicious cycle
im an addict
I have a problem
I want gum and bacon
bacon is more work, so I'm going to eat gum first
im assuming you mean chew gum
because eating gum isn't a good diea
oh
yeah, chew it
I cut out candy and est an Atkins protein bar for breakfast and my appetite disappeared
5lbs down 
maybe I need to eat protein bars then
hmm
I can't eat breakfast
or else I get hungry for lunch, and that's annoying
if I just don't eat, I don't get hungry until the afternoon
breakfast is a lot of effort first thing in the morning
well, the job I just started starts at 6am
fuck that
and I don't get any breaks, really. until I get off around 2pm
soooo, not eating in the morning is the better choice
isn't that illegal?
yep
niccce
it's kind of the culture of kitchens
and if you bitch about it, you're a pussy
Of course
is it going well at least? You said this chick has no idea what she's doing
oh my god. they're going to go out of business, I guarantee it
she's so dumb
and so bad at this
...unfortunately, she's such a sweetheart, so I feel like helping her
she's got two cooks (besides me) working 60 hour weeks
Has she given you any recognition yet as someone who does know?
lol
10 hrs a day, 6 days a week
that overtime is going to slaughter her books
I read that as cocks lol
she could hire a third person, have them all work 40 hrs (essentially getting 20 add'tl man hours) and save $1,500 per month
by not paying OT
Architect: she asks me for advice occasionally, and they're using a couple of my recipes
F's boss (who supplies product to this place) is getting on me for not charging her for recipes
lol, why does she not do that?
why don't you like...inform her
so you don't have to work 100000000 hors?
hours
or does she think it's cheaper to just have 2
oh, no I only work there 3 days a week
because I make more freelancing
ah, hmm
I don't really know what she's thinking
I haven't mentioned the money thing to her because I figured it was obvious
but jeez, maybe I should
well if she did this straight out of college...I imagine she just doesn't have any sense
yeah
madscilove: would you rather live in an apocalyptic future, or a prehistoric past?
hmm
apocalyptic future, definitely
not what I expected. Why?
because there is the possibility I can have a gun in an apocalyptic future
I'm a small woman. definitely not gonna be successfully fighting anyone off without a gun
I'd just get clubbed and dragged back to someone's cave in prehistoric times
by proto-chad
 loool
ok true
you have the allure of soft power thoough
you can use your feminine wilds to rule the tribe
lol
are cavemen even smart enough for that?
maybe I can use soft power in the apocalypse
i think you could figure out how to  seduce cavemen
I just think scavenging off the bones of a dead civilization would be better than no civilization at all
plus at least we'd still have scientific knowledge
which seems like a leg up
how about you, architect? which one?
I think the same
Probably at least
to be honest, i'm not sure. I'd probably be much worse at surviving in nature than being a scavenger, or finding some community
oh god, the cavemen obviously wouldn't speak english
I didn't even consider that
ok, I would kill myself if I couldn't talk to people
like, forever
LOL
you could learn grunting language
Madsci and arch please see quest for fire, ty
what's that?
Watch "Quest for Fire (1981) - Trailer" on YouTube (https://youtu.be/2pcGGKtPpSE)
Desmond Morris and Anthony Burgess worked on ot
The language and the anthropology and body language 
Ok, interesting
cavemen essentially
ooh, it had me at "science fantasy adventure"
Three human species 
alright i watched the first two episodes of making a murderer
No it's so good
i'm into it
I do find it fascinating how people can distinguish even small body language gestures
do you know if it's on netflix?
Jean Jacques annaud directed it
Yes!!
It is!
yay! I have netflix now
Please for to see
ok, I know what I'm watching tonight
I wish we had american netflixx ... :(
Unless they took it off looking 
Yay it's there
I put it on witzies list
cool :)
architect what's canadian netflix like?
we have different networks and shows, and we don't get some of the US ones. US doesn't get some of ours though
people were using proxies to just use US version, but netflix is stopping that now
aw
I've been watching Doctor Who lately
I've seen a bunch of episodes, but this is the first time I'm watching the series in order
Yea, hmm. If I paid for netflix, I'd need like all the top shows on it
I am going to have to do  some research tomorrow
Doctor Who is creepy
creepy? how?
just a lot of creepy concepts
but david tennant :3
lool, of course
manic pixie dream man
lol
I guess netflix "friends" anymore 
It was doing that for a while 
You could have friends you shared recs with 
Madsci have you seen Sophie's choice
hmmm I wonder if we have that
ill research it at work tomorrow
what's sophie's choice?
Omg
Put it on you queue
Right now
Before they remove it 
OMG omg
isn't it a movie about cancer?
and sisters??
wait
if it's about cancer I might have seen it
let me look
ohhh ok, no I haven't seen that
ok, so I queued that one and quest for fire
No
Its not about cancer
it's about the holocaust, right?
Thats terms of endearnent
Not really but kinda
Its fabulous
Painful
good thing I have plenty of hot chocolate and stuffed animals here
Dead man, trainspotting,  three kings 
sad movies make me cry
No it's sad
Like really sad
But of epic quality
Unparalleled
Meryl streep
I'm going to come back here after I watch it going "whyyyyy"
if it's really that sad
Yes
:P
Its devastaring
Just like I like it lol
My emotion pornography 
Nathan OMG nathan
Best character
lol
Watch "Sophie's Choice Official Trailer #1 - Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline Movie (1982) HD" on YouTube (https://youtu.be/STPJVf6wqCk)
holy shit atlas b plays minecraft
best thing ive ever heard
i was so salty when all my starcraft friends bailed on me for minecraft
you will learn many things
but then the beta ended and it became a little kid game
have you tried the new legacy of te void Starcraft, cxj ?
was considering finishing the campaign tonight
but would kinda rather screw around and read blogs and maybe clean my room a bit more
wbu fiat?
I was considering buying it but I have so little time. if I had at least 10 spare hours uninterrupted for the week id probably invest I playing with minecraft like the others
tbh
I watched it. I'm glad I didn't spend money on it
not reall yworth it
I mostly played 1-2 games. I haven't had much time and the weekends are about te only time I have
to spend with gf
I heard legacy was really good though architect
I even watched some of te cutscenes.
I like the story better than the first two SC2 games
and I esp like the nock
npcs*
what did you watch architect? a stream of LOTV?
I didn't think it was worthy of a 30yr long game
well, like 20'ish
cxj: I watched Day9 go through it
ohhhhh ok
i heard he quit the dailys
i had a lot of fun with the LOTV campaign, i also  mained protoss tho
He quit Starcraft
he has a career now
and it required too much time
yeah i heard
so he only does Hearthstone now
and other games
doesnt he develop video games or something?
an rts?
thats the last i heard
He is a video game developer who makes and balances RTS's
for a company called Atlas
have any games he worked on come out yet?
sorry, no, his game is called Atlas
I dunno his company
no
did he do a final daily?
or something
I don't think he taped it
I think he announced it on TeamLiquid
and Reddit
ahhh bummer. i wish there had been a farewell daily 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ucVS3urZ4k
hearthstone is way easier and reaches a way bigger audience
cant say i blame him
I wonder, if you're a fat girl model, do you have to stay fat?
That's what bothers me about the Esports seen. MLG dropped SC2 because it wasn't making money against Counter Strike, and Call of Duty
like...fuck off
lol
yeah
sc2 saved mlg IIRC too
after the halo fall
dude i seem to encounter quite a few sc2 players in TRP
cxj is my old r/starcraft account lol 
I had a serious passion for SC until the meta got too fast to keep up with
diamond level protoss
lots of people in the pillsphere are starcrafters
I think it has to do with the type of thought people are attracted to
i was a master protoss
SUP BROTOSS
lol
yeah, starcraft is a very redpill game imo
brotoss best toss
how is Starcraft rp. lol
you have to scout your base for cheese
constantly
expect the most abusive, exploitative, unfair tactics to the max
especially from girls that play lolol
LOADING SCREEN: CXJ VS JESSICA
immediate 6 pool
cxj++
+++++++++++++++++++++
ah micromanagement and paranoia
protoss is the most paranoid race early on too
assume you are being cheesed until proven otherwise
competitive games in general demonstrated a lot of beta behaviour though
yes
might have changed recently but I remember when
lol, I always wanted to shoot faggoty terrans in the face
no one would listen to me
M&M
win
everyone would fight
winwinwiwniwnwinwinw
hahahaha
so I used a female username once
and everyone started listening
early on was the worst
to me
then when they actually loose
3rax allin every game
"QQ Protoss OP"
everyone respected me and wanted to impress
that stim noise still scares me
see with starcraft 2 the screen names are unchangeable
pathetic but it got me from like a 60% win ratio to a 90% one
it was absurd
and they dont tell you this when you make your name for the campaign
so girls can be seen easily a lot of the time
it was helpful for 4v4 games
when cooperation was so important
lmao
4v4 does not breed cooperation
its a clusterfuck
impossible to coordinate that many ppl
2v2 yes
as a guy: "guys we need to hit yellow Zerg. he is their best and also in the most vulnerable position"
response: "fuck you I'd rather kill you"
"don't tell me what to do"
3v3 is just whoever gets the most ppl there at the same time first
"fuuuuck your"
as a girl: "guys lets kill yellow Zerg.... I hate that colour"
response; "you're right Amy I hate yellow too!!"
haha
"charge!!! for Amy"
arch
i had the sickest double protoss 2v2 strat
i hate playing anything other than 1v1 in that game
it literally never lost
even against the dreaded terran zerg combo
what? One guy goes zealot and the other goes immortal?
loll
nah
or void ray
aka win ray
aka skill ray
one guy goes void ray zealot, the other goes sentry zealot with stalker reinforce
it was more of a WOL strat
i was like rank 2 in 2v2 for a while
partnered with GMs a lot
WoL was so different
the game is so different now
ive heard
they had to do something tho
imo the main problem is with the AI
I don't know how you'd get into the game now
you must have to go to bronze and lose for a month
yeah haha
until you can like...wrap your head around the meta
a homie of mine was plat in beta and early wol
cant get out of bronze now
oh, yea, the game got way harder
my mechanics are trash now haha
the players just got way better
everyone in diamond got sent to silver
lol
fiat: we should make more scientific experiments like that
to prove to feminists how women are not discriminated in gaming
well, the only ones who kept at it where the ones in masters and shit
yeah exactly
its just the top players playing against each other
this is how competitive games die
they become  more and more niche because newbs have no one to paly with
most ppl bailed for dota 2
yup. Or you get games like Counter Strike or Call of Duty where a 12yr old with no responsibilities and infinite time simply cannot be beaten by anyone who has a job
I used to play dota2 but 2 of my friends stopped liking it so basically te whole group decided it was time to switch around
one complained that it was too much stress and he had enough stress from work
a friend of mines brother was pro COD
the other had some kind of wrist injury
strategy games are stressful
ladder anxiety and shit
his mom died and his dad became  an alcoholic so he played COD all day every day, stopped going to school
lol
ladder anxiety = worse than approach anxiety imo
i was way more emotionally upset by a losing streak in masters than i was by a rejection streak of girls
the era of Winfestor I'm convinced seriously contributed to my suicidal depression
ahahahahaha
fucking shithead zergs refused to use t hem for so long
then suddenly started and bam their race is a winfest
Probably because some idiot on Bnet forums was like "you know you can just mindcontrol everything...?"
dsetiny brah
destiny
but actually, I think it was Destiny who discovered you can just do that
YES
he was a pioneer
and RP as fuck from the beginning lol
he came back
he streams  starcraft 2 now
i should check that out
he lost all his friends though
with that attitude
yeah
he was p dramatic
he really dropped tactical nukes of real talk here and there tho
he lost InControL, Minigun, and I don't think him and Catz talk much
lol filozof
I actually think women do get discriminated against in gaming
wasnt it over some butthurt girl who couldnt handle some light trash talk?
everyone does
it was over a porn star
the question we should be askin is if it matters
he was friends with a porn star who got into SC2 streaming
girls also get lots of advantages
ohhhhh yeah
something happened, I can't remember what, 
just for being the object everyone wants to fuck
and he basically white knighted her to oblivion
but feminists dont see that
if discriminated means being treated differently
just being a girl of average attractiveness gets you tons of male attention
that's just a fact of life
and she was fucking someone
I can't remember who
feminists don't acknowledge discrimination as a fact of life
yeah destiny blew it many times iirc
some different treatment is unjust
I think the issue with women in gaming is that in gaming, EVERYONE gets shat on for anything
yeah
I think it's too much a difference between their real lives
like everyone agrees that exonerating someone just because they're rich is unjust discrimination
men are just used to it
Right. Men are closer to gaming being their real life than women are
the point feminists make is that women get treated worse than men
it's a reaction to being stripped of privilege
Stress from team playing  is one of the reasons why why I prefer to pay solo games. The weight of other's expectations is too great, haha
i think we should just conduct experiments to measure how much shit each gender gets
and how much advantage
there have been those
and they were designed to make women look like poor victims
of course, feminists would probably say "its the patriarchy that hurts men"
"so feminism is the answer"
even though feminism always ignores any mens issues
yes buartha that's why dota2 got too stressful to a couple of my friends
One of the reasons I stopped playing team strat games was because I was toxic
buartha: never play Red Orchestra then
lol
and we had to switch to POE and castle crashes
Everytime I waa like dont fucking suicide for the 20x time
something low effort
because everyone already stressing from marriage work and other problems
You aint jesus or goku
and never fly the chopper in BattleField
I wish I was Goku
that'd be sick
kamehameha'ing all them chodes
I mean I would support you lol
yea, I need a gang of earth defenders
But not if you are krillans retarded nephew who jumps in a 5 vs 1
Krillin is banging Android 18 though
And this is why team strat games arent for me
gotta respect a playah
Retarded nephew lol
Wasnt she a robot and shit?
She's a robot yea
no aging
she's practically perfect for SerNemesis 
blonde and unaging
and young
Yeah krillin share it with yo bro SerNemesis 
And has magical plasma blasts or whatever ki is
they never explained how an android was able to use ki
yeah 18 was a dime
havent thought about her in years
far better than bitchass chichi
LMAO at the heavy hitters getting whack as swives while krillin got A18
vegeta with fucking bulma or whatever her name was
https://www.google.ca/url?sa=i&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=images&cd=&ved=0ahUKEwi8xf_NqLDKAhXEeT4KHYqcBYYQjRwIBw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fepicstream.com%2Fnews%2FJapanese-Fans-Built-Real-Life-Android-18-For-Dragon-Ball-Z-Exhibition&psig=AFQjCNGlP6xRXyYtai23LAFWoNqRFfdK6g&ust=1453101769295664
lool
very weird cosplay
http://objects.liquidweb.services/epicstreamlive/assets/uploads/ckeditor/images/Screen%20Shot%202015-09-18%20at%206_22_05%20PM.png
Well at least bulma has like 3000000 trillion
there's that's better
hahahaha
That is legit scary lol
didnt krillon wish her to be real from the  dragon? or in love with him or something?
that's exactly what she looks like though
Bulma is loaded and is a genius though and is good for vegeta
it's kind of impressive
chichi is stereotypical Asian wife
you almost never actually see bulma and vegeta together
nags a lot and puts way too much pressure on son
vegeta was a TRP alpha. goku was natural alpha
i think they only have 1 scene in the entire series and movies where they are together
no krillinjust wished away the bomb in her
or something
she already had human parts to her
18?
that's why she's an android not a robot
she's an android because she's a robot made to look human. I think krillin wished for her to be human, hence they can have a baby
all the other androids are straight up robotic
so she musn't have been part human before
then te source I heard was unreliable
let me see
all te androids other than 16 and 19 were originally organic
16 was te Arnold looking big guy
and 19 was the white skinned fatty
19 was the best
I loved 19
20 was the scientist who was originally a human
Dr.Gero
cell is organic
18 and 19 were originally human
ok, 17 and 18 were wished to be human
I mean 17 and 18
oh wait
1 sec
This is too high level dbz stuff for me
ok
she's still an android
you were right
he wished that they weren't able to explode anymore
All I know is that these guys get weaker over time
the dragon couldn't make them human
I knew it.
and you were right, 17 and 18 were originally human in another dimension/timeline
weird
but now they're robotic. 
i dont remember any of this lol
lets talk more about how pillospohere ppl have a TRP way of thinking
LOL
i have to go to bed because I work tomorrow
k night
on a Sunday ?
good night
Yea, I work on sundays. Long shift, lots of money
watchu do arch?
put very basically, I do customer service/relations in city/municipal buildings
word
it's kinda more complicated then that though
but put simply
fiat: Android 18's real name is Lazuli.
today you learned
spoilers!
Morning
hi
morning
Hello!
Hi hi
ugh i changed my name in my thing too
Mornin' Atlas
Afternoon 
http://i.imgur.com/YEDYjZr.gifv
this has blown my mind

http://i.imgur.com/zRag31U.gifv
ROFL
sorry im a bit excited
"Trump has the charisma of Ronald Raegan and the looks of a melted candle" 
hahaha
HI WITZIE
WITZIIIIIIIIEEEEEEE
LONNNNYYYYYYY
get a room
I will tell sp on you witzie 
#lonnyandwitzie
lol
melted candle
SP just said that AtlasB 
had to share
my h keeps saying that ted cruz looks  like a butter sculpture of himself thats melting
i like sentences like that, that are so comical and dont use any swear words
wht do you have against swear words, your irc name *is* a swear word
its more funny if you dont rely on the swear word for laughter
u fukin imbecile
U fukin imbecile
man what has this room become
backroom den of iniquity 
tsktsk
we cant get away with it on reddit
Some serious tuglaif in here
Drok is so hardcore he calls fungi mushrooms
greetings
did you abuse your pokemon today?
pikachu has been serviced, yes
.quote add <Jack4ss> u fukin imbecile. <witzie> U fukin imbecile <Jack4ss> man what has this room become
Idk man FirionDarklight 
what
Mine evolved into leafeon
fucking faggot
I wanted a bag of crisps
jolteon is the best
Not fucking leafeon
This what I get for treating my potato right
I should have nver went for a rape victim
you misopokemonist
im well and truly confused
O I am making fun of andrewisgood
Or whatever he is called
Andrew whatever is a white knight faggot
I have him tagged as that in RES
https://scontent.fath2-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/v/t1.0-9/12553087_949337668494094_8900825491248286962_n.jpg?oh=f811afb6c595929d2d2d38d79570c6cf&oe=573466ED

lol
that's some projection
hahaha
does "fuck off" count into "not me not me"?
That picture barely even makes sense 
Yeah TheXanMan  fuck him.
Can feminists even words 
well
local feminists ftw
the page is called yes you are a misogynist in greek
17likes
*17k likes
it's good for some laughs here and there
feminists got laughed at yesterday on bbc London
hm?.
they have no power here
Jack4ss did you see BBC Big Question this morning?
O shit
nope
I have to see milo
Milo smashed some feminists yet again
Was fucking glorious
link plox
Urm let me look 
http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2016/01/17/someone-just-accused-me-of-plotting-an-assassination-attempt/
brb shower
the practice of men ranking women in the scale of 10 consists the ultimate form of female objectification
my sides
The video is embedded there
Lol
Uggos being mad
http://everydayfeminism.com/2016/01/trolling-translation/
lol
someone translated that
hahaha
"Instead, lets address whats really going on their head: I honestly believe that I have a right to leave threatening and harassing bullshit all over your Facebook page without consequence. And I am furious that you would take that away from me."
lol
yeah
hit that strawman!
Yeah
Bio
Melissa A. Fabello, Co-Managing Editor of Everyday Feminism, is a body acceptance activist and sexuality scholar living in Philadelphia. She enjoys rainy days, tattoos, yin yoga, and Jurassic Park. She holds a B.S. in English Education from Boston University and an M.Ed. in Human Sexuality from Widener University. She is currently working on her PhD. She can
be reached on Twitter
So much useless
Except for Jurassic park
a masters in human sexuality? 
I wanna study that sounds entertaining
Fucking hot chicks?
I am in lol
Give me my master please
hmmm atlasb lives in philly......
i knew it!
that she is amazing?
what is a BS?
bachelors
because she didnt turn to that bs?
bachelors of what?
are American Bachelors all BS?
apparently english education
like what if you did one in Science
would it still be a BS?
law
i dont know
actually i think thats' what BS is
of science
as BA would be of Art
yeah and B Com 
of commerece
*Commerce
I find that weird
that you can get  BS in English Education
how is that science?
make the internet a safe space
good luck with that
I will fight against that crap
can i join
what can i do
happywifelife: you didnt know that she was in philly?
of course i did
just be offensive on the internet from time to time Firion
i was joking that atlasb was really a feminist
and if  i lose my job?
and speak out against censorship
jobs are overrated
how they know if you are being annoymous on the internet
lol @ annoymous
O it was in reference to that joke happywifelife 
why happywifelife?
Guess I need something stronger
just funny that you said annoy-mous instead of anonymous
batting 1000 this morning
sigh
Right lol
a sign i should be doing something else
oooh
sorrry
i am dumb
lol nah
"it's hunders and thousands of men!"
"but there are millions of men"
but but but
ok, i am off to crochet some leg warmers
bye
enjot
btl are you on minecraft?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419abq/linkedin_photos_ranked_by_competence_influence/cz1mimf?context=3
Gonna be soon
wanna team up
If you helpong me build the london bridgr
Sure
I gotta take this call first
Hey, PPD.
Hey.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419pij/how_does_not_wanting_to_date_a_rape_victim_make/cz1mpkp
Lol @ SirNemesis' reply. I mean, that's a good reply.
i had a dream my cat had kittens, then bit one of the kittens heads off
haha insurrecto did me one better: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41eb77/cmv_if_you_expect_a_man_to_date_a_rape_victim/
.quote add 12:00 PM <Jack4ss> i had a dream my cat had kittens, then bit one of the kittens heads off
LOL!
That's awesome.
that's stupid why wouldn't it be dating a man who was a rape victim
bloopers are having a moral singalling circlejerking agan
eh witzie?
*again
why wouldn't what be dating a man who was a rape victim?
" If you expect a man to date a rape victim, then you should be willing to date a[male rape victim]"
lol SerN i like the sources at the bottom
ftfy
"Imo what makes him an arsehole is that he is putting the focus on how damaged rape victims are instead of his own inability to deal with them.  I mean I know that I personally couldn't handle being a nurse, but I wouldn't say something like "Ill people are just too damaged for me deal with". "
lol
no witzie
comparing not being able to be a nurse to not wanting to date a rape victim
man up and date that rape victim
the argument against ruling out rape victims is that "it isn't something under their control"
There are other people perfectly willing to date rape victims
I think its the same thing really
same applies to pedophilia
Not sure the big deal with one person's preferences is
people should know their limits
that's just typical blooper collectivism
here's an advice
THAT MEANS EVERYONE MUST FOLLOW IT
EVERYBODY
which makes you a monster
"The implication is pretty horrific really. Sure i guess it's okay to not date people who may have serious issues but to not date them for being raped in itself is pretty bad.  In my experience most people seem to have mental health issues anyway so really if you didnt want to date anyone with issues there goes like 90 percent of the population"
now that's some typical projection
and solipsism probably
FirionDarklight++
you should say that lol
in the thread
please that is ridiculous
do you have a link for that?
FirionDarklight++
why should i
i dont involve myself with retards unless they are in my face
it's one intj thing that i have finally got under control
Congrats
where was this from FirionDarklight 
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41azqv/rape_victims_are_the_worst_right_guys/
oh tbp lol
i mean if they are in my face
i can just beat them up or soosh them off
whatever works
oh tbp
I was gonna comment
i just reported that thread for vote manipulation
but I dont
its my new years resolution
no more tbp comments
lol
did you give up on them susan?
is the cultural gap too big
looong time ago
.karma
they are too SJWy for me
https://www.reddit.com/r/Rateme/comments/41btmh/22f_thanks_in_advance_buddies/
is this a man?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419pij/how_does_not_wanting_to_date_a_rape_victim_make/cz1my3q
http://i.imgur.com/EqWPEzF.jpg
does he even read what i say?
AtlasB: what do you say about dat face
not as bad as i feared witzie
at least she has a feminine body
http://i.imgur.com/a1uVusI.gif
HAH
https://www.reddit.com/r/adultery/comments/41c4ic/men_how_do_you_feel_about_your_mistress/cz1bua1
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41azqv/rape_victims_are_the_worst_right_guys/cz1fp0j?context=3
lol this getting downvoted
these bloops are freaking crazy
lmfao witzie
*Jack4ss 
its scrhodingers rapist
living as a virgin on his basement at day
raping every female even the dead ones at night
dont ask how that works
magic
special penis magic
revirgin at the end of the day
or night
http://i.imgur.com/Bm55Vfz.gifv
so what you do is you bathe your penis in the blood of a virgin
he looks like a chicekn
chicken rofl
and it makes you a virgin again
cmon su i got steak pie soon
susandeath++
sry Jack
at least the reddit keeps then contained
like they dont go out or some shit
besides shitty conventions that is
they linked the thread without even an np
redpillers are all rapist virgins
they're outright brigading
yes
but
it is the right brigading
Milo destroyed those feminists again
done to the right people
http://i.imgur.com/S193Xia.jpg jesus
you shitlord
The host kept letting that manfaced cunt interrupt him
i like all the pictures on reddit
words are boring
that puppy looks so happy
It was insane, he just let her keep talking
and there was no reason to link that thread on ppd
it was just a discussion
but they just linked and brigaded it
https://scontent.fath2-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpl1/v/t1.0-9/12509779_860030120776186_7753679339871403380_n.jpg?oh=e3a77cc9b06274fcec805970f7681d3f&oe=570419B7 -something something that sucks ass. also  means ass.  is weather.
them puns
them buns!
indeed
:D
kolokaipoz?
is omega read differently from o?
seam read
*same
also the = r in greek
and =p=
or pi
which some people say pie
(yeah we have 2 letters for the same sound)
hm i feel down
maybe i should order some fast food
maybe...
who knows
or not
https://scontent.fath2-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/v/t1.0-9/12565381_1253991697960975_1280765734204220237_n.jpg?oh=71fe8cf353e118db6d4e116a04dabf4f&oe=57035DEB
today i can clearly see the bottom
is that a kid
no clue
nah
snorkeling is quite the hobby around here during summer
i prefer my faps with a hint of uncertainty
i don't understand those girls who go into porn
don't they realize that no normal guy will want to date them?
-marry has 3 underwears. she throws them all out and buys one string. what does mary now have?
- a boyfriend
I don't get it.
simple underwears are boring
she has a boyfriend because she got sexy
Hm, okay
thank you
Too true
katsumii_: you seem to rarely be here
I am rarely here
why?
Haven't been on IRC lately
Mostly being on Steam or offline. Well, mostly offline and at my job
How's it going?
12:31 PM <filozof> don't they realize that no normal guy will want to date them?
i've been playing minecraft but it annoys me
You mean like rock stars and movie stars?
Lol
What do you think they want to date, stemlords and accountants?
^ 
do rock stars and movie stars date pornstars that often?
regardless, these aren't "normal guys"
Lol
what about rich stemlords?
:P
12:36 PM <filozof> regardless, these aren't "normal guys"
they're more desirable than normal guys
and you have to be very popular in order for some high status guy to marry you
what are normal guys filo
?
obviously not bloopers
you think porn stars want to marry and have babies with a software developer?
do they even wanna marry
no
andif they do they have porn and tattoo lives
with alternative ppl
im not even a porn star and i never wanted "normal guys"
thats why it never could have occiured to me that promiscuity would hurt my chances with "normal guys"
cuz
uh
who cares
wtf would a "normal guy" do with me?
most women who try porn don't have big careers
lol
and most men who are hot and dominant enough to get a porn star dont give a fuck
thats a beta concern
Hello everyone :)
but AtlasB 
I think of porn stars in the same way I think of corteseans 
liek there were some who used to have men pay to come watch them dress
filozof won't want them 
the trauma
they never wanted the married life etc
I bet they cry themselves to sleep 
whats funny is how many times ive proved this on ppd
there have always been some women who dont want that
yup
les grande horizontals
Skittles
yeah
actresses
josephine earp
What I dont get is this either 
i love Skittles
famous mistresses
i wish i was her
Why care about pornstars to begin with
sally Bowles in cabaret
who used to have men vieing for their attention
yeah AtlasB
sally bowles
You aren't their demographic and they aren't yours
Just focus on getting what you want and not some project to fix
"I could toots turn this prostitute into a house wife"
why would you even want to try
what I really dont understand
Right
is why some men seem to take these choices so personally
like
They act like its some tragic loss?
Idk why they do that
why do girls go beprozzies
we wont want them now
so
There are billions of them.
Go figure
there are approximately 3.5 billion women on the planet
get over the fact that some of them are making choices you disapprove of
Way to exercise abudance mentality amirite susandeath ?
yep
i think theres a prima noctae quality
to the porn starring of 1000s of young women tho
my h objects to it
not for himself
but sort of as a general social observation
its the general objection to the CC
all the young women being deflowered and used up by the alphas
ok
and tossed aside as sloppy seconds 
for the "regular men:
and the fact that you cant really know what youre getting
its just disturbing to men in general i think
They know what they arw getring
They just hope that it will change
I just object to the idea of "sloppy seconds"
actually my husbands objection is that male porn stars are faggots and scumbags who dont "Deserve" all those women and he doe slol
Just like women and their badboys
ok
thats how men think
you can object to it all day
but it wont change it
maybe its not object as such
as I dont get the idea that sex devalues a woman
it makes no sense to me
youre not a man
true
thats why
sex doesnt devalue men, it tends to increase their value
You mean the whole the new toy is bettet than the old toy trope AtlasB 
WOMEN ARE NOT TOYS YOU MISOGYNERD!!!!
I dunno
maybe its a new car thing
Lol
I dont see the value in brand new cars either
BUT RAPE VICTIMS ARE POKEMONS!!!!
but some people do
Same here, susandeath
GOTTA RAPE THEM ALL
We need a .grab command for PPDbot
they are such a waste of money
They're all hype, too
I prefer one that's true and trustworthy
car or woman?
or both?
Car
I got lost in this convo
I don't do women
why
are you one?
Because I'm not gay
Yeah
or just MGTOW
oooh
hehehe
:D
prostitutes and books
best combo
read while they give you a blowjob
My car from '97 is in wonderful condition
?
katsumii maybe we dont get it cause we women
Yeah
number of partners is inversely correlated with agreeableness 
could you explain that please?
disagreeable men are successful (if they can get away with it,) disagreeable women on the other hand are less successful 
oh
yeah that makes sense
One of my missions as of late, though, is to figure out how to recognize and practice assertiveness and separate it from being disagreeable
agreeableness is basically how much you care about other people - correlates with timidity, honesty, etc 
assertiveness is part of disagreeableness 
timidity part of agreeableness 
Well that's something my boyfriend tells me he wants more of outta me
Assertiveness ... in everyday life
men can travel a very successful path by being antisocial shits, basically
women can't travel that same path 
True!
yeah
8:02 PM <Frensel> assertiveness is part of disagreeableness ->
I disagree with this
I think there is a way to be assertive without being disagreeable
 <Frensel> timidity part of agreeableness ---> I also disagree with this
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/cyyplaq 
why was Camille's comment downvoted so much?
the more you care about other people, the more constrained you are wrt upsetting them 
yeah but timid
yeah
so i stopped caring
made my life easier
I think you can still be agreeable and pleasant without being timid
timidity is a reflection of caring about other people, assertiveness reflects not caring 
uh
That's true, susandeath. I agree
ok I think we have a different definition
ok, but you're less 'agreeable' than someone who is pleasant and timid 
showing a lack of courage or confidence; easily frightened.
assertiveness is a trait that reduces your agreeableness
cause that is what I understand timid to be
I think usually agreeableness is just playing along, though; avoiding conflict
yes, timidity in social situations is a reflection of caring about other people 
no its not
a reflection of agreeableness
yes it is 
it just means you are scared
which is caring 
no
I don't mean 'caring' as in 'nurturing'
not necessarily
I mean caring as in, caring about
midning 
minding*
No, aggression reflects not caring, assertiveness is not weak
yes necessarily 
Afraid to hurt feelings or to disappoint
well evening if you care about people
being intimidated by other people is caring about them 
how?
not being intimidated is not caring, on that axis
by definition 
Assertiveness is caring AND respecting your own boundaries
oh my goodness I really think we are not using the same definition of words here
no assertiveness is not caring  
yeah Lonny
I agree with that
you can care about someon and still not be a doormat
assertiveness is not caring on this axis 
Frensel: you don't understand what assertive means
but
well I reject uyour axis
"you can care about someon and still not be a doormat" you care LESS than someone who 'cares bout them and is a doormat'
no
yes
no
there's you and there's someone else 
how large does person x loom in your worldview vs theirs
how does being a doormat help anyone
well, both of you are identical except that the someone else is a 'doormat'
least of all the person walking on them
I did not say 'help'
well if you arent helping them
you care less than the person who is
therefore 
I care a lot about a tiger in my room
I care A LOT 
being a doormat is less caring
I care about that tiger more than about anyhting else
you understand?
no
'care about' is not positive or negative
please define the word care as you are using it?
how much do I care about this splinter in my hand?
get it?
care does not mean positive or negative
it means how large the thing looms
ok
but
in relationships
care
does have a positive effect
yes I understand 
not effect
it has that connotation 
yeah connotation
in this case, I am trying to talk objectively about a trait
trait agreeableness
which is how much you care about other people
generally
what does that mean
in my sense of the word care
the objective value neutral sense
just, how large they loom
like agreeableness
that is agreeableness
will you define that
please
Hey, aZombieKitten (:
agreeableness is how large other people loom
in your decision making process
Hey, katsumii_!
oooh
both positively and negatively
they are correlated deeply, of course
well thats a very different meaning that I have in my head
that's why it is a trait
Agreeableness is a personality trait manifesting itself in individual behavioral characteristics that are perceived as kind, sympathetic, cooperative, warm and considerate.
someone who 'cares about' people a lot in the positive way is also likely to fear their displeasure
that is how I udnerstand agreeableness
twos ides of the same coin 
yes - also, timid 
and I am firmly of the opinion that you can be assertive
not timid
and still kind
ON THIS AXIS
ON THIS AXIS - ASSERTIVE vs NOT ASSERTIVE
caring warm and considerate
you are LESS agreeable if you are assertive
but why do you have that axis
what is your end point
Asserting your position; yours. Not the others'.
I reject your slicing and dicing 
(my take on that)
I understand that theoretically you can 'make up' for lack of agreeableness on one axis on others
the thing is that they are all correlated
I still dont understand your point fully?
mbti?
we're down a rabbit warren now, my point was way back about promiscuity
and what it means for men vs women 
ooh
ok
promiscuity reflects disagreeableness 
yeah we did kinda fall down a rabbit whole
therefore - positive in men, negative in women 
I thought you said promiscious women were agreeable?
the reverse
did I misunderstand that?
promiscuous members of both genders are less agreeable
as should be intuited 
oh
less kind caring warm and considerate?
yes, as an aside 
I dont know if I agree with that completely
the main thing is that people loom less large 
that means
mores loom less large
disapproval does not matter as much
this leads to a whole host of things
.help
ok
.mbti
 <Frensel> disapproval does not matter as much--->> this I agree with
This is a long quiz. Taking it now.
Hey, Never_Evil! Wanted to apologize for booting you the other day!
"You find it difficult to speak loudly." Gonna guess that that is figurative; otherwise, have your throat checked, lol
at opposite extremes, you have murderers and timid housewives 
women do quite well as timid housewives 
men do quite well as murderers
timid
that is such a negative word to me
men do spectacularly badly as timid housewives
who wants a timid person around
always jumoing at their own shawod
People do find it difficult to speak loudly. :p
being scared if you so much as raise your voice one decibel lebvel
that wounds awful
I didn't know that, aZombieKitten
*sounds
I naturally speak very quietly and often don't notice my own volume is very low comparatively.
It's an effort for me to speak at a higher volume. 
I don't like to yell, but naturally I gravitate to a loud volume; not to interrupt someone, but often because background noises are loud or perhaps the other person is also speaking "loudly"
Maybe my ears suck
I am loud person
I grew up in a loud family
and just got loud so I would be heard
I'd like to be quiet but then the other person physically doesn't hear me. it's kind of a dilemma.
*quieter
I am a very quiet person, even though I think my volume matches those around me.
I usually have to raise my voice a bit when ordering foods and things because my natural volume doesn't pass through glass very well. >_>
Aw, (:
I think most people in my life aren't quiet in volume, so that explains my reaction to that item on the quiz.
Frensel: I just wanted to correct you on the assertiveness vs agreeableness thing.
Assertiveness is a part of the Extra/Intra portion of the Big 5.
They can't be antagonistic based on that.
<- INTP
.help
.add mbti INTP katsumii_
Oh, thanks, susandeath.
I forgot the term
.htlp mbti
.add INTP katsumii_
.help mbti
"They can't be antagonistic based on that." the fact is that 'antagonism' and low agreeableness is very correlated 
drok?
yo SerNemesis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkz_lclGXNg
.mbti add INTP katsumii_
.I'm trying to figure out the command.
.help
.mbti add katsumii_ INTP
.add katsumii_ INTP
.quote
.add mbti katsumii_ iNTP
.add mbti katsumii_ INTP
lol
lol
.mbti katsumii_ INTP
.mbti INTP katsumii_
YAS
yay
FUCK.
what?
Ok, AFK/bbl
That was hard to figure out. lol
It's been awesome!
it was
cheers
.quote
I just need to write down how these commands actually work.
I need to celebrate the victory over the bot with more coffee.
yers
rocket launch in 3 minutes on that youtube link if anyone is interested
Cool. :o
thanks Frensel 
so much vapor
look at that radiation cooled nozzle
why don't they show us stage 1
who cares about stage 2 lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpruWzaUPGY
SerNemesis: 
for you
.mbti INTP katsumii
.join #superior
thanks drok
one second witzie watching spacex
Lol witzie
holy shit witzie
witzie++
talk about the carousel
Why are you watching anime reviews?
lol when the hilarious classic looking skeevy old uncle picture gets slammed onto the screen
I cracked up irl
I liked how he got crazier
And people are nuts
lol
They are just insane, I want to hatchet them too
witzie is a closet anime geek
SerNemesis: if you weren't watching, they just came on and announced that the first stage hit the ship too hard and broke a leg 
yeah just saw thanks
they left the rest to imagination for some reason lol
yeah lol
'and it fell over and blew up?'
I heard you're an oreo Lonny_Z. That makes you closet every white thing under the sun.
"unfortunately it isn't upright"
lol
or did it fall off into the sea 
if just one leg broke one can imagine a situation where the engines are recoverable 
yeah
There is nothing closet about it Mashakos
lol
this is about the only deep dark secret I do not share with the outside world: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g603AlrjBGE
I just had to change a flat tire. So if any of you see a three wheeled car driving around pls tell me it's fallen off on here 
you're pretty close to being my 100th quote Jack4ss 
.quote add 2:17 PM <Jack4ss> I just had to change a flat tire. So if any of you see a three wheeled car driving around pls tell me it's fallen off on here 
lol
out of the box solution! "The fifth leg would be on a ring that rotates about the hull, in order to quickly fill in for a broken leg."
I have a better idea - have one of the legs designed to break, and put a braking nozzle on the first stage in that direction, to make it softly topple over into its lowest energy state with no damage
.quote witzie50
hahaha
.quote witzie25
:D
.quote witzie75
thats true
.quote witzie30
.quote witzie40
omg you have made so many quotes
.quote witzie60
.quote witzie70
valid question drok
.quote witzie80
.quote witzie90
.quote SerNemesis1
SerNemesis: look at this winner
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/41dkxp/f24_i_am_worried_my_husbands_m25_obsession_with/
officially single for good wheee
ugh
omg
witzie quotes herself
2:33 PM <Lonny_Z> witzie quotes herself
.quote add 2:33 PM <@witzie> 2:33 PM <Lonny_Z> witzie quotes herself
eww
Loooool 
Top trumped 
I think that SP is the most wonderful thing ever since bread
.quote add 2:35 PM <BeyondTheLight> I think that SP is the most wonderful thing ever since bread
you so simple witzie
ya'll can compete over who gets 100th quote
I will make this one real easy
fiat? smiath. SP is where it is at.
lol, atlas is secretly cool
i think that SP is wonderfuler than slice bread
hahaha witzie
pst guys I am gonna be 99th
but you have to give me your first unborn child
.quote del witzie98 
booo
the best thing about SP,is that he's dating witzie
.quote add  2:35 PM <BeyondTheLight> I think that SP is the most wonderful thing ever since bread. 2:37 PM <filozof> i think that SP is wonderfuler than slice bread 
two quotes one stone
he sounds like a hebephile at best
lol suckers
but what is the big deal here
witzie does look really yong
shhh arch
young
as long as he is only masturbating to her
dont blow my cover
well its technically mega illegal SerNemesis  thats the main problem 
yeah i dont get whats the deal with a dude being attracted to 14 year olds
secret 14yr old
lol
i'm sure everyone agrees
she could go to jail over it if he isnt cautious
so theres that
I always thought that witzie was secretly asian
yeah
y'mean besides the bit where he has child porn on his laptop
I think witzie is a closet muslim
?
over her own nude photos?
that's why she doens't trust them so much
well that only makes it hotter
but anybody who charges them for that would be cray
it's still child porn 
so a closet asian muslim Architect ?
yeah but people get charged for that all the time
a closet asian muslim 14yr old
it would be hella weird and horrific if htey weren't married
i can show you nude photos of me 
as a 1 year old
lol
that's like hardcore child porn
dat child porn tho
how are baby pics not considered child porn when you think about it
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/41dkxp/f24_i_am_worried_my_husbands_m25_obsession_with/cz1nnmk
they so fucking are rofl
hahaha
ikr Architect 
like if you had raunchy pics of a kid, but then it's like "oh, it's my kid..."
is that automatically no longer child porn?
everyone in picswap is going to jail for seeing my baby picture
or wait they werent nudes
fuck
some idiot linked to child porn on reddit
ewwww
called it something else
im sure he destroyed like 20 people's lives that day
"i now have child porn links on my work desktop. There goes my job"
oh god Architect 
that's nonsense
i browsed child porn too
my life isnt ruined
o.O
the way you say that
lol
wow
looool
how do i say that?
AtlasB: i'm surprised how few afro-asiatic speakers there are
casually filozof
.quote add 2:43 PM <filozof> I browsed child porn too. My life isnt ruined 
so close to being the 100th
how is that not 100
im on a streak
the language family has disproportionate cultural and civilizational influence compared to number of speakers
she deleted mine lol
that is why
afro asiatic has big influence?
i havent even known that family
why are we all competing to be the 100th quote?
is there a prize?
the prize of being the 100th
yes, eternal fame
and virgin pussy
filozof: hebrew, arabic
akkadian
aramaic
amharic
do we get bragging rights with this prize?
ancient egyptian
now coptic
well yes, hebrew has lots of influence i guess
its because of the jews
and arabic really has lots of speakers
filozof: would you call yourself a popular person?
.quote add <susandeath>: "why are we all competing to be the 100th quote? Is there a prize?" <filozof> : "yes, eternal fame.  And virgin pussy"  
WOoooooOooooooooOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooo
yaay
virgin pussie?
nooooooooooooooo
we did it susandeath 
SerNem I will share with you, I don't need my pussy to be virgin
we did filozof
susandeath++
we are the winners!
but like half the classical languages were afro-asiatic
always SerNem
akkadian, aramaic
egyptian
like the last 3 times you give me karma the bot cockblock it
damn bot
and a bunch of related stuff
"Do you even bake, sis?"
lots of semitic languages
now its time for a corny song susandeath 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04854XqcfCY
the ++ filter should be set to like 10min
not hours
thats not corny
filozof66+
dmanit
Oh, are you? :o
filozof++
its the right song
susandeath++
.karma
how do we know south africa has any other females?
shhh Architect don't go spoil it all now
how does jetfuel melt steel beams guys? That's all i'm sayin...
I really want to eat this guacamole but all my fritos got broken into small pieces so its hard to scoop :c
#firstworldproblems
fritos are weird and haven't caught on in Canada
has anyone here seen ghost in the shell?
YES!!!
did you like it?
also fritos are awesome
I loved it Architect
I saw it for the first time last night and my feelings are mixed
.allquotes
oh, why mixed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saaranpaskantamasaari
oh god
Isn't Arabic afroasiatic?
this is really hard to read but I'm getting the feeling that OP is a bitch
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41d88m/me_28f_not_feeling_supported_by_my_husband_32m_in/
I thought the animation was beautiful, but the story was overly complex whilst not very well explained and it seemed like they really just wanted to make the main character get naked a lot
yes AtlasB 
semitic
Arab conquered the other languages
which im not against, but, it was weird that one guy could use a cloak to go invisible, but she was always naked
Replaced Aramaic as lingua franca
The name, in Finnish, means "the island shat by Saara".
haha
Holy wall of text.
what happened chirp
it's only like 240 million speakers for arabic
.quote witzie75 
.quote witzie70 
YES i am!!!
there it is
AtlasB: did you ever actually answer to this?
shame
shame
shame
oh man witzie
thats crazy
who authorized that vacay
my mom had 6 kids and sewed to make money
and we all had dinner at a reasonable time as a family
and my mom didnt have a damn dishwasher
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41egcx/women_would_you_ever_pay_for_sex/cz1ojmc
edgelordddddd
lol so i went to india and he had some resentment for that + because i had bad wifi so the day i was in the police station sorting out something that happened to my friend he broke up with me over text
or dryer for our clothes
this woman is a whiner
she has 2 kids
and works 20 hours a week!
shame
can you give the link again witzie?
I missed it
hard knock life 
wait, she only works 20hrs per week?
pfffft
yeah mads
15-20
"For example: in the mornings, sometimes hell make both of us fried eggs and bacon for breakfast, but then leave both plates and the frying pans for me to clean up after hes left for work."
what a whiner!
OHHH, SO DIFFICULT.
15-20 is nothing
jfc
its been two weeks now i think, oddly feel like a happier person
she has 2 kids
thats all
2
plates and frying pans to hardly clean up and then slap in the dishwasher??? So hard! So, so hard!
wait, so he makes her breakfast and she's mad 
I know right?
xD
all she does is bitch bitch bitch
like AtlasB if I had guessed I'd have guesssed 500 million to 1 billion afroasiatic speakers
but it's only about 400 million total
and only about 250 million arabic speakers
"halp, my husband scattered rosepetals all over our bedroom and lit lots of lovely scented candles. THEN I HAD TO SWEEP UP THE ROSEPETALS AFTER"
noooo
the douche
.quote add 2:59 PM <@madscilove> "halp, my husband scattered rosepetals all over our bedroom and lit lots of lovely scented candles. THEN I HAD TO SWEEP UP THE ROSEPETALS AFTER"
This is why I hate SAHMs sometimes.
haha
they should come learn from my mom
Even though I wouldn't mind being one myself, so many of them whine so much.
Women didn't complain this badly before they had the luxuries of dishwashers and Netflix.
she and my dad lived in a place with no electricty when my mom had 4 boys all under 5
she had to chop wood
for the stove so she could cook
and heat water etc
she had to go collect the water first too
they had no running water
pfft
complainer
it's tough making a meal while caring for the two little ones
yeah
cause no woman ever had to do that?
Crockpot meals are so easy, too.
You don't even need to actually do anything aside from prep, so that makes "making a meal while caring for the two little ones" super easy.
I'm glad to hear it!
he was no good
Oh dear. 
tbh, I don't think "real" cooking is any harder than crockpot stuff
It isn't.
you can make tons of awesome things that invovle minimal active effort
I was just saying that there's a super easy way to cook meals.
yeah madscilove same
like, I can make a curry and rice from scratch in 30 min
probably 15 min active time
also freezer meals are way more of a pain than ppl admit
yeah!
and don't taste good
It always depends on what works for someone, I suppose.
oh
I dont think they are
I love freezer meals
I don't like the taste 
Some people swear by their crockpots and others say they'd rather just make normal meals.
the consistency
I always have some kind of cooked mince
or frozen stew or soupd
I find that they taste the same when reheated
I'll probably make crockpot stuff while I'm in grad school, but that's because I can have something cooking while I'm gone, so I just have to eat and then put away leftovers.
there are somethings I wont freeze
like pasta and potatoes
Some things just don't do well frozen or in the fridge.
I like the idea of freezer meals, but I'm not that organized
I'm sure if we could flash freeze, it might be a lot easier and would mean less flavor loss.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41eb77/cmv_if_you_expect_a_man_to_date_a_rape_victim/
i always make a huge batch of something and then eat it over the week
I find mince cooked in a bolognnaise sauce freezes well
so they you can just cook the pasta
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41eb77/cmv_if_you_expect_a_man_to_date_a_rape_victim/cz1qrvq
10 minutes for dinner
and stews with onion green beans and meat and carrots
that keeps their flavour and texture
Oh, yeah, bulk sauces wouldn't be a bad idea.
http://imgur.com/gallery/nThAL  I love old ads.  :)
thats basically what I do
then I make the pasta
or couscous for with stew
and then dinner
easy peasy
people can date whoever they want, but pedophile =/= rape victim
Chinese Cherry. omg
^^true
I'm not butthurt about people who decide they'd rather not date rape victims
but the logic in that OP bothers me
because it doens't make sense
ok i need to look at my streak again
.quote witzie98
.quote witzie99
.quote witzie100
thanks witzie i sort of knew it but you know i was very invested in our future
lmao that baby with cigs
yeah mads
I think the OP was trying to logic that rape  victims are messed up in the head
like pedos
I disagree
Still on that topic, I see, heh
I wouldn't date someone who was actively mentally unstable
if they have mental illness that they are managin, that's fine
Same here, madscilove.
I like the chubbies one.  
no me eitehr
ohhhh and at the end he got mad and accused me of bpd
Questioningwoman is really bitter about being an uggobeast:
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41f4t3/if_men_go_for_fake_vapid_women_why_do_they/cz1ucmu
So, what is the verdict of the pedo/rape victim argument?
itts a scarcity mentality
that one fucke dup rap eperson
isnt the only women on earth
.k ppdbot
and if shes the only woman on earth to you
thats not RP
rp is abundance
.karma ppdbot 
Right on, AtlasB
why is any individual fucke dup rape victim worth dealing with that?
madscilove how would you rate your fiance's DL
+ how buff he is
i think he rbf is high
i think theyre HHH
DL?
dominance level?
Hey, aZombieKitten! No worries, I was afk :)
.addterm
what's DL?
by the way, are you still keeping that nonsense name "dominance threshold"?
I think it is the level of dominance in a person
ah, gotcha
hm
its not nonsense
its a perfect description
madsci by your descriptiuons of your fights id say youre HHH
would you agree
I think so
not HHL, then?
"dominance threshold" isnt a good name for what you're describing
I mean, if I was HL, I think I would have run screaming several years ago
so I guess HH
whats a better word than threshhold
is he buff
nah, he's skinny fat
my h isnt buff now but he was
threshold is nonsense because it suggest its a minimum level of dominance
he was holocaust-victim skinny when I met him
hes built high t
level and tolerance
its both
youre just wrong
that when you are higher than everything is good
?
lol
I'd say he's high dom, but he lets me run most things in our lives
that vapid women thread
hmm
atlasb yeah I know, 0 percent biker
the magnitude or intensity that must be exceeded for a certain reaction, phenomenon, result, or condition to occur or be manifested.
but if you are higher than her "dominance threshold" you are a bad fit
its both a minimal requirement and the amount youll tolerate
what's this h-l nomenclature?
if we take that as a definition
the threshhold is for women
not men
and if you are lower then you're also a bad fit
does it mean like 'high-high-low'
then threshold means the maximum amount of dominance a woman  can take
no the threshold is a minimum requirement an dmaximum tolerance
camille addressed it
before she reacts abacdly
in her essay
*badly to ut
Reading about it here in RPW: https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
most women can deal with 0-2 points higher dom
frensel: first letter is the man's dominance level. second letter is the woman's dom level. last letter is her dominance threshold
most women need a man more domnant than them
so, what she'll find attractive/can put up with
What would I be AtlasB?
yes both
ok
yes, in other words, it's not a "threshold" because you can't be neither higher not lower than this
none of you on the internet who dont go fuck women are high dominance
the word "threshold" is simply misleading
this isnt about men its about women
the better word would be "dominance preference" or "dominance target"
no
I need to read on this then
Yeah, preference
we stem guys all agreed on this
theres a 2 point wiggle room
you are wrong
O right you said that earlier
did you read the post?
filozof its a threshold in the sense that if the dominance is higher than that then a certain reaction will occur
or if it's too low
I guess it's the dominance target range
its the level at which it provokes a negative reaction in a woman
its also a threshold in the sense that if the dominance is lower
a reaction will occur
a negative one
its an upper and lower limit simultaneously
I am low threshold
it has wiggle room built in
yes, therefore its not a threshols
in that I cannot take a high level of dominance
threshold limits something from one side
too much dominance
and I am done
there's no threshold that limits something from both sides
a reaction occurs
who taught you english
its a dual threshhold
for two different things
I think I do find low dominance off-putting, now that I think back on my dating life
youre using it like someone who studied english
oh interesting
ty for link katsumii_
i wonder what i am
were using it like native speakers
who can deal with nuance
sernemesis and fiat are also native speakers
and they agreed with me
its not the scientific term
I guess my objection to it is, do a significant number of women really have low 'dominance thresholds' 
its the lay usage
they just like to be precise
like me
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40nvcn/question_for_bp_what_is_so_offensive_about_the/cz1uoxv
frensel yes
this is killing me
Frensel, I think most women have low dominance thresholds
many women have low dominance threshholds
a lot of women would run away from AtlasB's h
bullshit threshold, I believe, dominance threshold not so much 
or my fiance
:P
right
On one hand, I'm convinced my threshold is relatively low, but my BF's DL is relatively high, but ... I see a lot of men whose DLs are higher than his. \_()_/
he punched a hole in my bedroom door on one of our first dates
how many women will stick around for that?
lol
"I've been approached by many "alpha males" - all different types. Borderline criminals, hawt jocks, uber-yuppies, edgy rebels, smooth operators. I'm not impressed by how impressed with themselves they are. I see them a mile away and they have no chance - with me. I'm repulsed by Game. I don't know what else to say about it."
my friends all told me to leave him and were horrified
I have a LHL relationship with J
lol madsci
hot
i couldnt handle a high dominance man
hehe
most women cant
those are the "abusive relationships" each of them has at 20
lol
they had a masculine high dom man who wanted to control them
dat special snowflake
12:27:02 <@madscilove> he punched a hole in my bedroom door on one of our first dates
o.O
Hey blowing 
what did you do?
i knew they were alpha
so i rejected them
lol wat
I dont want to control anyone in a relationship
Hey BeyondTheLight !
and I dont want to be contyrolled wither
*either
i giver her 10 years and a cat
SerNemesis: I kicked him out of my house
How are you doing blowing :)?
and then called him two days later
don't those women tend to go from 'abusive relationship' to 'abusive relationship' until they want a family? seems more like they failed to get familial commitment from high dominance rather than prefer low dominance 
I'm good BeyondTheLight ! How are you?
i'm curious what did you do to provoke such reaction though
oh, what happened before that
lol
Busy, but that is about it haha
well, I was sad about something and crying and he tried to comfort me
but I pushed him away
and he got mad that I wouldn't let him help
and punched a hole in my door and threw his bike down my stairs
oh my
yeah I would be cheers
dude
and never see him again
That seems like an overreaction
Lol
I just told him not to break my stuff anymore
he was channeleing kylo ren
and he hasn't
lol
madscilove is he smooth
He must be super hot for you to have: A. Asked him out, B. Called him back after that
conversationally
he's kind of an awkward conversationalist
lmaaaao susandeath 
lots of conspiracy theories that I think are a bit nutty
12:32:18 <+susandeath> he was channeleing kylo ren
susandeath++
:)
Lonny_Z> He must be super hot for you to have: A. Asked him out, B. Called him back after that
Well, I'm pretty sure this thread helped me a TON, at least to get started with understanding, and that I'm severely going to work on myself and need RPW's help to do so. https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
left the man I'd been dating for 2 years for him too
...bbl
I am coming to Hawaii
To kill you both
xD
why?
Fuck sake
madscilove, is he violent otherwise?
Butthurt that a handsome guy can get away with murder
i would be worried about any man who got angry enough to hurt someone else's wall over something relatively insignificant
yeah cake me too
it's a pretty greawt thread, katsumii_ .
"greawt" wat
that makes us Lthreshold
hey i mean if it works it works
At least he care about me /typical woman
cakeforallofyou: not to me. he'll take his anger out on his stuff sometimes. there have been holes in our walls and broken electronics over the years. and he'll try to fight people who disrespect him
or me
It is hard to write the scene in my head where his anger escalated to that level over that
i am sure there are many H men who can restrain themselves from physical violence when unnecessary
he's a very intense person
but yes, apparently so.
he's got this single-minded devotion that I've never seen before, that's probably what drew me to him. I've literally never met anyone like him
that's cool then
is that HHH?
but yeah, I mean, even I get a little freaked out by the intensity sometimes. I'm a little pacifist at heart
my huscat doesn't get violent when it's not important, which i appreciate
yeah chirp
our fights tend to be high volume 
I hope your plates aren't real porcelain.
:P
get those cheap ones greek restuarants buy by the dozens
and then after you throw styuff when angry you can shiout
Whoopa!
i think all my relationships have been HHL.. maybe
haha
lol
and drink a shot of ouzo
susandeath++
"I hate you so much! I am going to break this 100 dollar plate to show you!"
that's hilarious
chirp apprently if you L threshold then you cant do H dom men
I dont fully understand it
but 
i think dominance equates more to wanting to take the lead
and non dominant people are not necessarily doormats
oh confusing
als othere are levels
Camille's post had a lot of them
maybe it was LLH?
chirp, my husband is "low" dominance according to the chart, and I have a low threshhold
but I am inclined to think J is low dominance
apparently that mostly means that we don't like throwing plates.
lmao cakeforallofyou 
(not really, that's an oversimplification)
lol who's cakeforallofyou
and he could be dorrmatty in the beginning
That's a funny nam
Hey do you have a link of that H/L Stuff? Guessing is hard.
thanks protopill 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
i think that is the thread AnnoyingSeaAnt 
my men start out as high dom either as a mask or maybe they are and then i beat them down somehow
or maybe its just the mask coming off
*shrug*
I dont' think high dom = domineering, either
so you start off hoping for HHH and end up with LHH and disgusted with them?
Oh no
Not that chart again
just like low dom =/= doormat
Nooooo
Shits confusing
how, it's a great chart!
Cause it reminds me of reading Chinese New Year animals about myself
hah
I could fit into all of them
I got only the comments , do I have to subscribe?
cakeforallofyou i just rebel like crazy and then it goes to chit and i have no respect for them
*shit
I can't tell if I'm the rabbit or the dragon
sounds like they're not H enough for you then, chirp 
nah, you should be able to read it annoyingseaant
I don't think I'm subbed to rpw
and I can see it
true cakeforallofyou guys are so good at seeming they are though
so many guys come off as H and then actually are not
so wait, what happens when a relationship is LHH?
yep.
do the women just walk all over the men?
madscilove, you hate the guy for being weak and walk over him
No one knows mads
Hello!!
That's strange I'll try on another computer.
It's Sunhappy
hey Sunhappy 
hey!
hi!
i might be happy with LHL maybe?
Hey Sunhappy!
do you consider yourself HL, chirp?
chirp, some women are, if you're really not into dominance in men
i can't decide if im H or L
probably H
I probably need a HHH.
but for threshold i have no idea
you seem HL 
me?
yeah
aZombieKitten: some slaps right az? :)
chirp> i might be happy with LHL maybe?--> I am
Okay, where is this post with HHLLHLHLHLHHLLL?
Gotta keep em straight
if you think you're a high, and you want the guy to take the lead, you're probably HH, chirp 
:p All the slaps.
ALL THE SLAPS!
lmao Lonny_Z 
but only because i have gotten J to sometimes out himself first
lol lonny_Z I lost the link
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
SLAPS FOR EVERYONE
instead of making up what he thinks I want
doing it
and then resenting me for it
chirp, but if you think you're a high and want the guy to follow your lead, then you're HL
Strange, the only post I see on RPW is a field report.
HHH is the slap fest right?
apparently, protopill 
Excellent
Maybe it is an ISP thing?
I am right on at least one so far
i THINK i want a man to take the lead but i feel like he has to fight me for it lmao
I think LHL either ends up in the man being resentful
Slap fest??
like earn it almost
AnnoyingSeaAnt, want me to PM you the text?
or the woman being bord
susandeath, i think it *can* work
unless its handled very carefully 
Yes slap fest Sunhappy
HHH is the one with lots of broken housewares
Why not
chirp: only the good ones do
That's HHH
:P
Haha broken housewares
Why?
and the man learns to say what he wants
That or copy it to a pastebin.
Okay I lied the chart isn't that hard
It's just hard choosing between two
There's two that are similar
which two protopill?
That I feel I fit
Sunhappy: I think it's just that two high dominance people in a house can be kind of explosive
my friend thinks i need a guy to force respect into me not physically 
protopill is LLL with slight leaning toward HLH
HLH and LLL
damn it witzie knows
She's too smart
:)
I've stopped trying to figure this out
I'm pretty chill in my relationships, but I'm a Type A asshole to most people. I'll listen to a guy if I don't think I can run all over him.
I used to take terrible advantage of any weakness openings.
I'm very passive and chill and self directed
HLHLHLH O__o
same i think aZombieKitten 
http://i.imgur.com/GNLAkuY.gifv
I am chill and excitable
and self-directed
I am not gettint any of this protopill 
on one hand i want my guy to go to the spa with me on the other, i want him to not take my shit
The whole beta this and beta that was enough
like so confusing tbh
i cannot see susandeath being super excited about anything
Sexy
thats cause you cant hear me soemtimes
12:53 PM <chirp> on one hand i want my guy to go to the spa with me on the other, i want him to not take my shit
when I am throwing my hands in the air and yelling at the computer screen
Oh god
An extro
You sound exhausting
lol
I could go for GB at the minimum, but I prefer lower alpha.
I'm pretty chill but I have a bad temper
protopill++
guys you can do it. it's not that complicated, BeyondTheLight 
I get super excited about stuff
two principles: dominance level and dominance threshold.
whats an extro protopill
so Frensel i haven't followed the civil war too closely recently
extrovert, chirp
The incarnation of evil
catching up on the updates
im nottttttt
lol
oh, psh. you're an extro protopill
:)
the fall of Salma really did open up an advance
im so not an extrovert
protopill I am not the complete incarnation  of evil
I am nice to kids
and puppies
Ooo puppies
I love puppies too
:)
You can be my friend Susan
i just like activities with my SO occasionally
thanks protopill
bffs 4;lyfe
unlike these past 6 months with my ex where we did nothing
protopill have you watched the latest lawyer documentary obsession
making a murderer
?
I'm curious what you'd think of it
I haven't but I've heard it's good
oh, huscat and i went to visit our cousin + new baby the other day
I'm going to
SO cute
 <cakeforallofyou> guys you can do it. it's not that complicated, BeyondTheLight 
and he was a bit charmed by the baby
Ugh you guys change these things every 3 secs
(yay)
it's just a theory
Puppies. <3
witzie i'm curious: do you care about legacy or are you just here to enjoy life?
I want a billion puppies.
and an interesting one, i think
And a baby pet pig.
i want to get a pet sooooo bad
esp since singledome
omg puppies
some of both SerNemesis 
what do yall think of ferrets
aZombieKitten, http://i.imgur.com/SRoIIac.gifv
chirp
(although all pigs become big pigs)
catsnakes!!!
I just saw that. :3
:#
:3
waffleface
get a hamster chirp :D
I also saw the little gif of the babbies eating an apple. <3
the hamster in me is already too big SerNemesis 
lol chirp 
http://lolsnaps.com/upload_pic/CatSnake-6101.jpg
chirp++
hehe thanks :)
Legacy is a male concern
AtlasB, it is, isn't it! i would be happy to adopt but my huscat is keen on genetic babymaking
lol AtlasB did you see this slapfight
https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/41d6z2/post_no2_ive_fucking_had_it/cz1iq2e
No I'm driving
!
OK millenials and adopting 
Lol
hahaha susandeath 
cat-snake
i know right
O that would be a later cakeforallofyou have fun with the adopted baby O am out haha
AtlasB, more i just meant that i'm not too concerned about the genetic legacy aspect
but huscat certainly is (and he's a millenial)
millenial is part date of birth
and part attitudwe
so he is only part millenial
haha
okay
imo anyway
shrug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMWUwgz5r5w
oh god
cringe
Cake no you exemplified the male female differences 
SerNemesis, some people should not talk
Hey, buartha :D
Heyyy katsumii_ 
How's it going?
Pretty well. Working 8-5 now.
Finally made a full paycheck two days ago. How are you??
Happy Sunday all, I'm off. Bye :)
bye!
Aw bye, blowing!
byeee
bye!!
do turtles have personality?
Yes
Why wouldn't they?
http://usuncut.com/class-war/michael-moore-flint-water-crisis/
lol
genocide
bad water= racism
lol
just wondering katsumii_ 
moore is so stupid
i dont get why he is popular in murika
the fucking left destroyed michigan
....Lol
and he blames everything but them
firion he isnt popular
I used to read his books ;_;
But that's what America is about. Freedom. ... and arguing/debating
he isnt?
he was on some murican show
and he makes money filming stupid shit
among the herd left
hard
i like it
Well, I don't remember him being relevant for a while.
herd left
regular american ppl hate his guts
FOLLOW THE HERD
has anyone ever personally encountered a couple where the girl is hot and the man extremely beta (and he's not a billionaire)?
Doesn't mean he isn't popular
His books say he was a virgin till 33.
I know plenty of Moore haters (and I don't like him myself; I couldn't care any less, actually) but that popularizes him even more.
i am starting to see a pattern annoyingseaant
first thales then moore
hes a disgusting gross pedo face leftist faggot
what makes you say he's a pedo, AtlasB ?
are you two hoping to have babies of your own soon, cakeforallofyou?
i said pedo face
look at him
madscilove, next few years. i would be happy to do it now but huscat has a couple of things he wants to do first
lool
he has the pedo face
but it's nice to see that he is pro-baby even now
pedo hairline
face width
smile
like john wayne gacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5ygoDnlGCg
new normal rock rocks
"no ballads no broads no bullshit"
nice motto
bbiab!
what is bbiab?
be back in a bit
man what a letdown
i read about the SAA beheading ISIS fighters
and was like "awesome"
turns out they only beheaded dead bodies
lame
aw, cool
deir ez-zor offensive seems to have borne some fruit for IS unfortunately 
yeap
one of the many reasons I hate hipsters. Here is a bunch of people talking about a game from 1986 that had pixel art (https://youtu.be/kaloP3YGi2w?t=175). Compare that to the lazy efforts the hipsters call pixel art today. 
should have beheaded them while rapping their loved ones
the artist on the game had to draw everything pixel by pixel
the beheaded should be synchorised with the saa soldiers or the daughters of the beheaded cumming
cross stitch and needlepoint have been pixel art for centuries
hipsters suck
at art
yeah Frensel
they are all talk and no substance
no beauty
no spirit
just a nostalgia of something that they didnt even live
yeah AtlasB
roman and greek mosaics are pixel art
I never realised that before
I drew a picture once using small dots
yeah AtlasB 
that was pixel art too
haha
roman, greek, sassanid
byzantine
Am good katsumii_! Sorry for late reply :P just chilling here, hope work is alright!
Haha, all good.
buartha, were you the one wiht the coloring book?
*with; and I mean, the one taunting you?
I might be thinking of someone else completely; it was around Christmastime
Nah, I think a few people here use them though :) 
Hmmm, ok! 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41el5w/is_trp_directed_at_straight_white_males_from_the/cz1xbsy
Yeah, it's a trend that's just been brought to my attention
Syrians need blue pills
Lol, Lonny_Z.
why eastern euro women Lonny_Z 
Good reply. Interesting question on theOP's part
they aren['t taking in syrians
I LONNY
WHERE SHUWEDEN
WESTER EURO BRO
WESTER EUROPEPDIUM POOPLE
I think lonny is code switching EUGHHH BLACKS
what's this?
Lonny_Z having one of his white envy attacks?
Lol, code switching to retard
aka switching to black HURR HURRR FUNNY ONE, WITZ 
Haha
I'm only racist against canadians and the sudanese
Lol
You can't be racist towards canadians because they are white as snow
So racism is only racism against non-whites?
Yes, check your privilege
Nice and high
White people are pasty and inherently evil #killwhitey
I walked in at a weird time
Do I really count as white if I'm pale enough to be translucent? Just sayin'
this is ppd irc
do you really think *this* is what constitutes a 'weird time' ?
lolol
point taken
I'm basically white
I always think it's cheating when asians are considered "minorities"
nothing bad happens to asians. we're functionally white. (at least, asian women)
you get yellow fevered
That's true
Yellow fevered out the wahoo
I had black friends in oakland who'd include me in their "people of color" talk, and it was always like "well, gee that's nice of you, but I really don't think I have the problems you have"
oh wow katsumii_ is alive
Hi, SexyMcSexington
what a hallowed occasion
lol
Hi katsumii_!
yellow fevered
madscilove: I always think it's cheating when asians are considered "minorities" <- its the most useless form of minority
we dont even get scholarships
or affirmative action
but we still arent white
i want a refund on this ethnicity
So many asians in here
are you asian katsumii_ 
No
we get "non white cred"
I'm referring to SexyMcSexington and madscilove
we're exempt from white privilege accusations :3
there are a lot of asians here
hey AtlasB i want to run a theory by you
dathrowaway, sern, and fiat are all asian too
so i'm particularly curious about the discovery of agriculture
yep. it's definitely easier when the baby looks a bit like your family, too - he's not into babies in general but this one had the same dutchy look about it as the rest of the family
it only happened 10,000 years ago
Ok
supposedly because of climate patterns
food make when grok bury potato
grok bury potato get more potato
grok bury all potato
madscilove ur asian
but i have a hard time believing that there were no places on earth where climate phenomena incentivized/allowed the discovery of agriculture
It was alluvial plain emmer wheat
and all of a sudden within the span of about 5,000 years we have agriculture discovered in multiple places in the world
Yeh
I never heard the climate theory 
yeah, half bardolatta
agriculture has been a 10,000 year plant genetic engineering program
That I remember
Yeh
madscilove east asian or indian
nah it spread
from your mother's side right
grok get many potato, grok friend also bury potato
nope, my dad's chinese
I don't think it spread
my mom's white
madscilove, interesting! do you have much to do with your dad's side?
Bet ya didnt expecr that huh bardolatta 
I feel like I never heard Indians call themselves "asians" before reddit
I think it was simultaneous and independent in near east and asian
middle east, central america, sahel, china, and new guinea at the very least discovered agriculture independently
cakeforallofyou: sort of. I'm much closer with my dad than my mom
and it's unclear whether middle east was just one or multiple
Lonny_Z: that was always a uk thing 
but I'm closer to my maternal grandmother than my dad's parents
I doubt many people hear asian and think of people without Ching Ching eyes
cool madscilove :)
my hypothesis would be that it was an issue of cognitive evolution
Ching chong*
Lol racism
humans just weren't smart enough to do societal agriculture until then
Lonny_Z: I doubt many people hear asian and think of people without Ching Ching eyes <- this is why we dont call ourselves asian
right
because people think ching chong instead
i think that was it
no one in US ever considered indians asians
Can confirm, Indians called Asians here
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neolithic_Revolution#Agricultural_transition
I still have a hard time considering indians asian, to be completely honest
are you familiar
with
the discredited
bicameral mind theory
that im still a fan of
So when a guy says "I like Asian chicks" you imagine Ching chongs AND brown curries buartha?
it would make sense for humans to evolve at somewhat similar though not identical) rates worldwide, explaining the discovery of agriculture at roughly the same time worldwide
I easily consider Indians to be Asian, but then I consider most people over there European ... and Russians are in Asia ...
Lonny_Z: "asian" britain = south asian
"asian" in USA = east asian
yup
bigger older population of east asians
madscilove taiwainese or mainland, and if latter, did he immigrate pre/post '49
than south asians
AtlasB: left vs right brain?
i think the locations has been discredited
If they're from the UK I would assume all of Asia counted unless they said  otherwise
but not necessarily the categorizations of some cognitive functions as being right and others as left
So, there aren't a lot of East Asians in the UK?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bicameralism_(psychology)
no theyre too busy being in east asia
mostly pakis in UK 
ooh
only CMWF couples I can remember, the man is taiwanese
interesting.
Right. I got that impression from jk Rowling witzie
no, my family's been in the US since my greatgrandmother's generation
but mainland china
ah
"For example, in the Iliad and sections of the Old Testament no mention is made of any kind of cognitive processes such as introspection, and there is no apparent indication that the writers were self-aware."
huh
railroads/gold rush?
interestingly enough, my dad has 4 brothers, and they all married white women
wow
that's really interesting
nope, my family has always been farmers
I can recall pretty archaic inscriptions in egyptian and mesopotamian stuff that indicates self-awareness
low class chinese, basically
I mean, not anymore
but ancestrally
people usually just marry who's around them 
which in america is white people
that's where we come from
old testament is very god-oriented so it would make sense that it didn't have self-awareness
but i'm surprised by the illiad
iliad
SexyMcSexington your name changed back!
yeah if i do SMS i cant autologin
Mine lets me auto-log just fine on other usernames. Just doesn't /mode +x properly, but you should be able to change that.
yeah, you have to go and mod your settings
if you change your nick
very interesting AtlasB 
The sikh dude in my school had a white girlfriend, I think he was seen as exotic for being basically the only guy at the school who wasn't a white northern irish Catholic, haha
we need to study primitive people way more
see what their cognitive styles are like
*were
and not let anti-racist liberals suppress any conclusions we find
wouldn't that be african american or asian studies SerNemesis ?  ;)
Amen to that
as in hunter-gatherers
yanomamo, andamanese, etc.
primitive hunter-gatherers at that
"Julian Jaynes' study is only based on the writings and culture of the Mediterranean and Near-Eastern regions and does not explain how such bicameralism could also have been near totally lost at the same time across the whole planet and in the entire human kind."
see this is why i want to study primitive peoples
aww :)
i was ananthro major for a while
read all the old ethnographies
read "nisa a kung women in her own words"
and colin turnbulls the forest ppl
that has an interesting incidient
he takes a pygmy in  his truck
out of th eforest
and the pygmy sees buffalo in the disctance and thinks they are flied
oh yeah
i've read about that
and when they are close he thinks turnbull use dmagic
yeah
to turn flies into buffalo
yeah
thats barely a human braion
Aww. :c
That's kind of sad. 
you have to read the 70s and earlier ethnographies
before all the PC
yeah
why do pakistanis seem so much more primitive arab brained than indians? are they actual different genetic stock?  I always kind of pictured them as just being "muslim indians" that separated off 
are they indo aryan like indians?
because theyre muslims
they are more aryan than indians
its just because their religion is dumb?
i think they wer emorth closer to afghani types from the outset, no?
yeah AtlasB 
aryans and other nomadic indoeuropeans from central asia
along with some turkic and mongolic
thrown in for good measure
mascilove do you know of r/hapas
the ancestral population before that was middle eastern
probably similar to elamites
but yeah witzie it's mostly religion
yeah it's strange, you don't hear about indian sex gangs in britain
mixed with a relative lack of civilization for much of its history
i don't think indian muslims are nearly as bad as pakistanis
some people attribute it to muslim inbreeding
cause they have been indianized
even persian muslims would probably be a lot better behaved
fun fact: the renegade alpha at my HS, who wasn't good luck but somehow snagged a blonde cheerleader, was pakistani
okay i may hate the yanomamo but this is pretty friggin awesome: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4NPAVXaFhU
psychotic really
makes sense bardolatta 
good looking*
look at dzhokar tsarnaev
the girls loved him
he looks white tho
http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02546/times-square_2546945b.jpg
white-looking indians are still quite beta
there was also that abu mansoor al amriki guy
I don't think tsarnaev was indian
that's not an indian name
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Mansoor_Al-Amriki#Early_life
he doesnt look indian
what no i'm not saying he was indian
he was chechnyan
i'm saying white-looking north indians don't have the success he has
cause they're too beta
the chechens are super alpha
yeah
so were the wehmacht, actually - i read somewhere that 1/10 danish women slept with one
lol
dat hypergamy
which is an amazing number considering that it was the stuffy 40s
i bet way more than 1/10 east european women slept with them
but it wasn't consensual
i dunno, I haven't been able to find any reports of rape
i tried to look for WWII france rape
yay new fitbit wristband
all I got was stories about (black) American GIs
kittenkajira, do you have many wristbands? I have like, 10 at this point
were*
Mine doesn't have changeable wristbands (it's the HR)
It was consensual, dashing soldier types.
ah, bummer
i would love a HR but i REALLY enjoy the wristbands...
I kinda wish it did, because it's too big!  But I understand why it can't - it's pretty obvious looking at it that you can't change the band.
yeah
I was right on the edge of small vs large, so went with the large, and I really should have gone with the small.
http://feetlips.tumblr.com/post/137460776604 ahaha
burnnn
(those names are terrible)
there wasn't rape in france
i mean of course there was
but it wasn't sanctioned
and it wasn't systematic
eastern europe was different though
they dragged polish girls off the streets to put them in military brothels
:(
I almost want to update to the Surge.
The nazis or the russians?
the nazis
I love my HR, but the surge looks really cool.
Lol , breeding with slavs.
or more accurately the germans
Is that the one with GPS?
Questioningwoman is having a meltdown over natural makeup
Well, they needed motivation to fight the USSR in winter. Invest cruelty to leverage more cruelty.
poor questioningwoman
She is "insing"
she gives the OCD stuttering vibe
She is the poster girl for involuntarily single women
involuntarily single women?
like incels
but instead of not being able to get sex, they're not able to get a relationship
hm hm
you know
Yep, since female incelity can't really exist
involuntarily is such a wrong term to use
in case of these people
Lonny_Z ooh I want to see the meltdown
link??
That's funny, cakeforallofyou
Funny but inaccurate
I can't imagine how the "problems" that they encounter are non-fixable
what do you mean?
I believe that they can change
that whatever is in their way of not allowing them to attain what they want is a hurdle that can be overcome
that might be true, but they are possibly still incel until they fix whatever "it" is
My internet is too slow madscilove, but questioningwoman is on her second post today about how angry she is that dumb pretty girls can wear natural makeup and attract more men than her even though she is smart and in slut makeup
xD
gonna go find it
I think people are too hard on incels sometimes
I agree, actually. some people really are just born with a shitty hand
not to say they can't improve
It must be hard to "be cool" if you don't know what that is
The first step to fixing a problem is realizing there is one
but maybe they can't improve that much
hm. I'm feeling a lot more generous and understanding toward incels today than usual
I've been walking through shit and I pulled myself out
It seems to be their main problem
in the old days a guys family would just find him a wife
and hed accept it
and that was it
not always but often
Sort of hard to change your personality
(at least according to my friends and their experience)
yeah i feel bad for them
what's with questioningwoman?
Ofcourse
Hard to pretend to be something you aren't
its all well and good to say "do this, this and that" but if it doesnt come naturally its going to come across shitty
she talks big about wanting to do all these things, but seems to badly want the approval of internet strangers
and wont work
and I still need to change
Change is what makes humans so goddamn strong
just go out and do the things. fuck what rp thinks of you
^^
What chat have I entered?
just go and do what works for you, there'll always be *someone* you can have...they might just not be on the level you want
this isn't PPD...
who are you imposters?
We are top of the food chain because we are adaptable
architect - join us
Architect: I'm feeling remarkably "peace on earth and good will toward men" today
joiinnnn ussssssss
If you don't change you get left behind and die and that is on you
I noticed
please take a number and wait your turn to be upgraded
this is for the greater good
doctor who reference?!
ofc ;)
:D
 
Katniss_Granger++
Can always count on RMBP for "death is on you" sentiments. 
I've been binge watching doctor who lately
eeee
madscilove++
I have no sympathy
I can't have sympathy for a man that I don't respec
lol. Katniss_Granger is a dirty dalek lover
respect*
chironex are you there?
I only have sympathy for things that are a) actually really unfortunate and b) not your fault/can't be put right easily
yea, but you're choosing to not respect them for an inherent trait. If you're born a 2, there's not much you can do
Listen to me
people who moan about things that they could solve if they stfu and stop moaning idgaf about
if you get yourself to a 3 and that's you're ceiling, you'd done what you could
I've been through depression, psychosis to the point of seeing things and hearing voices
It's not like shit just landed in place for me
Ok, but now you're making the fallacy of thinking that anyone who can't do what you can do sucks
which is kind of retarded tbh
If you say "i don't respect people who don't self improve" that's totally ok
but to say "i don't respect people who can't do what I did" doesn't make sense
Agreed with Architect
I'm not saying that
AtlasB I feel like I'm channelling you
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41fipl/the_makeup_double_standard/cz20nti
http://bayareaprosoccer.com/
is this awesome or what
madscilove: the jew is strong with this one...
see this is what you're gonna miss out on for abandoning the bay area madscilove 
:P
noooo. I miss the bay already, don't remind me
madscilove: you should demand people's liscence and registration when they join IRC...
lol
haha
"...you know how fast you were connecting bud...?"
 <Architect> yea, but you're choosing to not respect them for an inherent trait. If you're born a 2, there's not much you can do
you know what, I agree with you
"...step off the laptop"
if 3 is the highest you can get with work, that sucks
I mean, there are not many people with whom 3 is their  ceiling
most people can get to 5
who are currently like 3 or 4
5.5 even
right. but I think it's disingenuous to pretend we can all be successful and handsome/beautiful with enough work
griddy thinks everyone can be a 9, and I can see where she's coming from, but I think she's overly-optimisitc
Sure there is a roof to this
we can be our personal best, but that's going to be considerably different depending on where you started and what you're working with
right
Right
if I did nothing but obsessively self improve, my best is probably a 7
i know some people who could be 9.5's but they're happy at like, 6.5
To me these people don't even try to achieve their personal best
actually, I know one girl who could go from 4 to 9 if she lost some weight
she has a crazy gorgeous face, but she's like 50lbs overweight
50-60
lol madsci you sounded exactly like me
maybe not that much, maybe 45
AtlasB hehe I take that as a very high compliment :3
:)
my life goal is to be atlas
my sex change is next wed.
I will moderate /r/RedPillWimmin
Griddy has been driving me crazy
damn it, QW is frustrating to debate
she keeps dodging my points and questions
good debate tip number 1 - invent your own debate, you cant lose
ikr madscilove 
I asked "How are they clueless and delusional? What specific aspect of their opinion on makeup is them being clueless, and which aspect is delusional?"
she says "Because they have no clue what natural actually looks like."
way to not answer the question
Griddy: "here, look at this perfect specimen of masculinity wearing a white t-shirt. If only some men would groom themselves somehow their genes will rewrite themselves and they will look like this."
Katniss_Granger: is actually right
if you ignore your opponent, you can never really lose
lol
Lonny_Z++
hahahaha
Heyyy TheXanMan 
hey buartha :D
force GW to quote you
Qw
when she spins away from what youre saying
I juts got Vamp to admit that Game works
you still spinning your wheels against that dumb hole
Why does she do that?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40nvcn/question_for_bp_what_is_so_offensive_about_the/cz211kh
Griddy is similar, just not close to moronic
She will post handsome men with great bone structure, thick beards, and steroids and go "see look he groomed"
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41ftf6/blue_pill_is_never_going_to_understand_red_pill/cz20tue
vamp is HL
alright, worktime! Have an awesome day, ladies.
man id love to kicvk the shit out of her
shes another cooze who needs gun in mouth therapy
she thinks shes tough, eh
let my h and i go oto work on her
lol
oh man, your new flair atlas
xD
hahah
vampire is the kind of woman whos never been punched or kicked in the face
i dotn want to shoot ppl
i just want to hold guns on them
lol
its good for the character
ive quite a few guys try to start shit with m, but no guns
you're in canada after all
bummer, looks like QW gave up on me
womp womp
"RP wants to make zero sacrifices and zero commitment" <-- do these women realise the kind of sacrifices men have to make for a relationship to work?
QW is getting bitchy and emotonal all of a sudden 
she's meant to be all logical 
tut tut
QW?
questioningwoman
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41fese/theres_a_difference_between_i_dont_want_to_date/cz21l5j?context=3
oh, idealistgirl
look at dis bitchyness
if i devote the lion share of my time, patience, energy and income to a relationship and I get none of the things that make me happy, why even bother 
?
I hate when PPD gets into full 'let's talk about rape' mode. It's always non stop trolling for at least a few days
lol
I really dislike QW ever since we talked to her on skype
even guys who want kids don't see that as a plus, it's another sacrifice they feel the need to make with no reward expected
she came off as such a crazy cunt
like, a legitimately bad person
God, she was psychotic almost.
is she that female incel?
TheXanMan https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41fese/theres_a_difference_between_i_dont_want_to_date/cz21xik?context=1
haha madsci
wait, what?
I need to read this, sounds like nonsense
the rape victim discussions are funny
lol we have a pembayliss mocker?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41egcx/women_would_you_ever_pay_for_sex/cz2039i?context=3
is that allowed?
pisswhitefaelstrom got banned for that didnt he
OMG fembayliss
bahaha
yeah that'll get banned 
funny tho 
I have to agree with blooper OP
if you don't have the stomach to deal with a rape survivor, fine
but yeah all these "will you date rape victim" threads just have me like "well alright, if you don't want the emotionally damaged girls i guess that's more for me"
doesn't mean it's relevant advice to all men
I don't get what the bloopers are all upset about. it's perfectly reasonable to me that someone wouldn't want to date someone with (potentially) a lot of trauma and mental instability
Seriously.
true
Nobody is obligated to love you.
there's a difference between saying "all rape victims are bad nasty people" and "I don't want to date rape victims"
agreed madsci if you don't wanna put up with that it's fine 
and hey like i said more fucked up girls for me
but I have seen this sentiment before, that any woman with a hint of a bad past is bad news
Some people don't even want to deal with any kind of mental instability.
People have their preferences.
I personally dont want to deal with unmanaged mental illness or instability 
if someone won't help themselves, I don't want to be anywhere near them
that's just bad news bears
stable people are borrrrrrring
it is annoying to me because I have the ability to handle women who have had a troubled past, yet was told that I am irresponsible for going with what works for me
well, I've got a killer anxiety disorder myself (which I manage)
I personally cannot deal with another ill person
I don't have the resources
or capcity
*capacity
that's 100% fair 
I don't agree with the idea that all mental instability is bad and that people should just never date them, but I understand people not wanting to.
i'm just speaking to my preferences 
for sure :)
yes, there has to be one boring person in the relationship
me and my gf are both fucked in the head in our own ways 
ladies, I present to you: QM, an avowed criminal
makes for a fun time 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41ftf6/blue_pill_is_never_going_to_understand_red_pill/cz21fqs
I told you she's insane.
that's actually really sweet, xanman
"There are many ways to break the law and get what you want"
all these girls who want a guy to be more "sensitive"? Go date a bi polar guy :D
If they're totally managing their issues, fine.
QW sounds more and more schizophrenic the more she posts 
 I have seen feminists with "rape survivor" in their twitter bio. Who wants a woman who makes their rape a part of their identity?
I argued narcissism when we got off of Skype.
yeah, I can see narc
for sure
have to agree with you Lonny_Z 
agree, lonny
I know four women who are rape survivors
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41f2vn/if21_showed_my_boyfriend_m21_some_vacation_photos/
none of them advertised it
lol
AtlasB 
right
I think that not all women who have been raped in the past are utterly traumatized
absolutely
the strongest woman I know is a rape survivor
lonny that's some bullshit right there, showing it off on twitter 
witzie: would you ever show SP pics of you and an ex?
Wtf witzie
Lol
Haha witzie 
http://i.imgur.com/IbeM4Qw.jpg
Penis envy
um I think he saw pictures of my ex but idr 
like super in passing
I saw pictures of C's ex when were dating, but that was maybe one or two weeks in because he didn't realize they were all the way back at the end of his phone.
Whats with this thread
I would never purposefully show a current SO pictures of a former SO, though. That just seems like a dick move.
OP tactfully never actually answers whether BFs dick is bigger than the ex
I'm guessing it's smaller 
lol
guy sounds deeply insecure
naw
he sounds normal
most white guys are like that
well, masculine ones
it's a weird question to ask, though
talk about losing frame, lol
F would never ask me about an ex's dick
that's just odd
how is it losing frame Mashakos  
his insecurity and needing to be consoled
I've seen my partner's wedding pictures with his ex-wife, haha. He was the one who broke up with her though so that's a'ight
not confident in his own abilities and vale
value
Why are crazy men asking shit like that
he should dup her for being a coal burner ;) 
My h never asked shit like that
always assume you have the biggest dick
or don'
or don't think about that shit
even if you don't have the biggest dick, you have the last dick
I think confucius said that
I bet mads
lol
madscilove++
lolol
hehe
I imagine the dude especially had to tell himself that considered the asian small dicks
for the record I'm not CWM I don't actually care about coal burners 
considering*
OPs bf sounds annoying 
He said something like "why would you even date me? if you like black guys so much why don't you date black guys? what's the point of being with me? im not your type"
such a turn off >.>
shit
dude is being a mangina
OP was also stupid for sharing photos like that with an ex in them so blatantly.
I'm more partial to mudshark
They've both got problems there.
White women don't know how they fuck up dating black guys tho
White guys don't like that 
it also tells me something about him, he does not know how to evaluate his own sexual prowess
Its just reality
I think it depends how the pictures came up
if he asked about the trip and wanted to see pics, then I get it
if you know how good of a lay you are, you aren't intimidated by exes with bigger dicks
if she just whipped them out out of nowhere, that's pretty tactless
My wristband has an hrm strap
like, if someone wanted to see my vacation photos, I wouldn't pick out the photos with my ex in it first
Its 90-100$
Were there photos WITHOUT the ex?
that comes off way too fishy,imo
That'sw what I want to know.
Because if there were, it's extra tactless to include the ex in the stack.
Especially if she looks really happy with the guy. 
Its not insecurity, to white guys it's like hearing your gf is into bestiality 
...what?
HAH
it depends if they live together, too. I don't want to look like I've got something to hide and him seeing me taking pics of another guy out of a stack of photos
yeah AtlasB 
Its true
that's suuuuper fishy and odd
white guys are prissy little bitches in that case AtlasB 
thats why I don't like that classic response
he's *insecurrrreeee*
No they just think blacks are subhuman animals 
are you insecure if you odn't like that your gf fucked a dog?
Because in the us they largely are
For people who don't typically date out of their race, it's not surprising that they would react that way to their girl dating outside of her race.
Us has a whole history of racial politics 
if the guy cannot tell the social status of the ex outside of his skin colour, he's racist
My dad reacts the same way to the *idea* of me even dating a black guy.
Lol skin color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKNtK1mZyMA
plenty of black guys out there with PhD's holding six figure jobs
If someone dates outside of their race and then dates within their race, it wouldn't be entirely unfounded to assume they specifically LIKE that other race and thus think "she has a type."
All of this outside of the mentality towards black men.
if she only dated black guys prior, sure
It has nothing to do with the quality of the black guy
My vagina is an equal opportunity employer
Its his race
No, if she dated black guys period.
eh
They have a very specific aesthetic, imo.
I've been living for more than a decade in a city with 100+ nationalities
mixing is pretty normal over here
The us has a history 
And it's own black ppl
Its not about Africans in dubai
It's not the normality aspect, imo.
DG69++
lol
.addterm saintkate http://i.imgur.com/g6tbJeW.png
6:47 PM <Mashakos> if the guy cannot tell the social status of the ex outside of his skin colour, he's racist
so?
almost all masculine white men are racist
what's wrong with being racist?
aren't most cities cosmopolitan in the US?
People have visceral reactions to things, anyway.
not most, be there are a handful
Blavks are 12% of us
And makeup the underclass
well obviously a white chick dating me being racist would be a concern
idk, my fiance is from a cosmopolitan city and he's not racist. he's dated all around the rainbow
When I see black people, I normally think of the people from my hometown.
The city I live in is majority black
And if a white girls a mudshark she's screwed
I think almost all really masculine men are racist 
masculine black men are racist
masculine asian men are racist
Of course
masculine white men are *gasp* racist
Low wealth, high drama, and uneducated.
omg
Racism is tribalism 
cry me a river
actually, he really dislikes jews a lot
>.>
so there's that
We have a natural disliking for what we consider "other."
SP isn't really racist 
It's protecting "yours" from "them"
but he doesn't want to live next to black people
or let me live near them
lol =/
Good for him
What is sp
SP?
He wants to protect you
He's not stupid 
You two come visit me in Philly so he can see he's right lol
depends on your level of exposure. I would say most masculine men are not as permissive when it comes to women they don't have a preference for
Sp isnt really racist
lol
What is sp
Ill take you sightseeing
saintkate?
say a guy doesn't have a preference for asian chicks. He's not going to date one because she is "kind" or whatever.
If a white girl fucks black guys she's basically tainted 
Here
Thats the real reason once you go black you never go back lol
You can't 
Yeah0
What guys are like ewwww
you think masculine mexican dads let their daughters fuck black guys if they can help it?  
Nope
Fuck coalburners
its not just "omgz white ppl r rayciss"
Not touching that
Burn the coal pay the toll
Every race is usually racist against some other.
Black dads don't want their daughters marrying white guys 
yeah
https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xal1/v/t1.0-9/11219036_529382167214394_4466010428986190368_n.jpg?oh=47a9a8305bc990ded5df100e15bb7f1f&oe=570A3A78
its chad, raising rape awareness for women
such a nice guy
Almost nobody  likes a race traitor.
Lolol
Not even chad
Jack4ss: that guy looks like a dweeb
its mostly women but
Chad my ass, lol
https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtf1/v/t1.0-9/1507751_529382123881065_962511623978752696_n.jpg?oh=835c9e0339bfe019f7b23bd1cee3cdbe&oe=57066D21
this one made me laugh to
The seriousness of this was taken away when "sistas" was written.
i hope hes trolling
XD
Haha
would you care if your gf fucked a white guy Mashakos 
Wazzzzzupppp
while being my gf, wtf?
is Mashakos black?
no before you
my gf is from the south east US
SerNemesis++
15:57:46 <@AtlasB> Black dads don't want their daughters marrying white guys 
https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtf1/v/t1.0-9/1507751_529382333881044_4625546279070769147_n.jpg?oh=4e78a84e3accebabc46625c2b3f114d9&oe=573EB18A 
right they don't approve of race-traitoring
she only dated white guys before me
https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpl1/v/t1.0-9/11062056_529382377214373_1170169008318904313_n.jpg?oh=5cd6bc84867f0e38042373bff26361fb&oe=5746D652
NEVER GETTIN LOVE
lol Jack4ss 
Never asking for it
she isn't your fucking property guys
the other one has a nice bod
I would have a problem if she dated effeminate guys
Wevwouldnt give it anyways
though her face is face looks like she is an MMA fighter
Pig face and piggy
https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/12239938_529382457214365_1568306088373812427_n.jpg?oh=156b9e16eba08b860121f525cec308cf&oe=5703F5DC
dear god
is this a literall troll
lol that bitch so big i had to connect my 50 inch TV to my laptop just to see the picture 
eww
Ewwwwwwwww
I read a book about islamic slavery by bernard lewis
TheXanMan++
it was like the antebellum south, but for 1,000 years
and slaves treated worse - most of them died
she accomodates for guys who like big boobs AND small
most vividly, an accomplished black father had mulatto daughters
he was racialist himself, and wouldn't marry them to black men
from what I remember slavery in islam was mostly servants and soldiers
bardolatta: right cause they had much easier imports
so they didn't have to focus on breeding them locally
not farming
Mashakos: yeah
but arabs wouldn't marry them, so he had to embrace their spinsterhood
...
wtf
self-hating black?
"i want my daughters to marry arab men"
lol
dat oil money
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41etxl/my_husband_m28_and_i_f26_have_been_working_on_our/
lol
https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtf1/v/t1.0-9/12193651_529382707214340_6711425954246876600_n.jpg?oh=52fde3ef569a10f52a080ebf86824437&oe=573D94AF this one is post OP
Mashakos: does it bother you knowing most masculine white guys would see your gf as defiled non relationship material if she breaks up with you? 
or do you not really care
i'd throw a bag on her head and fuck her 
nice body 
yeah mashakos you have to marry her
mashakos yeah I didn't mean the specific professions, just that it was rigidly institutionalized
although lewis did note that a lot were farmers
are you kidding thexanman
she's fine to me
Jack4ss nope, the last pic i mean, not the fat one.
bit of an odd face, but nice looking
odd body too
am i alone on that?
no Saint Kate, but she's nice
her shoulders are so wide
and her body is SO skinny
better to wrastle you with
i like skinny girls
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41fct5/i_34f_get_uncomfortable_when_my_cousin_33f/
dem shoulds
wtf
and her waist is larger, than the tops of her legs
da fuk
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41fct5/i_34f_get_uncomfortable_when_my_cousin_33f/
wtf
shes a fukin glitch
nah i'm looking at that pic and that's definitely a nice body 
7
that's like Game of Thrones style
shes skinny and deformed
^"standards"
why is skinny bad?
skinny bitches are hot yo
i know
wait so do they not eat actual food witzie ?
but shes deformed
if she came up to you and she said "you're hot, can I suck your dick?" are you telling me you're gonna be like "you're deformed, dummy. GTFO"?
and odd skinny
like an alien
witzie> Mashakos: does it bother you knowing most masculine white guys would see your gf as defiled non relationship material if she breaks up with you?  <-- we must know an entirely different class of white men
i cant tell if the breast milk is in addition to food or if they literally only breastfeed
lol exactly Architect 
idk Camille 
Jack4ss you know you'd bang 
the white men I know have travelled beyond their county/village borders
probbaly would
but thats not saying much
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41el5w/is_trp_directed_at_straight_white_males_from_the/cz1pc0j
lol true 
thats just so gross to be doing that when they arent babies
i suspect he thinks i'm white
lol
this has nothing to fdo with that
if a child has teeth and/or is potty trained i think theyre old enough to not be breastfed 
everyone on the internet is a white male until proven gonewild
Lol psycho anti vaxxer too
travelign and knowing black ppl
doesnt change it
no one oin philadlephia doesn tknow lack ppl
youre being deliberately obtuse
he's shaming
shaaaaaaaaameeeeeee on those hicks amirite
of course
like aBP girl
shame shame shame *tinkles bell*
I'm sure the white men we're talking about really care about africans trying to shame their feelings of disgust lol
nah, the people I socialise with are on my level. We all have similar educations and incomes.
race is just a preference to most men/women I know
Extremism is very trendy
and what is it in america?
you knwo with that whole slavery thing
lol
hell, I was at a wedding between a Swiss guy and a Sri Lankan girl last year
she was hot though
I forgive you all, btw
for that
why is it natural for men not to like sluts but as soon as anyone mentions men seeing women who fuck men outside the tribe as defiled everyone freaks out?
TRP in a nutshell
we dont not like sluts
hey, none of my people ever lived in the continental US, arch
we had no part of that
we like sluts
`https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41el5w/is_trp_directed_at_straight_white_males_from_the/cz2212b
this is hilarious
by "you all", I of course meant "everyone except for madscilove, because her people lived outside the continental US and had no part of that"
i think TRP is an unfair representation, as they strive for the best
7:20 PM <@witzie> why is it natural for men not to like sluts but as soon as anyone mentions men seeing women who fuck men outside the tribe as defiled everyone freaks out?
who is being defined as "outside the tribe"?
he thinks i'm some white dude trying to fuck asian chicks
"There's even threads on a regular basis on this subreddit where RP men will ask "why is it not ok to have an Asian mail-order wife?" I'll go into an autonomy argument if I have to, but I really hope that you grasp how fucked up it is for someone to buy a human from an foreign country and then not understand why it's both morally and socially reprehensible."
he seems to have forgotten that i was the one who posted that thread
little does he know you're some asian dude trying to fuck white chicks!
lol
lol SerNemesis 
madscilove++
lol
i wanna race win
yeah
getting a white girl = winning
she's not full of inferior asian genes
from what I've seen locally, the only thing white guys care about for LTR is being with someone who meets their personal criteria. 
witzie: stop ignoring me or im going to fill your uterus with chilli peppers
I understand people who breastfeed kids until they're 2 at the oldest (that's when the WHO officially says it's beneficial up until, iirc)... but 4 and 7?!
thats HOT
or maybe they're all Asian fetishists
loool
haven't thought of that
jeeez that would make me feel super weird
asian fetishism is kinda high here but it is the bay area
I think outside the tribe is pretty obvious Architect 
lol
I don't understand what "outside the tribe" is uspposed to mean in 2015
race?
job?
outside of your irc cult, duh
country?
IRC cult
start inbreeding, people
!
if you have teeth you should be eating real food
i'm on it!
irc inbreeding eh
who do I get?
i call dibs on dragoness
and DG69
you would
wait wait, this sounds like it needs some IRC police
hm. idk, I figure y'all can figure out the specifics in afterdark amongst yourselves
maybe you can duel for it
littlebee is the hottest here
fuck I better get SP on irc 
hell id have a peice of SP
architect: remember we were talking about if F got into red pill?
id let him walk over me like a doormat
if I can't have SP I call dibs on serN hes the most okay looking guy in chat
madscilove: Yup
so that night, I had a legit nightmare about it
D:
wtf
just stack up in a pile and then wait 9 months, it'll be a fun lottery
I'll deadbedroom him though out of loyalty to SP
sorry SerNemesis 
madscilove: probably because you were thinking about it
!
i'm not sure if littlebee is the hottest
dun dun DUN
but the woman who wrote about it cant really do anything, just leave the room if it bothers her so much i guess
i think blushing was until she got banned
I didn't realize the idea bothered me that much
lol
I'm offended that littlebee is hotter than me
hmm
what happened to the wall
I never have nightmares
no contest witz
i wonder what that means
not fair
last night I had a nightmare that we were fighting about wedding planning
ima sorry
didnt mean it
I used to have cool nightmares about serial killers and the apocalypse
do you all share photos of each other in here or something equally weird?
I feel so.. domestic
hahahahaha
meeeeb
meeb: no, who would do that
yes
that's creepy
meeb: we used to PM each other pics of ourselves
not porn!
normal pics
definitely not porn
'hi i'm idler X and here's my headshot, plz rate me in the channel attactiveness rankings!'
who would even wanna look at porn
not this guy
looool
all the girls love comparing to see where they sit on the smv scale
dat validation tho
16:28:30 <@witzie> if I can't have SP I call dibs on serN hes the most okay looking guy in chat
did you have to set me off?
.quote witzie50
jk, who lives validation? certainly not me. pfttt.
i really probably shouldn't as this but
smv ?
.tell meeb smv
wth
fuck you bot
how is that not a term
meeb: sexual market value
maybe you dont have any smv
.addterm SMV sexual market value
Nice I got picked up by TheXanMan 
RMV?
well at least that one's in there
Architect?
ohh yeah DG69 it's a great honour 
witzie littlebee is a gamer
she probably found some wallhacks
so basically smv is just a really aspie way of saying "how hot/fuckable someone is"
witzie: I've thought about what you asked earlier. Discounting white men who are blatantly xenophobic, I would find it a huge compliment if most white guys would feel I have "defiled" my gf. That practically makes me Chad! Awesome.
sugary gay man sounds like it would be a nightmare with insects
7:31 PM <meeb> smv ? 
awww
meeb is so innocent and unvioleted
ikr Mashakos 
dont ruin him guys
oh i'm plenty violated i just don't visit enough hip young'n forums to know the cool lingo
lol
oh, this is definitely not young'n lingo (thank god for that)
just weird red pill lingo
Sugary?
What is that lingo for
given how 'new' *pill stuff is
the day the term SMP becomes common in real life is the day I give up and become a hermit in the mountains
i'd consider it young'n
or people with way, way too much free time
smp?
blushing was probably the hottest ive seen
i dont see why smp would become commonplace
and chirp
i haven't seen chirp
how to end your unfortunate relationship with a disgusting obeast: http://imgur.com/zufDskx
I haven't seen blushing
but yeah blushing was hot
does anyone have her pic?
she was very pretty
show me pls
its a pity you've banned her
why shes still pretty
witzie just go make nice with her in afterdark
"help i've been jilted by my ex who was a bitch/dickhead help me come up with a pseudo-bullshit formula for branding all future partners into groups so i can permanently stunt my future chances of people happy by bein a closed-minded asshole!"
go look at her be pretty in ppdafterdark
http://www.okcupid.com/profile/iwishiwasholmes/
is that blushing filozof ?
Yeah she cute af
are we doing okcupid again 
That's blushing
argh why is she so cute
and why don't I live closer to her
to annoy you
lol
You don't really love close to anyone
shes weird tho
Except that shark you keep posting
why did she get banned ?
me n sharkie are buds
its probably the hotness
that makes her weird
Because she has a mouth
meeb: I think she was picking a fight with atlasb
some of us still talk to her in #PPDAfterDark
madscilove: you tryna tap that
she wanted to be banned
i obliged her
Yea madscilove , you sound oddly..like...raunchy about this
You're in a weird mood
DG69: :3
I am in a weird mood today
Do you have a reverse period?
i think a male mod wouldn't have banned her
lol architect
I am just very happy today
i have no idea of anyones gender, far easier to be a generic ass that way, equally banhammering to everyone
if you think i banned her becaus eof anythign having to do with her appearance youre retarded
i didnt say that
Reverse period ew
Keep in mind she does a lot of PMing behind the scenes
she was personally attacking me
reverse period would involve... absorbing blood?
against the rules
oh i didnt know that
well what do you think happened
i went "youre pretty!" ban!
bans do not require explanation
she picked a giant figh tover dumb cooze planejanes little show
and she lost
I honestly find it odd that AtlasB and witzie believe that masculine men have a very narrow racial/cultural threshold when it comes to women. We like to branch out, conquer territory. A masculine guy does not base his preferences on cultural norms, at all. He will go after what he likes.
atlasb is a mean dictator
jane who i will point out is not banned
yes mashakos
masculine MEN fuck other races
they dotn liek their women too
i know youre doing your deliberate "i dont understand anything anyone says thing"
but no ones talking abotu what MEN like to fuck
theyre talkign abotu what they liek their women to have fucked
especially one theyll LTR or marry
yeah lol
way to totally talk about the opposite
no ones ONCE mentioned MEN banging outside their race, have they?
SP isn't even particularly alpha and he wouldn't like it at all 
Nd hes nt really racist
would any white guy have something against a girl who fucked an asian?
ah in that case it is a factor for a good portion of men
uh, I briefly mentioned men banging outside their race. but it was kind of an off-topic aside
esp. if they are marrying within their culture. Still, it depends on the guy.
also depends on where you live. 
well that killed the conversation
bpers hate it but the slut thing does matter
that's my 5 minutes of bi-weekly pointless wibbling time up
more because it makes a guy wonder if the girl knows what she wants
filo the percentage of white girls fuckign asian men in us
is probably .1%
its nto jus tany race
its a blakc white thing
I disagree that the slut thing matters enough to be a deterrent to women
not enough men give a fuck that it matters
*so that it matters
for dating maybe
i think white guys are not threatened by asians because they know they have small dicks
for LTR it's different
Mashakos you live in dubai?
thats not wha tit is
yep
disagree that it's different for LTR
some men care about n-count, but I believe that enough men dgaf
no ones a bigger expert on us race relatiosn than foreigners
thats the biggest hing ve learne don the internet
madsci enough men dont youre right
it's not n-count that's relevant, it's the wildly variant differences in the type of men she was with that is an issue
and enough women dont car wbaout "high quality men
Mashakos why do you care about pill stuff, it's mainly a US thing
feminism doesn't exist in dubai
the kind of men who cared about N count would never have approached me in the 1st place
US/western europe
yeh i dont know why any foreigners do
it's creeping in
its the foreigner reddit presence in RP thats screwing it up
in dubai? lolol
not present in the man o sphere
i don't believe you
you also forget that most ppl in Dubai are from somewhere else
they bring their values with them
they can't change the laws, which is upstream to culture
arab men aren't stupid/empathetic enough to pass feminist laws
like WAL and M rafay
arentfrom feminist places
WTF does TRP have to do with them
the laws are irrelevant to dating dynamics unless you decide to have a threesome on a beach
ok name one change
creeping in
also were are you from/how did you learn english
millenials ar ementally ill
if you are dating western women you have to be mindful of whether they are looking for a dominant man or a "sensitive" guy
it was interesting to read a thread on askmen asking if men are less likely to date a girl who hooked up with back guys
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/1egm5x/white_men_of_raskmen_would_you_be_less_likely_to/
that has nothing to do with feminism
if you are dating asian/african women you have to be mindful of whether they are looking out for a shining caucasian prince and just passing the time with you
you're just too aggressive
asking on reddit is a skewed sample
are you saying african women are racist
but there was still a portion who said they were insecure
wouldn't call them racist
a lot of em have vanilla fever
what i'm wondering is if black guys have a similar reaction to girls who fucked white guys
no
lets be clear abotu something
its because theyre consideredd somewhat subhuman
nah, white men aren't threatening to a black man's masculinity 
lolol
yeh theyre just insecure
like guys who dont want to date "Strong indeipendent women"
right?
just "intimidated"
shame shame
AtlasB++
i dont see the point in caring that a girl fucked a "subhuman"
I don't want to date strong independent women, lol
its nto that banging black guys is th esingle mos tlow rent thing
a white girl can do
because you're so *insecure* Mashakos  
lol
that just means they are entitled 
nooo
youre insecureeee
you cant handle a strong womnee
soooooo insecure
omg mashakos youre just insecure
thats EXACTLY what youre doing
I was answering filozof's question, what does that have to do with insecurity?
what kind of white women do you think fuck black men Mashakos  
in the US
yeh
filozof: would you marry a woman who fucked black men?
what kind?
how would he know they dont have schvugs in poland
this q: filozof> what i'm wondering is if black guys have a similar reaction to girls who fucked white guys
i most likely wouldnt worry about race
black men don't see white men as subhuman
i'd worry about the character though
id look back at it and think less of them, but id still marry them
if she had history of dating some thugs then i'd be very wary of marrying that
it is literally a visceral respons elike hearing she fucks dogs or horses
i know no one wants to admit that
but thats what it is
lol mashakos are you nerdy
or like hearing shes a slut
http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/New-York-City-Asian-Attacks-Women-Manhattan-Blog-Posts-NYC-308449551.html
EXPECIALLY among whit emen who are familiar with black men
it also causes a pretty visceral response
AtlasB> you cant handle a strong womnee <-- I can handle an entitled spoiled child, doesn't mean I want to put up with that shit
insecure!
your einsecure
lol
its just insecurity mashakos
im with mashakos on this one
theres NO OTHER RATIONAL REPSONSE
but insecurity
oh actually no im not
i scrolled up
strong doesn't mean entitled though surely? or am i missing the subtle sarcasm
strong is good
AtlasB> its just insecurity mashakos <-- that's what these "strong independent women" say while getting their weaves on to console themselves
so the negative responses to women fucking black men are "rational"?
if you understand what kind of white US women fuck black men it is 
yes
you think UMC white women do it?
and middle clas?
AtlasB is referring to loud, ignorant, drama stirring black women when she says "strong independent woman"
they are all fat blondes named stacy
from port richmoind
with mulatto babie sin  a carriage
lol
pink spaghetti strap t shirt
ooook
AtlasB> they are all fat blondes named stacy <-- you lost me at fat
mashakos its astonishing that you completely misse dwhat i was saying
I don't know what you're talking about
Mashakos what changes have you seen cree up
creep* I'm genuinely interested
i like how youre going full racist today heh
im talkign abotu what ive always been talkign about
THE UNITED STATES
not black girls reading this
that white/asian girls are more "sensitive" than black woman isn't a sign of cultural change
it's testosterone levels, among other things
asian girls even more sensitive than white girls, even in the same culture
sounds like a pretty sweeping statement
ok, in Dubai you have a bunch of white/asian/african women from all over the place working corporate jobs
do you have evidence for that, bardolatta?
for what?
asian girls more sensitive?
asian women being more sensitive/having lower T
their preferences and goals from a relationship wildly vary 
the local culture has no bearing on the expatriate population
you have to deal with different cultural norms and relationship styles
maybe dubai expatriation selects for wackos, but I'm from an area of the US with a large asian population
all the really beta white guys date them
there has been a growing number of expats from europe, canada, the US and south africa
hence, feminism crap
what it means is, you have to be more selective
you can't assume that you are going to be viewed favourably because you have masculine traits when dating a woman from that background
loll their taste for masculinity hasn't changed
if anything feminist women are more masculine and demand more masculine men
oh, when I say feminism it's short hand for internet feminism 
WingN: it's a whole generation raised on participation trophies
its more than that
its a demented need to reinvent the wheel
the terms "pansexual" and "gender-fluid" have been starting to creep in over the last five years
obsession with EVERYTHING
food
AtlasB: there are plenty of hipsters who like black men
not just blonde trailer trash
yes
thats the other type
they ar eth eones who get away with it
if they stay in hipster circles
Lonny_Z should come here and snap up one of them
but are shocked SHOCKED
to discover non hipster men look askance at them
right
ive been telling him that
swpl yuppies won't liek that
he needs to be a black hipster
th e4 black punk rock guys in phill ycleane dup
lol
Lonny_Z is an artist dude
who looks cool
Childish gambino
he'll pull of the black hipster easily
Black hipster
*off
childish gambino 
artist men are catnip for a certain type of women
AtlasB: are you telling me that if a white girl was dating a black guy of the same social class and they break up, she's seen as damaged goods by most white men?
(in the US)
yes
well theres almost no interracial dating in middle class
Lonny_Z is a graphic artist
middle class blakc men are rare as hens teeth
lonny is hipster clas
in a bad place
wouldn't that rareness negate her status as dirtly whore..?
ikr AtlasB 
nope
damn
lol madscilove 
*Mashakos 
you knwo you wouldnt be considered black in the US
now you want to go around defiling white women?
right?
mashakos
Lol
my cousins don't consider me black
I get it
wait i'm confused
do white guys mind arab less AtlasB 
I assume they do
what is Mashakos 
black male white female pairings occur among the lowest caste
and the hipster caste
thats it
for the most part
SerNemesis: I am black but I don't look it
Of course I walk into this part of the convo
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/1egm5x/white_men_of_raskmen_would_you_be_less_likely_to/ca00wt9
and the Bill Cosby class
highly upvoted
think light skinned creole
lol Sunhappy 
askmen is a pretty cool subreddit
th ebill cosby class marries black
I used to hook up with a black hipster
look at all famous black men besoides some athletes
yes but rapes white
oh no you're damaged DG69 
lol, most famous black actors marry white chicks
i'm sorry, i dont want you
Not true Mashakos 
Most marry black women
except for Denzel cause he's legit
dg is a hipstress and she doesnt have to worry what non hipsters think
goddamn it DG
Sunhappy: oh?
yes mashakos
sunhappy is right
filozof I thought you never wanted me anyway
They'll date whomever but they marry their own primarily
what about this? https://bossip.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/taye8.jpg?w=700
i said i wanted you
in a specific way
who are they
lol
ah, dating is different
That's one actor
That's taye diggs
And izina something
17:21:43 <Mashakos> what about this? https://bossip.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/taye8.jpg?w=700
is that a trannie?
Lol no
You did filozof 
Very specific
right
SerNemesis: your standards for femininity are weird
its better not to remember it here
To AtlasB point about interracial dating
She's from frozen SerNemesis duh
Black men do it as an ego thing
They may complain about black women being difficult, but they still would prefer black women
And most marry black women
most  famous black actors marry white women mashakos
unless your david bowie
i checked google lol
him and iman are so cute
If they marry white women, we're talking like trailer trash  
Jack4ss: that's just not true
Like 70-80% of nba players marry black women
AtlasB and witzie isn't that a trannie?
it probably is true in UK
eugh
looks like it SerNemesis 
it looks liek a trannie
i meant black women
sorry
And they can get any women they want
brain fart
i hav eno idea who those pplare
neither do i
Taye diggs is known
In black circles
https://www.facebook.com/whatweseee/photos/a.280655861971475.57241.280494985320896/986084218095299/?type=3&__mref=message_bubble
look how cute
As only wanting to date white women
aww
And working with non black actresses
Iman is fucking beautiful
david bowie was so beta!
Those ratios lol
Bowie fell in love instantly. 
He was later quoted in an interview saying I was naming the children the night we met  it was absolutely immediate. But not so for Iman. I did not want to get involved with a rock star. No way. It is not a sane thing to do, but David changed my mind. He wooed me.
look at this 
here
BAYYYYYY
TAAAAAAA
Awww
well it kinda makes sense to steer clear of the status-diggers and go for hte chick who doesn't like the fact hthat you're a rock star
iman is a beautiful woman SerNemesis 
Did they have children ?
or you think she's ugly because she is not hitting dat Fair & Lovely?
https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtf1/v/t1.0-9/12523152_985935544776833_9197432101010670294_n.jpg?oh=23977c7d1df696786cb8ffb2a3555f6b&oe=5736A78B
and David Bowie being beta, well that's obvious 
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/vrnHlPuu/Screenshot_2016-01-17-20-28-05.png
yeah they had a kid DG69 
i was talking about the trannie, not iman
though now that i look at it, iman doesn't look all that beautiful, which isn't surprising given she is a high fashion model
Aww
I think she's stunning
they tend to lack femininity
the trannie, hmm. That other chick isn't my type but if you think she's a trannie you need to recalibrate your trannie radar
its not surprising
VS and SI models tend to be more reasonable
almost no fashion madels ar ebeautiful
and Maxim especially
AtlasB++
http://www.femininebeauty.info/fashion-model-basics
http://www.femininebeauty.info/sexy-fashion-models
It all boils down to being told they were special when they're just average.
http://www.femininebeauty.info/skinny-fashion-models
ROFL at the answer
lol
Ohhhhh Sunhappy someone is feeling a great victim hood mentality
its true
And ewww at a mom breast feeding her 4 year old
http://www.femininebeauty.info/images/gisele.bundchen.2.s.jpg
wow thats a man
shes horrible
Tom Brady's man
The older one was 7!!!! *cringe*
That makes me ill
http://www.femininebeauty.info/images/karolina.kurkova.2.jpg
oh god
That thigh gap... So sexy omg
lol thigh gap
that second pic is a girl with no ass muscles
flabby
I feel like this is an issue with just white models
Black models in my view look more feminine
Either in ratios or in build
girls need to realise they need to lose weight, and gain muscle
otherise they will still look like shit
I assume black women have to be closer to the universal beauty standard to be in the same category as whites
no one likes banging a bag of bones with bits of flab attached
hahahaha
http://www.femininebeauty.info/images/daria.werbowy.3.jpg
do guys like this?
besides Mashakos 
too skinny
no thats for women and gay men
On the left
if shes gna be tall
Legit looks like a man
lok at the maxim 100 
she needs to have some size so shes not a stick
vs fashion models
the disconeect is amazing
And then maxim vs porn
Or old porn magazines
hey now witzie 
Cuz porn today looks like vs models
where did I say that I like skinny ?
you showed thos epics of thos emanthings
yeah
horrifying
needed eyebleach
Lol witzie
"man things" http://api.ning.com/files/KtF-s5LKrmHmXUWyKiY4QMMh60cNXJ85CVGySPJVq88NaWPGWKqUwQej02xNTcGqa5JzfFhq6gxFvNh8SRKLkBYQq-TrTGty/LoriHarderFitnessModel3.jpg
aren't the fashion models pretty much all anorexic?
hey everyone
you know what she's talking about
those african trannies
a famous fashion model from poland is ania rubik
oh
she's technically good looking, but very thin
in general fashion models are not known as hotties
actresses are
kittenkajira: do you use a pad for hip thrusts? My coach prescribed them and I've never done them before
they arent just thin
they have the physiques of teen boys
actresses arent lol
http://e1.pudelek.pl/p2673/9cdf201d001a55c04d09feb6 jesus
they just get portrayed in good light
actresses arent know as hotties?
singers too often
and u are gullible
i think everyone faps over actresses
sure
the actresse sin the maxim top 100
are all really feminine looking
http://www.maxim.com/women/2015-hot-100-actresses-post#&gid=ci01e02024802a99de&pid=abbey-lee-kershaw
that ... is not a good look
malnourished   
emilia clarke 
huge hands in that photo
how is she so beautiful
hello yall
mashakos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ob-qmfvnQVo is this you
http://www.ashavecollection.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Abbey-Lee-Kershaw-161.jpg
thats a bad photo
shes gorgeous
I'd sent an email to a friend earlier with a selection of hot fashion models, deleted it
don't want to do it again, I'll nominate some models I find hot
I don't like that 30s era scrawny look
look at that face  http://www.designscene.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/Abbey-Lee-Kershaw-for-Able-Jeans-FW-2010-DesignSceneNet-02.jpg
sigrid agren, edita vilkeviciute, andreaa diaconu
she looks pretty to me
I don't think the scrawny look was in until the 60s
maybe atlas can correct me
but I don't think they wanted scrawny in the 30's
yes
https://www.instagram.com/p/yGJ0oSGjTA/
very thin
charlize theron
17:40:26 <Mashakos> "man things" http://api.ning.com/files/KtF-s5LKrmHmXUWyKiY4QMMh60cNXJ85CVGySPJVq88NaWPGWKqUwQej02xNTcGqa5JzfFhq6gxFvNh8SRKLkBYQq-TrTGty/LoriHarderFitnessModel3.jpg
she has a face that needs make up to look good, otherwise she looks like a child 
small breasts
wow you actually linked a cute girl
women wor ebandeauz
bandeaux
being very slim and straight was in
in th eflapper era
Ah, hmm
woman became bombastic again in the 40s-50s
wouldn't have thought
so many girls have holes from naval piercings
i've looked at old women
it's like a modern right of passage
the ones who have aged well weren't gym rats
for women
they were yoga chicks
those are the milfs
https://www.instagram.com/p/vBaxhaIIWa/?taken-by=josephinevandelden
"old" being post-wall not gramma
Thoughts on this post https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41fjwh/my_idea_on_how_to_increase_your_sexual_attraction/
http://imgur.com/a/osXBs
edita
she has a man face ar eyou ppl blind
these are pap beach pics, with worse lighting possible
to preempt "it's just lighting"
milfs are still easy to sexualize
diaconu http://i.imgur.com/E5k8qru.jpg
she does AtlasB but that's not what we're looking at
your elooking at her man abs
and slim hips
yeah filozof
http://i.imgur.com/0kDIIdS.jpg
lol
lol all millenials are gay
hahaha
http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1805205/images/o-ALESSANDRA-AMBROSIO-facebook.jpg still sexy
im never going to stop laughing
I think they're cute ideas. Wouldn't work for me, but cultivating femininity and fun are sorely lacking in more LTR's
now thats a face
some manjawage
but overall beautiful and feminine
i don't it's generational
its absolutely fgenerationa;l
Anouk Aime pretty manjaw-ish
alessandra ambrosio is a popular model
heavily muscled manjaws were hideous in 1985
http://s216.photobucket.com/user/bastardlybutta/media/bastardly-photos/album156/bojana-novakovic01271001.jpg.html
dis girl
eugenie?
amrita?
Paulina Porizkova was popular during the 80s
usdaprime?
manjaw
Just feels forced to me
wtf
https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=bojana+novakovic&espv=2&biw=1280&bih=637&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgFuLWz9U3MDQssTRPM1biAnGMyuLNCiu1hLKTrfTTMnNywYRVcmJxySNGf26Blz_uCUu5TVpz8hqjAxcWRUJaXGyueSWZJZVCClz8UsjmazBI8XIhC_AAAKH1CYCBAAAA&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjl3OKDoLLKAhUJthQKHZvTALIQ_AUIBigB#tbm=isch&q=bojana+novakovic+
soz
paulina had perfectly feminine features otherwise
.term usdaprime
its not the manjaw per se
.help
its the whole package
my former crush http://www.hairstylestime.com/images/alyson-hannigan-hairstyles/Alyson-Hannigan.jpg
Lol, all your women pale in comparison to her lordship saint kate
.terminfo usdaprime
witzie--
Lol 
god filoz
anyone else watching deb8
i think edita's face is a little manish for my taste
but with makeup, it's pretty good
and her body is sublime
the first two I do naturally but the third sounds funny
usdaprime?
Marie-Christine Barrault
charlotte rampling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ti2Nokoq1J4 <----- deb8
.modterm SP witzie's lesbian gf
usdaprime2?
help
charlotte rampling was beautiful
youre pickign all man jaws with other wise female ratios
too round a face, while feminine, is not a great look for women http://yourhair.name/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Hairstyle-tips-long-hairstyles-for-round-face5.jpg
its not jus tmanjaw
its man jaw and eye size and width apart
and delicay of nose
heres what happens to a manja
w
in youth
http://i425.photobucket.com/albums/pp331/wildfox/AA%20WILDFOX%202/AA%20WILDFOX%204/AAwildfox7/charlotte%20rampling/936full-charlotte-rampling.jpg
neoteny makes her spectalar
but when the neoteny burns away
the manjaw takes ceter stage
now with youth burned away
.modterm usdaprime https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/JFnRAj1P/USDA%20Prime
http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--_8NljQc6--/stoogqplkfd7jmh08t4f.jpg
still a handsome woman
anyoned be happy to look at
but the feminine prettiness is gone
LandBeforeThyme: I'm still doing bodyweight.  Camille might use weight
I don't know about that AtlasB 
how old is she there?
she looks pretty good
she DOES look good
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/f6/dc/22/f6dc22d490f38e8fd921d62332abd97f.jpg
i remember thinking jessica alba was the hottest woman ever
http://media3.onsugar.com/files/2014/04/13/084/n/1922153/bb08a7fec67dc989_484665045.xxxlarge_2x.jpg
im just saying the masculine bone structure takes center stage over time
Angie Harmon is in her 40s
still looks good, manjaw and all
http://cache1.asset-cache.net/gc/477406662-actress-angie-harmon-arrives-at-women-in-gettyimages.jpg?v=1&c=IWSAsset&k=2&d=GkZZ8bf5zL1ZiijUmxa7QcsE4xN1jDFqgDlLXjVyBImzwNylqgHjpXqfuJ8HXr9Epmy0l7iP%2B4zEi3I7u35PSw%3D%3D
please
stop
i dont use a pad LandBeforeThyme but im sure they are helpful
this is what sahe looks like now
with tons of surgery and makeup
I meanI admit that the fashion industry has some strange picks
a man
e.g. Hanne Gaby
that's just a bad photo
klaus kinski doppelganger extraordinare
no its what she looks like now
its her bone structure
not the photo
thats a mans face
the youth is gone
and your eleft with a man in drag
youth hides all sins
"This one is just silly, but still fun. Take turns getting on your hands and knees and riding each other like ponies around the house (only recommended for people with carpeting). When it's his turn to ride you, be a wild pony that he has to tame."
monica belucci looks old now
http://assets.instyle.co.uk/instyle/live/styles/article_landscape_600_wide/s3/15/02/Monica%20Bellucci.jpg?itok=AsrI23C-
would anyone actually do this?
i don't think neoteny is the measure of female beauty
or else asian women would be considered the most beautiful
neoteny + ratios
no
i didnt say that
i said neoteny covers up for bad ratios
which is a fact
how old are all these women? 
who has a good ratio?
because they all look infinitely more like sexual beings, attractive, than my mom probably looked at their age.  So you might think they're "ugly" but they're so much better than average 
and my mom is just a nice normal white mom, not fat
i mean, I like a sharper jaw than most men I guess
they ar ebette rthan average
no doubt
I don't really like claudia cardinale
im using them as example sof manjaw
face is too round
boy angie harmon always loke dlike a dude
gross
like who's your top 5
i cant even find a pretty pic of her
does bernie have an underbite?
bardolatta> who has a good ratio? <-- Alicia Keys
or Olivia Munn http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.2280551!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/gallery_1200/olivia-munn-gq-men-year-awards.jpg
both way too round for me
I hate olivia munn
really? i think shes so pretty
martin omalley seems like the best politician
i mean this isn't going to be a productive discussion
best speaker
male tastes differ
of the three
olivia munn had the bi-racial dial at exactly the right ratio
and maybe in general, he looks and sounds solid 
just bland
sorry bro I think she's hideous
my favorite model is kurkova
her face is 8.7, but her body is 11
her thighs are surreal
you're jerking off to fashion models?
How can someone think Olivia munn is hideous
meh
dude I know black men prefer rounder women
nothing's better than a good minecraft steak
olivia munn was very pretty 10 yrs ago
a real steak is better
i live in minecraft now
everything is just a set of blocks
i wonder how can i craft coke
i think the only person everyone can agree is hot is audrey hepburn
only people who are into horseplay
pretty, not hot
she has a universal appeal, more than anyone else I can think of anyway
there is a difference
that is just so bizarre
i was playing minecraft so much when i looked at walls in day to day life when the lighting was poor, i could see blocks
doesn't jessica alba have a universal appeal?
most women were very pretty 10 years ago atlasb
hot is going to be down to each guy's preference
i cant imagine seeing her as not appealing
i can quite easily filozof
small tits, not ass
weird face
*no ass
well she does have small tits
http://s2.postimg.org/77x4fpsc9/image.jpg
lol it is coochquarantine 
http://www.newstatesman.com/sites/default/files/images/159599839.jpg
finally a got chick bardolatta
we should love young women as much as we can
hot*
before they get old
i love you all, young women
Hub is 230, I can deadlift him but I doubt he can ride me
helen mirren http://www.lelalondon.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/young-helen-mirren-2.jpg
100 years ago
she wa sbeautiful in excalibur
this is why I focus more on the body than the face. 
face gives out by the mid 30s
she showed her tits in Excalibur
and in caligula
that was the worst movie ever
seroiusly
you know, wide noses can be very pretty
depends on the proportions
caligula was awesome
jerked it so many times to that movie
http://www.largeup.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/joss-stone.jpg
wide nose and man jaws http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-wP4QcXsdbkY/UhRWSdYqAmI/AAAAAAAABc8/J3mPzNKjg9Y/s640/sandra-bullock-plastic-surgery-nose-job.jpg
i'd still hit it
http://akinokure.blogspot.com/2013/10/hidden-homos-is-sandra-bullock-male-to.html
lol bardo
ive linked that here
couldn't resist
dafuq?
enjoy
sandra bullock is hot
his identificatin of the real gay face is excellent
ot?
shes never been :"hot":
shes been girl next door
like I said, body vs. face
I actually like bullock more now than when she was yougwe
Youger
I used to crush on Geena Davis, even though she has a massive manjaw http://www.images99.com/i99/03/105155/105155.jpg
man we have 100% non-overlap
http://img2.timeinc.net/people/i/2007/database/sandrabullock/sandrabullock4_300.jpg
well yeah, you like fashion models with skinny teenage boy bodies
that does lok man
is there something wrong with gay people?
no comment
some people would say being gay is what's wrong with gay people
lol
thats deserving of #101
.quote add 9:30 PM <Architect> some people would say being gay is what's wrong with gay people
oh oops
102
aww, who got 100?
.quote witzie100
hahahaaha
that's not bad
filo was funny
speaking of beauty
i wish there was more data on its heredity
was thinking earlier today how the horrible klaus kinski
sired natashja kinski
.quote witzie98
hahahaha
who is sp
SP <3
HOLY SHIT
ok AtlasB 
I take it all back
you ar eright
about manjaws disfiguring with old age
Daryl Hanna.... http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_small/13/132162/3006404-936full-daryl-hannah.jpg
wtf happened.......
lol, one example and you fold?
she was so hot in Blade Runner :'(
what is that thung
i havent been sleeping for 36 hours
somebody hug me
omg witzie why :(
all women age
da fuk is wrong with u guys, leave him alone
what have i done to you
by becoming their basic bone structure and ratios
shorn of youth
thats why some women age better than others
look at uma thurman
women age because their faces become wrinkly
thats what makes them ugly
no
they lose cheek fat
yep
thats why all the actresses get juvaderm
or whatever fancy expensive filler they get
you lose cheek volume with age
which causes jowling
Dat subcutaneous fat layer is what makes phebes soft
i dont have one wrinkle
cheek fat is a factor, but skin quality also dramatically decreases
Daryl Hannah was a BABE back in the 80s
but my skin is old
and ive lost cheek volume
Delicious phebe flesh
For my torture chamber
.context
jesus i hate that post
yeah filozof, wrinkles aren't the only thing that makes a woman look worse with age
.context
no. 1 cause: weight
that was not a helpful context PPDBot .
before massive weight gain: http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-Xw8nBYhu6F0/Uq4bgBRZDkI/AAAAAAAABqc/9ZfBLU9NAOk/s1600/Cheers-kirstie.jpg
after massive weight gain http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1258919/images/o-KIRSTIE-ALLEY-PAPARAZZI-facebook.jpg
poor kirsty.
kirstie*
you can also see the depleted fatty tissue around the nose and cheeks 
she looks kind of like an eagle
fat people age better in the face
until they become unfat
filozof: why are you not sleeping
in which case they would look better if they hadn't been fat at all
because i have to make my mob trap in minecraft
those pictures are poor comparisons, given the many decades in between taking them
Kirstie was heartbreaking to watch. She is/was so gorgeous when healthy sized
which post?
we are talking about aging
and what hits you the worst
weight gain is pretty much in the top 5
ah yes, but weight gain was mentioned so it's hard to differentiate what is caused by that fluctuation 
ahh
I see people with almost no wrinkles at 80. Genetic lottery 
my grandmother has very few wrinkles but has jowls due to excess weight
at 80?
(at 78 or thereabouts)
Mashakos tell me about dubai
are you friends with the locals
how cynical are they
I have no local friends
:(
some people just don't friggin age
witzie!! epic fight with wombat
 lolol
ZingMaster: a lot of it is prioritising aging well over enjoying yourself. Coffe, bacon, drinking, steak, smoking. Takes a toll later in life.
sometimes
the crazy vegans will outlive us all :/
haha
except the ones with bad genetics and vitamin b12 deficiencies :|
same WingN 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41fjwh/my_idea_on_how_to_increase_your_sexual_attraction/
ZingMaster
thank you, Camille 
true, the ones trying to get pregnant are going to e in for a surprise with a diet lacking in protein  
oh my
ride each other like ponies
"oh no can you listen to my heartbeat"
:P
their diets can be very high in protein, actually
lentils are a pretty decent source
haha
I do like the playfulness aspect of it.
playfulness is nice, but it really is subjective 
we're pretty playful, but I don't think many of those would be received well 
I think it really depends on the couple.
PPDBot is BPPPDBot
Like the scaring your SO one. That would have gotten me punched in my last relationship.
definitely 
lmao at that sandra bullock article
he might be on to something https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaFju7MJrDk
As a contrast, other guys would totally turn it into a sort of prank war.
yeh really
Blue-pill-purple-pill debate bot?
lol AtlasB 
right aZombieKitten and thats not really sexy or setting any mood
BiPolar purple pill debate bot
Ah, xD
borderline personality disorder ppdbot?\
that, too
I get what they're trying to accomplish by making things more fun, though, but these are REALLY subjective.
The pony one is just weird, though.
if you get the right mix of flirty/sexy/playful it could work
but mostly it seems childish
yeah... I can't imagine him riding her being very sexy 
in that context
sometimes I'll sit on my husband when he's lying down and be like "gotcha" and then it turns into wrestling
but generally there's already a bit of touching going on by then
https://twitter.com/ahmadfadhilla20/status/688587938192465922 lmao 
SerNemesis: 
yeah, that's pretty normal playful 
not just out of the blue, yknow
I definitely wouldn't plan this stuff out.
haha nope
make it ascavanger hunt! first he has to find the saddle
ugh what is it with women and scavenger hunts?
i reckon a lot fewer men like them than women do them
None of these would make me more sexually attracted to my man, though.
my question is what the japanese flag is doing on homer
are scavenger hunts really that popular?
Scavenger hunts seem like a kiddie thing.
yeah we made one once in 9th grade when we all decided to skip school and just hang around the city 
I like them, but pretty sure they are childish, yeah
hi everyone! 
No, I think they just started getting talked about because of that one post
hey Amelia_ 
Hi, Amelia_ :)
We did them as a sort of competition at a conference, but this was still college students.
it was fun but i cant imagine doing it w/ your SO in your house
that just sounds like youre a babysitter
esp with the pony rides lol
Yeah, the pony thing is typically a parent-child game.
sometimes i make my husband give me aeroplane rides
but i think that's more because i really like minnie driver in grosse pointe blank
womens ideas for what to do with menare uniformly horrible
Hahaham, true
I think shes trying to describe flirting throughout the day 
which sounds gross written down 
*ha
yes
but I understand what she's saying
yeah
tease him, be flirty, etc
its exactlywhat MRP suffers from lolol
i dont think all types of flirting would come across as gross and weird when written down though
no, definitely not
riding each other like ponies lolol
oh, what's no more mister nice guy like as a book? It's rec'd by MRP which is a red flag to me
her suggestions would actually be bizarre or not sexy for a lot of couples 
yes
but my husband is looking for something to read because he's finding himself people-pleaseing more than he'd like
"I want my boyfriend to piss on me. Advice?" Well...have you tried...asking?
*pleasing
its a bookt hat a lot of people read it snot just an mrp thing 
okay, cool
I tease SP by holding something he wants and making him kiss me for it, play wrestle, act goofy etc 
say "boo" in a joking way etc
which is some of the stuff she's describing
Yeah, that's why I think it's one of those things that depend on the couple.
Some of them totally work well (like the potential prank war coming from the scare) and others not so well (like the pony rides--who does that besides the ponyplay fetishists?).
we don't ride eachother like horses though lol
he does carry me around for fun tho
yeah, being carried around/picked up is more cavemanny than fatherly
(unlike the horse game :P)
lol
she should meetup with that girl who couldn't get her boyfriend to stop peeing on her
w
at
ut
watut
the lesser known Egyptian pharaoh 
ZingMaster: hahah
yeah, there was a post in relationship advice or something where he wouldn't constantly hop in the shower with her and pee on her 
D:
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41etxl/my_husband_m28_and_i_f26_have_been_working_on_our/ this sounds like what happens when people realise the "awesome relationship advice" they've been following is RP
hmmm
.context
that's gotta be like...a psyche thing
like maybe he thinks it establishes dominance
"this thing that works well is actually based on another thing and so now i'm being oppressed"
i think it was the husband in that post who had second thoughts about it 
yes, it was
no way
why would someone do that
take off your clothes and get in the shower
all to pee on someone
half dawg
id be to lazy to be dominant that way
i only have so much pee after all
I love when people do that.
Good advice immediately becomes bad if they don't like the source.
"The thing is, he really flourished and enjoyed that role and it was a ton of pressure off me as well. He mentioned he liked feeling respected and relied upon, and his overall demeanor was more confident. I actually felt less naggy, more pleasant, etc. too" 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41fvu4/update_my_25f_boyfriends_27m_best_friend_27m/
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41fvu4/update_my_25f_boyfriends_27m_best_friend_27m/
what an ass
Oh, yay, someone added that the biblical program is probably sexist anyway.
ugh
Omg, witzie
That's insane.
this is the second time ive seen katsumii_ alive in one day
truly it is a sign
is that weird?
men do that all the time
ntothe helpign maybe
buit coverign for thei rfirend
:-o
s
The internet here acts up, too. QuakeNet doesn't take well to it.
where is he?
*here
I was going to that thread where mooslem rape was brought up and everything got deleted
Greensboro, NC
It's disgusting to me.
i was actually born in Greenville, SC
that a man would cover for his friends cheating?
Is the stat that 77% of rapes in sweden were perpetrated by mooslems correct?
Personally, yes. 
it's sad but his loyalty is to his friend, not the girl 
Mysterious
it depends
is the girl just some gf
or is the girl my friend
Covering once, sure, whatever.
I'm watching the Democratic debate right now, hehe
Covering MULTIPLE times including instances that could mean STDs, that's terrible to me.
even if the girl is just some gf, i think the correct response is to not be involved at all
if he's covering cheating against my sister, absolutely not acceptable
my best friend, pretty much absolutely not acceptable
i wouldn't cover for a cheating friend
"Sami lied to me, lied to our mutual friend Lauren"
good friend, really not ok 
friend, I'd be pretty upset
It was a MUTUAL friend.
some gf I dont care about, meh
Which I think is worse.
any good?
IDK, not my style
Sure, if it were some rando, I'd care less.
Just trying to be in the know
she had become friends with the girl, id be upset too 
But I'd start to question my own SO's ethics and behavior if they're covering for someone cheating.
it's more that if my so covered for their friend cheating, even some random, i'd think "wait so he's cool with cheating"?
yeah, exactly
yeah aZombieKitten that's teh real problem
Is there a left vs right debate sub?
so what do you know?
I don't really care about the covering but I think it makes it raises the likelihood that he's doing it himself
Witzie, do you know anything about these stats: https://themuslimissue.wordpress.com/2012/08/20/the-living-hell-for-swedish-women-5-muslims-commit-nearly-77-6-of-all-rape-crimes/
yeah
he's clearly got a friend who he can get to cover for him
do men care if their wives cover for their besties cheating on their husbands?
(like in this post)
it's suspicious 
idk witzie , but i assume so
the company you keep blah blah
...Not much, I mostly agree with the Republicans
"Anonymous source" seems dubious
Bro code is above all else for guys.
So they'd probably be pissed if you covered for their buddy being cheated on.
yeah
Guys will tell each other if their GFs are cheating on them and they get caught, but they'll cover each other's cheating. That just seems insane to me.
Why am I becoming right wing?
What is this poison inside me?
xD
i don't think all guys will.
I was just generalizing.
right, sorry
NAMALT!!1!!
10:27 PM <@aZombieKitten> Guys will tell each other if their GFs are cheating on them and they get caught, but they'll cover each other's cheating. That just seems insane to me.
somebody wrote a post putting muslims in a negative light and said all of its info is from an anonymous source
it's not crazy to me because it makes sense, the dudes are their friends 
it must be legit
I mean it makes sense, but it's not *okay.*
right wing websites would never spread lies
I'm just saying it sets off red flags and would make me suspicious of the guy
Must bne!
*be
democratic debate is on?
it's actually "okay" with me if that's literally all it is, him covering friends cheating 
SerNemesis: are you watching?
It's a logical thing to do if you're a loyal type, but I value honesty over loyalty, so that may be where I differ.
Yeah, streaming live on the Youtube
but more often than not it goes both ways
which is the part I'm not ok with
can you link me?
ive never heard of a man busting up his friends relationship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ti2Nokoq1J4
over him cheating on his gf
The thing is, there are no other stats
Because stats are racist
thanks
katsumii_++
I don't think I could cover for my bestie if she cheated on an SO. I would have to just remove myself entirely.
what kind of man would do that?
np
I am trying to find stats
I suppose that's just a part of male nature that's gross to me, personally.
I wouldn't expect him to tell the gf or anything  
yes i remember swedish police saying that they wont release info about the race of the perpetrators
I would just be suspicious 
because they arent racist
the whole situation is a red flag
still, "anonymous source" sounds dubious
having friends who do that, actively participating in covering it up, etc
i'm not sure why i should trust those right wing blogs with an agenda
You shouldn't any more than you should trust heavy left-wing blogs
yeah, the active participation is the issue
staying out of it is understandable
but covering up? 
I mean, if they just knew and weren't doing anything, I could care less.
Actively covering, yeah, I would have a problem with.
could you?
it's weird I really don't actually care about him covering it up and stuff
I just don't trust he wouldn't do that himself 
yeah, that's it kind of
so that makes it kind of a dealbreaker
right thats a separate thing
agree witzie 
It would just throw up too many red flags for me to be okay with it.
i would assume hed help a friend cover it up
it would never occurt to me a man wouldnt
or a female friend for a woman
I've been in this situation, and I've stayed out of it
I wouldn't actively cover for a cheating friend. 
actually, that's a lie, i ultimatumed her and she told him
I would remove myself, but I couldn't actively cover.
but do you agree its a red flag, for a man, if his wife is actively helping her girlfriends cheat on their husbands?
(but that was because he was my friend too)
don't you think that's suspicious
oh yeh proably
that's my reaction
but its also so obvious
i mena the kind of girl wiht "girlfriends"
is a woman like my mom
lol
im not sur eit means anythign abotu the person
id help you hide bodies witz
I am not saying i trust it
id certainly help you cover up probably anythign you didnt do to me
yeah same 
you guys are committed
but that's a bit different than a gaggle of "girlfriends", the GNO type, etc., who cover for eachother cheating on their husbands, and the analogous gaggle of "bros" who all cover for eachother cheating 
i'm happy we agree katsumii_ 
=)
ooh, like that movie the apartment
if I find out my boyfriend is in that type of crowd, involved in all that, I'm supposed to believe he's only covering for them and not vice versa? 
i think thats what most ppplhave
right
I'd mind him hiding bodies less
the jacklemmon movie cake?
i found that we've always agreed :P
hahaha
with shirley maclaine
how old are you katsumii_ ?
WingN, no, i'm terrible and meant the remake
hiding bodies isn't a dealbreaker 
lol
or whatever it was called
omg they remade that?
cheating is 
noo
I'd totally help a friend commit murder and hide the bodies, but I draw a strange line at cheating.
Oh, 26
its not strange
We have? 0.0 Cool
because fidelity is th eonly thing that makes a GF a GF
WingN, hm, no, maybe not. it must have been called somethign different. same principle but possibly there was also murder 
darn right, witzie 
lol
the only thing that separates a "girlfriend" from an FWB is th epromise of fidelity
"You helped hide a body??  Where's the shovel? We gotta get that shit clean"
WingN, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0926762/ is what i was thinking of
much less classy.
"You helped cover up for cheating? ... How many have you been with?! You animal"
see i wouldnt assume it meant hed done soemthing
wierd
I would kind of assume it's mutual.
yeah, a lot of women would
becaus eit woudl never occur to me a man WOULDNT help a friend cover
argh WingN i was even wrong on that one, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1850397/?ref_=tt_rec_tt 
I wouldn't assume it was a one-way thing.
But I generally believe in a rule of reciprocation.
the fact that he's in that crowd in the first place is the problem WingN 
that crowd is called men
lol
I hate to bring this up but didn't like all your bfs cheat on you? 
no
i want my partner hanging out with a crowd of good men
only the one
aw.
I thought you said they did, nvm 
no i said he cheated on every gf he ever had
with me
I think that crowd is "men" like the cheating girlfriend crowd is "women" 
lol
like yeah there are a lot
but it doesn't mean you have to date them
sure
you probably shouldn't
I certainly choose not to
I hope the new Star Wars makes a new generation of white girls down to fuck black guys
i pretty much think all men cheat
but that could be generational
i hope so :(
i like how they're all talking about trump
millenial goody two shoes probably have to declare themselves poly and process with their gfs for 7 hours before they do
holy shit
hahahahaha
he's going to be the nominee
I think most of the men in the crowds you ran with cheated 
and most of the women as well
none of th ewomen i knew did
tho
i certainly never did
and none of my friends
hm 
cheating was considered a guy thing
im not saying women didnt do it
"It'll start at the kitchen table, and we'll see how it goes from there"
all that 70s drug doing partying nightclubbing stuff
but it was common knowledge just that"men cheated" 
and girls didn't cheat? 
I dont buy that
well i wasnt int he 70s lol
--Hillary Clinton on chatting with Bill
oh well, whenever
lol
but i was in the club and bar 
scene
with promiscuous ppl
I don't get why everyone is so incredulous
and i never knew of the women cheating
ok i think i got that reference
Clearly Trump will be the nominee
Unless he talks about lega
doesnt mean they werent
they coudl have been better at it
I just have a policy of honesty above loyalty, so I have a different stance on this.
Unless he talks about legalizing rape*
hoinesty to whom tho
why does HER bf have to be honest to who?
the other guys gf?
i mean he lied to HER about it at first
soi thats jus tbeign a liar
i dotn know its weir dto me
I would encourage my friend to be honest about it instead of being "loyal" and covering for their cheating.
But again, that's just me.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/travel_news/article-3403408/Traveller-sends-handwritten-plea-help-flight-attendant-nearby-passenger-farting-rows-10-12.html
If she wouldn't do that, I'd just have to remove myself from that friendship. But I understand that male bonding is a lot deeper, more like soldiers in a war.
It makes SENSE to cover, but I don't find it okay to do.
yeah. 
LOL, AtlasB 
i'm an emotional blob (infp ahoy) so that makes me feel very sad as a concept.
I wouldn't expect him to break up his friends relationship 
I'd want him to tell me about the cheating and be appropriately judgemental about it 
lol
I'm not saying he tell the GF. Just encourage him to be honest. Or at least just remove himself and refuse to cover, at the minimum.
right lol
there you go
see now thats what my h would do
hed gossip with me about it judgmentally
yeah the red flag is 80% him not doing that
why does he have that duty tho i dont get it
lol
its his friend
the GF is jus tsome GF
It was a mutual friend, though, in this case.
Not just a random girl.
That connection makes it worse, imo. 
nah she became friends with ehr becaus eof him
I mean, it was totally vindicated in this example we're going off of, because the boyfriend indeed was also cheating 
right
It just seems to be a strong correlation 
I just couldn't be with someone who covered actively for their friend cheating.
guys who do that also cheat 
sure i mean ex post facto it slike AHA!
I don't care about the actions that much removed from the correlation
idk
right
That's why I said "at minimum remove himself from the situation."
lonny maybe they should have picked an attractive black guy
to accomplish that goal
Not like he has to ruin his buddy's relationship actively.
because hes gross
katsumii_: your nickname reminds me of a pornstar
Okie dokey
i think it would be annoying to have to keep covering for a long time, unless the friend was covering for him as well, like in this situation 
yeh
whos gross
i mean theres covering and covering
"tell lauren i was at your house yesterday"
vs elaborate "covering"
I could understand covering a drunken ONS.
I couldn't understand covering an affair or a multitude of purposeful ONSes.
i think it upsets young women mor ebecaus eyoung women are girlfriends
and think girlfriend is an actual thing
when it isnt
I suppose it just throws up things that I consider to be red flags, which is why I'm reacting more harshly to this.
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41fpmh/my_26m_best_friend_26m_confessed_he_slept_with_my/
lol
Lol, i thought he was chimpy before I saw the movie but he is charming in the movie atlas
Though I agree unfortunately
They could have done way better
I have noticed some white directors have weird tastes in black men
i think its undersatndable and good that male friends are loyal to each other and can cover in times of need 
jim from the office http://imgur.com/4WL4t6p
so gay now
those abs
but im thinking about the "tell lauren i was at your house yesterday" type 
Racemixing could infuse some T back into the general white populace
does super elaborate covering actually happen on a regular basis?
And cool the jets on negro hotheads
That is HGH on Jim
Or rather, that is jim on Hgh
would it be better if it were fiancee, WingN ?
AtlasB: dragoness had a theory that white men are threatened by genuinely attractive black men so they cast chimps
I do not have a theory yet, I have noticed that white directors pick unattractive black men A LOT
good night sluts
happy minecrafting
they had no trouble casting billy dee williams
who was a huge black sex symbol
for blakc ppl
i dont think they can "See" black men
Hmm
fiancee is a real status
girlfriend is LITERALLY "i am not commited to you and dont plan  to,  we ar epassing time"
imo
While I liked his performance, he is not handsome enough to have any sort of believable pull to the white actress
eh.
fair i guess
:) Good night
argh. can't tell huscat because he's busy at work but my mum is coming to visit
hopefully she'll be as reliable as ever and not come
If they get a kissing scene it will look absurd
I wonder how really young girls, like the 12 year old I saw dressed as vader, feel about that black guy
like last time she said she was moving bck to the country and then moved in with her weirdass bf of three weeks
Probably have to go younger
How would a totally prepubescent kid feel about him?
john krasinski has a really meh face
even when his bod is good
and its only getting worse with age
Lol, is Billy Dee in Star Wars partially responsible for the ushering in on the jheri curl? (clearly Michael Jackson is most responsible but it is funny to think of it)
Krasinski lacks cheek bomes
Bones*
His good looks are boyish
Manliness ages better
yeah theres something really weird there
At first it ages faster, then it ages better
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/John_Krasinski_and_Josh_Wood_(cropped).jpg
I just hate his face soooo much
He landed Emily Blunt too
I thought you all loved Jim
http://img2-1.timeinc.net/people/i/2015/red-carpet/critics-choice/news/emily-blunt-435.jpg
somehow he's even worse with a beard
What do you hate about his face?
not sure
the round doughy cheeks probably
just really grosses me out
big round nose
he looks like a cartoon
Well, allow me to present my sexy round cheeks
Rounder than he could ever dream of
i just remembered
when my h brother was cheating on his gf
my h gossiped and disapproved
Actually, i think i picked up on something
i dotn think he helpe" cover up" in any way
His face looks bottom heavy
i think the not telling his GF was the red flag
Who is it?
yeah its very bottom heavy
worse than your face
your face is like an angels compared to his

yeah WingN thats probably what I'm picking up oon
if SPs friend cheated and SP gossipped about it to me with appropriate levels of disapproval I wouldn't think anything of it 
even if he did the minimum amount of cover "oh jim was here last night"
I don't think SP would do that though tbh
cover up at all
Once, when I was single, a guy messaged me on a dating site who looked like my GF's boyfriend, and had the same name and age.  So I called and told her to check it out.  Luckily she looked before getting mad at him, because it turns out it was a similar looking guy but not her BF.
http://news.yahoo.com/many-lost-voters-found-candidate-trump-180551756.html?nf=1
yikes
http://anepigone.blogspot.com/2016/01/starry-eyed-xenophilia.html
https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/01/16/scott-adams-writes-about-donald-trump-and-climate-change-hoax/
  Satoshi Kanazawa is an ultimate sperglord of "racist" studies
He did that one on High T black women
Okay Atlas, you could link me to all the data in the world
lol
But I am not a scientist, and I was not there to collect the data, so I can never know
It seems that the most powerful lobbyists (big oil) would have a lot to lose
Who GAINS anything from the hoax?
fucking FINALLY my client paid me
a week late
a week is fairly good
(reminds me i need to chase up an invoice from last month)
what do you do madscilove ?
well, it's actually been two weeks since I submitted the invoice
but I usually expect payment within the week
cakeforallofyou: freelance editing/copywriting
also recently jumped back into kitchen work part-time
cool
yeah, i can imagine wanting to get that asap
freelancing invoices are the worst
how about you? what do you do?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41gvyf/q4rp_if_you_are_acceptance_phase_and_accept_the/
xemnasssss
.context
https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/01/16/scott-adams-writes-about-donald-trump-and-climate-change-hoax/#comment-93728
Ahah
That stem advice
Will be the death
Of trp
STEM advice?
what stem advice?
Yep
RedManBearPig there's still time for you to buy a ticket
rasputin eyes http://www.lyricsmode.com/i/bpictures/28718.jpg
yay bot
now I need my owed karma
thats rasputin??
first I pay back
no
All the PM's I get from people regarding my planning post are all about how to achieve their STEM goals
dayum
I'm a broke fucker blowing
thats manson
oh
it's too late
dang
SaintOfPirates++
yep
We should add him to witzie's hobos
.karma
thats an attractive face
all 5 2 of hot hobo
its funny how people claim that the wall isn't real
He's 5'2?!
really protopill?
http://a.abcnews.go.com/images/US/abc_ann_manson_120613_wg.jpg
even though men get young women any chance they get
dear god
like heff or charles manson
RedManBearPig: yeah well I get people pming me about suicide too
how do you think he got all those women to move to his compound and bang him
lolol
Ted Bundy was kinda hot
an dmen to fucking follow him
he looks like SP when his beard grows
demented lunatics
probably with a good steady CS job
and amused mastery
lolzlzlzlzlzl
hahahahahahahahahah
Lol
ive had so much coffee!!!! wheee!!
Hey programming is hot
SP
can I pm you about how I dodge capture if I "accidentally" killed some protopill?
RMBP and dencrypt you can give me my karma now the bot is here, thanks
RedManBearPig: lol
SP - what a man
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41hvid/should_you_date_a_man_who_has_been_falsely/cz2j1wi
lol susandeath++
Relevant
thanks RMBP!
this is some of the most high T bone structure ive ever seen
susandeath++
SP has many leather bound books
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/4e/77/73/4e77730cd8ab4bcd269edc87b1a04cce.jpg
protopill++
look at his jaw spurs and block head
you want to spot criminals?
lol
Woot Lonny_Z
morons
how can ppl ignore patterns right in front of their eyes
Wow that guys hear
Head
look at it
120% T
It's so blocky
block
yes
Like he came from Legos
the blockhead of testosterone
Hahahaha
thats manson
morons
Someone build a beared him
whos a moron
lol
young mason
everyone
everyones a fuckingmoron
why
I would totally be his bro
until he killed you
RedManBearPig: you would bro a murderer gasp!
Ted Bundy and his prime https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/HrOIyfDq/IMG_1331.JPG
then it would suck
Ted bundy is different tho
No blocky
11:25 AM <RedManBearPig> I'm a broke fucker blowing
He's just a straight attractive dude
Just put it on credit you'll be fine
Oooh never seen that pic before
He's got the nice hair and everything
Such party girl blowing 
He killed people at Florida state
Extros always get murdered BeyondTheLight
Sadly
look at the block on the night stalker  http://murderpedia.org/male.R/images/ramirez_richard/ramirez_000.jpg
manson tried to kill the guy who didnt sign him to a record deal, but instead just killed whoever was in his house at the time
Omega Chi I think
I dunno, ted looks sorta blocky to me
he was friends with a crime writer blowing, she and ted bundy worked the same suicide hotline
That's why they started porch rooms
Just not as blocky
bundy had a block
AtlasB: idk why but when I see them I feel like I need to kill them 
http://media.nbcnewyork.com/images/1200*675/080211+ted+bundy.jpg
AtlasB: what about https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b6/James_Holmes,_cropped.jpg
you do
He murdered some sorority chicks at FSU
And his beta face
Took them on dates
yes
Probably because they dont seem trust worthy
Fucked them
Killed them
lots of shooters are beeta
Batman mass murderer
LIKE A BOSS
8:31 AM <blowing> He murdered some sorority chicks at FSU
He didn't take them on dates blowing
look at bundies rasputin eyes
11:30 AM <BeyondTheLight> Such party girl blowing
That's why you don't go extro
protopill you creep
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/41g64c/what_is_something_creepy_that_society_accepts_as/cz2423s
Gotta watch yourself
Me?!
Lonny_Z: I think he did
Snorting coke of dead bodies
He burst into their sorority house, raped them, and bludgeoned them with a log
Lol witzie
That's sort of like a date
they deserved it
the sloots
That's such a woman response
You can tell that's a woman
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/41g64c/what_is_something_creepy_that_society_accepts_as/cz2tb0v?context=3
protopill: 
"Ewwww networking"
After having escaped from jail a second time and starting a new life
Women should never be in business
no I think thats a prole/intro man response
more than woman
They just don't understand
He even had the audacity to drive a beige Volkswagen Beetle again
So audacious
protopill bite your tounge!
See that's why he's alpha murderer hot
Oh awesome!
I was cited to
woot
That's excellent
.karma
.karma
.karma AtlasB 
RedManBearPig: will I soon get primes?
I mean famous people get primes so
no protopill 
you missed the bus
.quote witzie100
why is my karma so low
susan and filozof won the primes
yay@
I am sharing my primes with SerNem
.ping boring women
"Yep, networking events are useless and a waste of money, at least in my industry. Never once got any work from handing out business cards. People won't hire you over their friends, which it's difficult to become because of the fakeness of these events."
Morning!
ew im not going to sit here and take being called woman
That's why networking isn't about making business
*boring
you know what you will get protopill
It's about making friends
exactly
Ugh.... Idiot proles
*boring woman 
prime-aged male virgins at your doorstep asking you questions
so that they become your friends
and give you business
about how to live life
I have gotten so much business from my poly meets
I go and make friends
and then after a few months I get asked
Such accomplishment RedManBearPig 
oh come and meet so we can hire you for our cosec stufff
yay
Yuk RedManBearPig
internet-fame brings all the right virgins to the yard
I'll let buartha have em
the male virgins
buartha doesn't even want those, trust me
8:38 AM <susandeath> and then after a few months I get asked
How are you doing?
Yep or even longer
It's about patience
oh year
.krama
but 
.karma
I mean I dont go to the poly meets to make business
I go to make friends
I'm bored
Top comment: "I despise networking events because I feel like Holden Caulfield when I'm at one. Everyone acts so cheery and god damn happy to be there. What a bunch of phonies. It makes me want to puke. I'm not kidding."
.karma
Confirmed. Reddit intro nerds
Can't handle gatherings of people
lol
this is so gay
ah. I am no help there with dieas. I veg out in front of the computer when I get bored. 
Lol protopill they should hang out with me once I will show them fun
Ofcourse this guy protopill quoted is as real as it can get
Psh
But I bet they will sit in some corner
With all your money
And be boring and shit
Bottom comment downvoted: "What if some of us aren't phonies and just genuinely like making new connections? Is that so unbelievable?"
A voice of reason!! Down vote it now
yes
its ubnelievable
Man  RedManBearPig protopill has money too go hate on him ;)
Nah
Hahaha
Had to try
i find that young people nowadays genuinely hate traditional social gatherings
Yeah its better to talk over skype
Amirite
filozof: yep yep
we can only communicate while a dildo is shoved up ass with butter creamed on the fucking floor
I hate social gatherings, networking, being in the same room wtih strangers, whatevahs 
Can't handle gatherings of more than enough people to make a LAN party
Oddly specific
they spend too much time on the internet
#introlyfe
nobody  has lan parties anymore
too social
I remember going to one of those
Yeah move on protopill 
millenials only meet at kink parties
like i hear so many people who even hate wedding parties
I eventually went shoe shopping
lan parties are so 2003
jeez
I sucked so bad at the game
where do all those intro retards come from
where they cuck each other
Ugh...making "connections"
"The higher up in business you get, the more actual psychopaths you find. People who are willing to screw others over make the most money, and the guy in charge of promotions is usually going to promote the guy who makes more for the company. Hence people with no empathy going up faster, because it makes it easier."
^ this is called real life
Get used to it
HAH
you need to lack empathy for certain jobs
the guy in charge of promotions is usually going to promote the guy who makes more for the company.
Retarded black people and gays, here I come
what
why dont morons get that
the scandal!!!!
Lol susandeath
Scandalous!!!!
how could they put the company bottom line first
I laughed
it's because empathy is the moral virtue everyone should strive for according to the current liberals
how could i calmly deal with the other realtor in a house sale crisis
apparently I business wrong
Because rhe power of goodness and such AtlasB 
where my buyer is FLIPPING  OUT
You mean the company is outing he share holders first!!! Gasp!
if i couldnt detach from my buyers emotions?
should i flip out with them
having empathy doesn't mean you can't detach
It's because people want empathy to be a moral virtue
empathy is a non word
that replaced sympathy
oh protopill that just makes me sad, shareholder  sigh
empathy means cofeelings
it would be fun to hire a lawyer who flips out wiht you
lol yeh
my h would be that lawyer
filozof its harder to detach if you are empathetic/sympathetic
I'm picturing an exuberant black man lawyer
you can learn how
its so funny how we both cant comfort each other
flipping out escalates
Empathy is impossible
sympathy also means cofeelings
but its harder
w0000
his reaction to me being upset at something
Sounds good AtlasB 
I disagree Lonny
ois to get 1000 times more angry at it
It is weird that it is a word
I do think empathy is a thing
and accuse it of conspiracies against me
Can I give him some coke as payment?
900 point top comment: "The business world thinks of empathy the way physics exams think of air resistance: assume it's not there so every problem is simpler."
empathy was not even a word
STEM LORD NERD
checking in
Even a mother can't empathize
until the 40sw
Loooool
I did that when SP was mad at his neighbors for complaining about noise 
it was invente dby socialist psychology
I went in the kitchen and slammed cupboards along our shared wall
until he made me stop
Cringe protopill 
it didnt come into vogue til ST:TNG
and stupid worthless deanna troi
"i sense they are angry"
lolol
Who feels empathy susandeath ?
me
I do
no one feels empathy
extros project their internal selves onto others
and call it empathy
its not real
There is no way you can feel someone else's emotions
That is sympathy you feel susan
hey yall... so /u/ladyoneearth is also /u/doomsdaysister 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41jhrw/nagging_boyfriend/
I think I have real empathy
whatevs
empathy wa sjust mad eup in the 40s
I do think I have real empathy
but we can disagree
Susan, it is impossible
and call it sympathy if you like
i doubt you could ever empathize with me syuusan
Your brain is not their brain
I dunno Atlas
I think I could
I would try
oh I had a passing theory while listening to stefan AtlasB 
You cannot read their minds
do tell
Are you Jean Grey?
sympathy is supposed to be more distant than than empathy
susandeath: "I fucking HATE corporations!!!!"
Lol
Anothe comment
Are you Deanna Troi?
lol protopill
Lonny could you please not out me here
he was having a discussion with some racist, and the racist was saying the state of black people and how the welfare system etc has created their problems is "unfortunate" and "sad" etc. 
empathy means feeling another person's pain 
i think it is possible
https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=empathy%2C+sympathy&case_insensitive=on&year_start=1800&year_end=2008&corpus=15&smoothing=3&share=&direct_url=t4%3B%2Cempathy%3B%2Cc0%3B%2Cs0%3B%3Bempathy%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BEmpathy%3B%2Cc0%3B.t4%3B%2Csympathy%3B%2Cc0%3B%2Cs0%3B%3Bsympathy%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BSympathy%3B%2Cc0
look at that
and stefan was steamrolling him like "no no why would you call it unfortunate, you're stealing money from people who work, blah blah you don't call that sad, pathological altruism is so bad, blah blah" 
no one feel sother ppls pain
yes, empathy is a new word
there was no sense that something can simply be unfortunate and sad 
and also not be worthy of doing anything about it
exactly
thats how i feel about things
i can feel pain when i watch other people getting hurt
why can't I think a syrian civil war is tragic and sad 
thats the cosmic vision witz
and simply feel that and carry on not letting them in?
what about this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mirror_neuron
8:52 AM <filozof> i can feel pain when i watch other people getting hurt
there's zero sense of that anymore
your imagining yourself in the situation
Fascinating
not feeling their pain
Are you sure you're entj filozof
empathy is projection
what's fascinating about this protopill ?
hes not fucking entj
lolol
lol protopill filozof is not entj
get fucking lost
is that the new one this week
still searchign for "the best mbti"
instead of being honest
it's important not to get lost in the weeds 
protopill thought i was entj because i didnt care about david bowie's death
but AtlasB stefan was pinning the problem with our pathological altruism on the wrong aspect imo 
he was pinning it on the underlying feelings of sympathy 
rather than the lack of understanding that its ok to feel that something is unfortunate and sad
there seems to be an automatic reciprocal response to seeing someone else in various circumstances 
a strong response 
and not do anything about it
AtlasB> empathy is projection ----> do you think it is not possible to understand how someone could feel in a situation, if you know them really well?
feeling good when they succeed
thats the real issue imo
feeling bad when they fail 
i can't watch cringe scenes in movies
i feel such pain during them
susandeath: your brain is different than theirs?
How can you feel the SAME?
I'm aware of that coochquarantine
can you understand how they feel? is that not empathy?
not feeling the same thing
I don't know why they opted for one account over the other
but understanding how they feel
but I have both tagged for future reference
That is SYMPATHY
I think 'understanding how they feel' is what atlasb is describing
i can with very high likehood understand what other person feels
projection
and share that feeling
I thought sympathy was feeling sorry for people
I also don't think the OP provided enough information
but there's a quicker, pre-'understanding' mirror response
yes, empathy is closer than sympathy
involuntary
susandeath I can't let this go
heres some empathy for you
my h just forced me to do stuff i didnt want to do
and said
Technically, empathy is impossible
"im sorry youre a human with feelings but i need you to do this"
well I cant argue anymore with you Lonny_Z I have to go feed my bf
I don't really see the point of 'empathy' instead of 'sympathy' though, tbh
the point was socialism
I think 'sympathetic response' captures the mirror neuron thing well 
what did he force you to do
empathy was a commie social sciences neologism
clean something?
read his rantings
you should next him
twice
oh thats ok
hahah
not cleaning
empathy doesn't mean paranormal ability
He actually said that?
yes
it's one of the meanings
verbatim
but not the only on
Ha!
he says it funny tho
hes not like serious and gruff all the time
except yesterday becaus ehe had a headache and accuse dme of being the governemnt
which ii keep forgetting is the headache sgnal
he thinks you're a government agent?
you act like she's *not* a government agent, filozof 
coochquarantine: your comments are being removed on this matter because linking one account to another on reddit is considered doxxing
Please stop
i thought her husband was the secret president
"I KNOW How to Win, I KNOW How to Win Fast, I KNOW How to Smash Those Metal-Motherfuckers into Junk --Because I Am The Laziest Motherfucker on Earth...And I Lovvve to Get Things Done FAST, So That I Can Get Back to Whatever The Fuck I Was Doing..."
so technically she would be working for him
thats whats going on inside my H head
the random capitals really make it AtlasB 
yes
does he always capitalize things like that?
sounds tiring
he loves to capitalize
i dont capitalize anything
and he replaces S's with $
that shift must be used a lot
holla dolla bill$
liek when he says hes not radicalized, hes AWE$OMIZED
omg i found out why he yelle dhimself awake
that makes me want to puke
he had a nightmare all the cats we ever owned
ran outside and were getting hit by cars
what makes you want to puke filo
that wouldn't be too unusual for a pied piper style gov't agent
his rants
like Hal Turner
well i never should have told him my uncle was inthe CIA
lol
excuse me, uh, the USIA
lol
Lol, doesn't he know replacing S with $ is black?
he says hes a nigger
he is a nigger
hes president camacho
so poland organizes euro handball championship
and the swedes are offended by the lack of male cheerleaders
filo ar eyou annoyed or fascinated by Timecube?
only intjs are facinated by timecube, aren't they?
so annoyed then
?
i tried skimming it
it was pretty incomprehensible
i tried reading it now, but it appears to be deleted
https://web.archive.org/web/19981206034450/http://www.timecube.com/
Woah
What is this
lol
its timecube
duh
What's that
"I will give $1,000.00 to any person who can disprove 4 days in each earth rotation."
Wat
Wait what this is getting so weird
Your midday is someone else's midnight, someone else's sundown and even someone else's sunup.
that might have been more interesting if it was comprehensible
sounds too much like random ramblings
well, he's right about that at least 
it's interesting 
ooh lol I love that AtlasB 
there was another site like that I found once
epic crazed rants
filozof you don't like eccentric people do you
xSFx
well, eccentrics can be interesting
interestingly, i would have to be very dishonest for me to get an S on a test
mode happywifelife +x
crap
Wat
Timecube....
interview with gene ray https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tn2UCqL5qyo#t=1m16s
god that's so retarded
lol
it's great
.mbti
I think I am mentally retarded now
am i misunderstanding her questions?  why does she end this posting with  "I'm not asking for opinions about my relationship, but instead advice on how to lead with the above issue"
of lonny you are infp
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41jhrw/nagging_boyfriend/
I love that timecube thing
pretty much like me
Hmm, yeah filozof how did you figure that?
how to lead in the above relationship where her bf nags?
i'm a mind reader
i empathized with you and felt your thoughts
"GOD IS CORNERED AS A QUEER"
Lol sup buartha
lolol
timing
Hahaha
Hahaha
I hate naggers
.context
https://web.archive.org/web/19981206034450/http://www.timecube.com/
lol here buartha
i do to
maybe im just not understanding the structure/wording though
it reads like she wants us to tell her how to "lead him"
AtlasB: "a lot of trp resonates with islamic values which go back 1000s of years. Hamster this away how you please."
Wat!
Why does Islam keep getting brought up
yes
well how do you deal if youre stuck with a nagger
Arghhh
ignore them?
hes not nagging her hes leadign he
true question
Ah it's time cube!
shes not following
shes not "submitting" or whatevcer
well sure wingn,
buartha++
but that last part, am i reading correctly that she wants direction to lead him
i dotn understand the responses oin the thread
yes
ok i thought so
ty
she seems to have zero conception of where she is
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41jhrw/nagging_boyfriend/cz2vgfn
because they have no conception of history
and anglosphere chivalric patriarchy
and they are trying to shame
the anglosphere HAS a patriarchal tradition
it doesnt need islam
dang woman, we posted same time
lol
witzie, to answwer your question
when my hubs is nagging me, it's for a damn good reason - and thats not usually his character
if i make it past the knee-jerk "bug off" , I listen and try to adjust or do the thing he's asking me to do
"le Not wanting women to vote Thinking your wife owes you sex The importance of female virginity The importance of females getting married early Men being able to have multiple partners but women no. Slut shaming Importance of being a good cook
it's some peoples character to nag all the time, I'm curious if there's any way to deal with that besides not be around them 
classic example, mother in law or something 
yes listen to them
is a way
lol
idk, i take a lot of things that i dont like in stride
someone you could be stuck with all the time and who could nag you obnoxiously 
is there nothing to do
my housemates nagged me constantly
I left 
thats diff
I hate naggers
well i wouldn't marry someone who's just up my ass 24/7 for no reason
lolol
I'm not talking about some girls boyfriend
I'm talking about naggers
oh
rigth
who should go die
right ok
in a pit 
a roomate isnt a bf or husband
so deep they starve before hitting the bottom
lol
nice!
yeah, if it isnt my family/hubs .  they get the old go fuck yourself
Men being able to have multiple partners but women no<< this is not a westernvalue
Well they should at least know how to make a decent sunny side up egg!
lots of islamic values are similar to traditional christian values
probably because they are based on the same reality
"There are no 30 year old Children living
 on Earth ... so when do they die? They
should be honored at death for their
sacrifice and contribution to humanity.  "
lol
do you think this was made as a joke AtlasB ?
im going to have to steal that one, witzie
"so deep you starve....."
GOD IS CORNERED AS A QUEER - q.e.d
that man has some serious mental illness
He was diagnosed with schizophrenia iirc
Before time cube
filozof> lots of islamic values are similar to traditional christian values << only the parts that are universal human value
si just had this argument with xanman
witzie what is that?
from timecube? lol
thats from timecube
lol
i just think hes schizotypal an duneducated and is expressing himself weoirdly
christianity was a pretty big departure from judaism
christianity is unrelated to judaism
in every particular
and islam
islam took the trappings of christianity but became more judaish
islam and judaism ar esimilar
you DO islam and judaism
you believe xtianity
i guess the tribal arabs made it similar to the tribal jewish religion
same kind of stuff worked for them
to unite the tribes
I'm kind of attracted to schizophrenic craziness I think
and stop people pissing about
I love timecube guy 
are you saying islam and judaism are more ritualistic
AtlasB? 
Lol witzie you just like crazy stuff
why haven't we come up with a religious label for greenies?
naturalism is a philosophical stance so it doesn't work
perhaps naturism?
has anyone here ever had a blue collar type job
oh apparently that is taken by nudists
who are a subset of greenies
lol
There was a  documentary on him
I can't remember what it was called though
I have worked as a bike mechanic for a while Jack4ss ?
But that is as far as it goes I am afraid
i see
are you asking men only
nope
yeah Jack4ss;  i worked at libraries to pay for tuition
i have had several blue collar jobs
it was mostly part time though
Like 99% of these threads can be solved by observing the maxim "an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure"
the whole last year i worked like a black woman in a cotton field
stocking shelves, processing foreign books, etc
that sounds hardcore happy
And it was short lived it was more so to show me hard work and all that jazz
was it as exhausting as you'd think
even more so
i guess neopagans are the subset of greenies who openly identify with a religion
i could never have imagined the fucking body pain /muscle tiredness
yeah
even though my boss told me - i wouldn't have known it til it was done
were there ever days where you came home from work, and was not completely exhausted?
not really, 12-14 hour days physical labor all day
That is a lot
yeah
I worked manufacturing differential voltage probes all summer
favorite job ever
I wish i could just do that for life
so easy
why the line of questioning, jack
just trying to find a trade, and working out if im cut out for it
your trade is in being an ass
lol
lol
and you were born for it, baby
lol
change your name SexyMcSexington!
lol
witzie dont nag ;)
so triggered by your name :OOOO
fiat_: can you give me a tl;dr overview of religion in china?
abosultely
absolutely *
ooooh i wanna hear this
or chirp
fiat_: SerNemesis you agree that the name "dominance threshold" in camille's post is inappropriate and confusing?
like a lot of it seems more cultural practice rather than religion
no religious texts or institution
no religious community
<witzie> I worked manufacturing differential voltage probes all summer
Super exciting
but i could be wrong about that
it was fun
SerNemesis i can't speak for all but i know that taoism and confuscism pretty much a lot are memorized.. the text i mean
ah
so you do have texts
witzie do you like manufacturing?
and yeah i'm interested in the indigenous stuff like taoism and confuscianism
its not so much religion rather than way of thinking
*confuscism
also buddhism 
well buddhism is indian :P
oooh true i was just in india!
sweet
where in india?
SerNemesis: it's generally how Bertrand Russel described it
saw so many chinese monks... but no indian monks lol
lol
decentralized like its industries or gov't (except industry and gov't became more centralized in the 20th century, its Chinese religion obv didn't keep up)
it's not very organized, and you can basically consider it a set of mythologies that get mixed up a lot
i was in dehli jaipur udelpur goa mumbai pune... etc
I've seen a bunch of couples change their lifestyles. One sets the example and STFU. The other is curious and follows suit. It's a basis of respect.
you get figures like the Jade Emperor or other deities popular among taoists in the same stories as ones that feature Buddha
Why was it fun?
it's interesting how it's very hard to take any religion seriously once you know science
Lol timejump
Witzie^
yo sernemesis I have been reading about war lately (what else is new) and I think I understand much better why those israeli theories that led to disaster in Lebanon '06 could put down roots 
Yes, filozof, "threshold" might not have been the perfect word
http://pastebin.com/kH9C4psu
but it's not a huge deal to me
this sounds like that sort of bullshit
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2015/01/17/woman-plans-to-marry-her-father-after-two-years-dating.html
wtffasjkjsf
fiat_: yeah, i'm just asking because i'm petty
but in fact, this passage essentially describes rommel's diaries about the operation in france 
and i had a discussion with AtlasB where she said that "threshold" makes sense because its both and upper limit and a lower limit
and i'm saying otherwise because im not a native english speaker
masses of disorganized french simply surrendering as a result of encountering german motorized forces well behind the front line 
"The effect of this mental state leads to operational shock or system paralysis, and ultimately to the disintegration of his operational system." - this actually happened! 
it really bothers my senses that the word "threshold" is used there
chirp: "After the wedding, the woman says they plan to move to New Jersey where adult incest is legal." <--- huh, I did not know that.
and it also might be why the soviets didn't crumble in the same way the french did 
New Jersey allows adult incest. Is that the only state?
9:49:30 <chirp> i was in dehli jaipur udelpur goa mumbai pune... etc
Cool
in what sense does it allow adult incest
as in sex?
or marriage
I've only been to Mumbai and pune
let me look
And another town there - nashik
i doubt any us state allows incest marriage
that would ruin the sanctity of marriage
SerNemesis i loved the cultural historical religious stuff very crowded though
Hi ppdbot
How are you?
Ooh did you see the "caves"?
errrrrrrrr
i dont think so 
i went to a lot of castles though
it looks to me like marital incest is banned throughout, filozof 
What? Incest is banned?
there's was no doubt to me it was
in the US, incestuous marriage.
People shouldn't be allowed to shame consenting adults for their choices!
They were born that way!
Every love is beautiful!
though gay marriage is a gateway to incest marriage
even though gay rights activists argue otherwise
I really like that argument
I love stupid arguements
that's not a stupid argument
it's true
which argument?
every argument used in favor of gay marriage can be used in favor of incest marriage
and poly marriage 
and animal marriage
yes, it's the same principle
"it doesn't affect anyone"
Ah yeah I haven't seen any castles
A"The fugees will rape our women" B"No they won't you fucking racist!" A"But they are poor, uneducated and don't know our customs" B"Fuck of nazi" new years eve happens A"See I told you so!" B"You can't blame them, they have no education!"
leftists are just blind to ways how cultural norms affect people
Saw some forts
so they talk about how that doesn't affect anyone
I never got the lefty argument that lack of education is a justification for crime. I am sure no judge in the world would say "Oh, the murderer didn't finish college, he is innocent"
I like the argument "It affects kids. Higher chance of genetic problems"... even though the risk to kids being born to brother/sister incest aren't that high
and the same argument could be made against people with genetic diseases having children
There are some cave temples in Maharashtra that have been carved out by monks
what about gay incest marriage then
brother/brother marriage
or father/son marriage
yeah filozof 
I think the risks compound when it's societally acceptable though fiat
filozof: play
there's no argument to be used against it as a leftist
So what stops legalizing incest marriage when one of them can be sterilized?!?
because then you have incest babies marrying incest babies
play what SerNemesis ?
Sorry
Phone in pocket
i thought you wanted to play go or something
witzie:  i honestly think that is just rationalization. What about filozof's point about gay incest
what about it? 
i think they're all as valid as the arguments for gay marriage
theyre the same arguments anyway
it's a rationalization because people can't admit they are against incest because it's gross
just like they were against gay marriage because it's gross
so
but being against something because of grossness is wrong now, apparently
Frensel I'd argue that the Israelis as usual tried to use airpower to achieve operational victory, expecting to encounter a typical Arab army.
we should start a political party
yes.
"The leftiest leftists"
DavidHasselhof's point too
we have tech to sterilize 
But Hezbollah was prepared
and always argue for the darnest shit just for the sake of it
Very well planned
and we can just make conception/having babies in incestuous relationships illegal, or if we don't care about complexity, make it so 2nd level incest not allowed
kids born to incestuous parents can't hook up
y, if one guy can't get babies then he should be able to marry his sister, brother and mother. After all Poly, Incest, Bi marriage is just love between several consenting adults and who are you to discriminate against them!
And the Israeli forces were expecting a guerilla war not a conventional war
yes, if marriage is just about LOVE then two sterile family members
should be able to marry and fuck to their heart's content
If you watch interviews of front line Israeli infantry they were in total shock
that paper you linked went into the ideological developments of the israeli command
i absolutely love how people can say "two consenting adults should be able to do whatever they want" and at the same time, be against incest
do they have a blind spot or something?
how can you not think
It doesn't help that the Israeli army is conscripted whereas Hezbollah is all volunteer
which I think had a lot to do with their failure
Yeah
they wanted to 'create a perception of defeat' in the enemy
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e4/49/7a/e4497a61baac240932569273c4276e53.jpg
this is such a beautiful aquarium
and they tried to do that by bombing apartment buildings etc
Why two sterile members? One can be sterile and everything is fine
ignoring how that spectacularly failed.. everywhere
Yeah
but it didn't sound more like bullshit than what was in that pastebin
tbf, filozof a lot of them think incest should be allowed too
filozof you got it wrong
but again, reading rommel's diaries what was written in that pastebin happened 
so it's not an ideological blind spot
Well the pastebin is about achieving tangible success
yeah but most people would be against incest marriage
Against the military
like obama argued that there's no connection between gay marriage and incest
when he argued for gay marriage
"My moral compass says this is good, here eat this justification, no my moral compass is against that, you can't do that, no that justification eh look over tehre" *runs away*
obama was pandering. what else is new
he didn't have to destroy most of the french materiel or men, most simply surrendered in the face of a totally unanticipated encounter 
Not simply bombing random stuff and expecting that to affect your enemy's fighting ability
there's a reason why gay marriage is allowed in the us and incest marriage isn't
another bit of military 'magical thinking' that I would dismiss is the idea that it is more important to fire in the enemy's general direction than it is to take cover
How bigot does one have to be to be against wincest?
people have been convinced that consenting adults should be able to do whatever, i think
but that's precisely what rommel describes
Incest involves consenting adults
even judge roberts in his dissent mentioned that gay marriage is a slippery slope to polygamy
the thing is that the psychological impact of being under fire drives people to ground, or at least a large percentage of even well trained infantry 
Wait
Right frensel
but I am not allowed to eat my friend if he says I am allowed to
but I would instinctively dismiss 'psychological bullets' as nonsense 
Suppresive fire
right 
of course it is a self-defeating response, because it gives the enemy free reign
there i sliterally no justification no to oppose ANY form of marriage
Right
and rommel would regale his troops to get back into things after they went to ground 
i think the big problem in the gay marriage debate was the multiple meanings of the word "marriage"
what argument could you have against any marital grouping now
yeah AtlasB 
thats what I think
why can't I marry my dog? 
ok, not dog, cow
Because uh, hmm, animal?
Much of war is about getting your troops to have bigger balls than the other side
I can *eat* my cow
liberals were able to equivocate marriage as a government institution and marriage as an arrangement between two people
cow doesn't consent to being eaten
why does its consent for sex matter? 
lol
perfect
marriage IS a governemtn institution they are right
they were right
if I can literally eat this creature
why can't I marry it?
the solution wasnt gay marrige
Only when both sides are high morale do you get attrition warfare
I'm in wuv
AtlasB they were stupidly arguing that "gay people are denied love"
it's interesting though, because in a credible website about german tactics it says infantry were drilled not to open fire until the order came
when they werent denied love
in order to avoid giving away their position, even if they were under fire
Yeah
they were denied government privileges
12:12 PM <DavidHasselhof> Because uh, hmm, animal?  
every single man should marry his pet
while rommel pretty much says 'fuck that, you NEED to fire back even in their general direction'
don't you see how this proves our point?
But witzie, if I told you that you could eat me, or kill me, you still wouldn't be allowed to
tax benefits and shit
50 years ago the argument against gay marriage was "because uh, hmm, theyre both dudes?"
and it was just as legitimate as "because, uh, hmm, animal?"
most people barely get any tax benefits
you need kids for that
and one partner who doesn't work
It depends on whether the other troops will keep shooting at you
military benefits
Or run away
social security
dink gets no advanages
http://www.fox2detroit.com/news/local-news/76375172-story
wow its really tanking
there's no logical justification, in the end it's just an imperative
10:13:19 <@witzie> 50 years ago the argument against gay marriage was "because uh, hmm, theyre both dudes?"
Right
"man and woman"
i think gay marriage is an oxymoron
i dare anyone to make an arguemnt against any form of marriag enow
that just reminds me, I am still eager to hear blushingpancake's reasoning
Marriage was just a formalized institution for mating
holy shit 78 cent gas
Gays cannot mate
if i can change the definition of marriage just like that, why can't i change it further?
why can't i change the definition of marriage to include single marriage?
as an incel i feel discriminated
Lol witzie
Inflation
i was on iphone last time and couldn't question. she complained about me and AtlasB saying that leftists are crypto-xtians
by the need to have a partner
or crypto kantians
they are
So from my viewpoint everyone who is against incest, pedo, bestiality, poly is a fucking bigot that can fuck himself. So far left that everything else looks far right
eh she hated that
she says they have legitimate "reasons"
david well its true
blushingpancake's reasoning for what?
Witzie, would you really marry your cow? What if she divorce rapes you
I guess the thing is that if German infantry, the best in the world (probably unsurpassed to this day, in terms of mass infantry quality) still had to be shouted up into machine gun fire by their commander, one has to conclude that it is never a good idea to go to ground instead of returning fire 
in the argument we had she vabsically said that th emoral duty to the "other" was axiomatic
and she didnt have to go farther supporting it
in all honesty i tried to think from her perspective, but couldn't 
unless they just involved, "muh feelings"
Well that is fair atlasb
who?
You can define morality however you want
it might as well be god then
I just entered, who made that argumetn? fiat
Every word has tonuave an axiomatic definition
yeh then dont impose your universal "Axiomatic" morality on me
thats fine
blushingpancake davidhasselhoff
morality can exist without god
define anythign any way you want
Right to Christians morality is axiomatically defined as god
What do you mean atlasb
right
people can punish for evil acts just like god does
If we come up with labels and terms
my issue isnt crypto christian morality
With axiomatic definitions
AtlasB here is a list of morality (from perfect to wrong): 1. My morals 2. Your morals
its the fact they seel to apply it to others
We can apply them
E.g. we will call you bad
i dotn have a moral duty to the other
you do
everybody wants to apply their morality to others
For not abiding by the morality
enforce it on yourself
thats the point of morality
no thats LAW
By our axiomatic definition of duty
morality is not to be enforced on yourself
which replaced morality
http://imgur.com/lJqLNcy
hnggg
yes it is
rational egoism
You have a moral duty to others
I want a little freshwater minnow aquarium
morality is to be enforced to other people
enforces moraloty only on yourself
no
law is based on morality
YOUYR altruist collectivist morlaity is
fuuuuck witzie
it snot the only morality
pretty much all humans have collectivist morality, it is a question of the size of the sphere 
did you see this one DavidHasselhof? all time reddit best aquarium imo
https://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/comments/3tcg0t/diy_stream_in_a_box/
By their definition of morality you are bad and are failing your duty
perfect little mountain slate stream 
good for them
why should i care?
I want all the little minnows
You shouldnt
Unless they can compel you to care
right
which is why
collectivist moralityu
is inherently totalitarian
and fascist
no it isn't
yes it is
It isnt
It relies on guilt
they dont rely on god
enforcing your morals on others isn't totalitarian
to punish you in hell
yes it is
Who doesnt play minecraft AtlasB ?
The problem with liberals is that they focus on guilt rather than punishment
hmm witzie did you look into small aquarium garden? You plant some shit and water it with aquarium stuff and nurture your plants with fish shit?
how is it different from the state punishing you for doing things against the law
no ones playing BTL
aquaponics DavidHasselhof ?
The minute you stop feeling guilt you are invulnerable to them
I guess that's the name
the state has a monopoly on th elicit initiation of force
to protect natural rights
my dad did that with tilapia
its not base dion "morality"
its base din private property
and individual rights
sern right
tilapia filet?
Reputation has traditionally been how morality had been enforced
im not talking about law
Shunning etc.
im talkign abotu their weird kantianethics
we shouldnt use morality
it was kind of pointless since we dont eat fish DavidHasselhof 
but the garden was cool
tilapia are related to my fave aquarium fish
hmm
and how is wanting to enforce "individual rights" different from enforcing whatever leftists believe is right
the gourami
so you get fish and a garden?
But liberals have the whole christian grace thing
they also believe in "individual rights"
or rather "human rights"
So there are no consequences for past sin
I have a small garden for mint - I use that for mojitos
They don't care about reputation
Or past sins
leftists often believe they don't enforce morality, they enforce "human rights"
Another question:
but scalia was right, all laws are based on morality
They will instead applaud you and idolize you for how much you have improved
what on earth
we ban murder because we think its immoral
it used to be frenselp
Leftists say every human has inhereted value
What about inflation?
similarly, we can have moral feelings against homosexuality
Like Ben Carson's story about trying to hit his mom with a hammer
It is something to boast about - how much he has improved
liberals care about past sins too
if you're a sex offender, you're dead to most of them
Omg I'm on phone but someone add DavidHasselhof's quote
On inflation for human value
I am saving it
That argument just never made sense to me
.quote add 10:22:52 <DavidHasselhof> Leftists say every human has inhereted value 10:22:57 <DavidHasselhof> What about inflation?
What about basic economic law
There we go
Works too
Not necessarily filozof
You just have to show repentance
Look at how long they kept rushing to Hugo Schwyzer's defense
well true, left wingers are generally more forgiving than right wingers
just look at sweden
i find that the people that left wingers forgive the less are their political enemies
Yeah
because they're the opposing trive
tribe*
Yup
scott alexander pointed it out
when bin laden died, they were like "we cant celebrate the death of another human"
Leftists don't like having consequences for their actions
but when thatcher died, they were all celebrating
So they are inherently against punishing past mistakes
the problem is, having made past mistakes makes you more likely to commit them in the future
so people should be judged for that
Madscilove is surprisingly typical in wanting to rehabilitate criminals with no concern for punishment.
madscilove isn't that leftist though, is she?
Filozof it is also necessary for deterrance
i agree, we punish crimes in order to prevent them
Punishing people who make mistakes will make future people think twice
it's interesting how some people don't see that
It is like fat shaming
fat shaming isn't about making a fat person become thin but about keeping others from becoming fat
yeah fat shaming makes fat people thinner and prevents people from getting fat
it works both ways actually
Yeah but the utility is less for already fat people
it's about both
Because some of them get depressed and drown their sorrows in tubs of ice cream
yeah, but if you feel shitty when you're fat
Whereas thin people go "omg whatever I do I'm not gonna become fat"
you're more motivated to lose weight
not always filozof
i don't believe in the "shaming fat people makes them worse" thing
it does for some
its on them
but it still isnt always motivating
i don't understand the whole "we should rehabilitate, not punish" thing
since when can everybody be rehabilitated?
they cant all
punishing also works with rehabilitation, it makes them think twice before doing it next time
It is blank slatism
the real reason indians shouldn't be allowed to immigrate:  https://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/comments/41ju8j/help_my_downstairs_neighbors_keep_cooking_with/
Assumes people do what they have been programmed to
Not what is in their self interest
Hence the "teach men not to rape"
programming has some impact
but lots of what we do is determined genetically
teaching men not to rape makes sense
leftists are very dangerous when they deny that
it's amazing to me that left wingers deny the fact that men are natural rapists
they think that mens natural drive to sex is same as in women
it's interesting to me how in r/gendercritical, which is a 2nd wave anti-trans sex-negative place
....
they are more likely to bash muslims
It seems to me that superlefty feminists all believe men are rapists that need to be taught not to rape
yeah Lonny
most mainstream 3rd wave feminists oppose the idea that men are inclined to rape
....
what filozof? but lots of what we do is determined genetically
they think men are the same as women
That may be true, but we are all equal.
and they boast that they are being pro-male when they deny that men are sex-obsessed
AHALM
All humans are like me
what Lonny_Z ?
its the opposit of terps thenb
who ascribe male sex drives to women
terpers dont "ascribe male sex drives to women"
where did you get that idea from?
its the feminists who say that women are as sexual as men
all that cock carouselling the talk about it
With the idea that men need to be taught not to rape it implies that feminists believe all men are potential rapists
and that women are repressed sexually
They ascribe male motivations onto women
Here I randomly made a TL;DR for PPD https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41hl3o/idea_find_an_accredited_evolutionary_physiologist/cz2sood
because women do go on cock carousel
this has nothing to do with saying that women have male sexuality
>Lonny_Z> With the idea that men need to be taught not to rape it implies that feminists believe all men are potential rapists
E.g. they assume women care more about sex so the AF is more important to them than the BB
terpers realize that women have different sexuality than men, thats why they talk about the cc
Nope it implies that we live in a rape culture which teaches men to rape
They are the same as women, so it must be cultural
exactly DavidHasselhof 
Their thought process behind "teach men not to rape" screams of stupidity
Women care about the bb more than the AF, it is just that men value sex son the bb isn't rewarded the way he would want
White men
Not men
SerNemesis: i think women realize that both bb and af are important to women
and women are more likely to use the af when theyre younger
and settle down for a bb
Yeah fuck em
:P
Right but they think they're rewarding the bb with their commitment
And all the AF got was sex
Wooo
Commitment
Exciting
Oh wait
Ikr
people say "she will settle down for you, so you win in the end!"
Lol
yeah sure
Exactly filozof
that's why you want a young virgin wife
unspoiled by alpha cocks
Yup
and the expectations from them
Or be alpha
yes, being alpha is better
but hard to achieve for many
This sounds as I missed out so  fuck you women
that's why you go for sigma, less work, same reward - more efficancy
I dont get that
Not fuck you women
Fuck you women who gave your best to alphas
And want to give me your leftovers
Sounds like revenge to me haha
Sure
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41gfmk/cmvprediction_hillary_clinton_will_win_the/cz28cth
Not that I have a problem with it
Its all fair imo
Though it isn't so much about revenge as not wanting to reward her
I'm not seeking a sense of satisfaction in seeing her plight
If she can settle down with an alpha good for her
But I'm not gonna be that chump
u/guitarsAreGettingOld described how humiliating it was for some guy at the bar to smirk at him while he was on a date
how his date told him that that guy was just a fuck buddy
oh my god
and she'd break it off with that fuck buddy
She better give me what she gave the alpha
a nice girl
meanwhile making u/Guitars jump through hoops
Which she cant
Unless she is an aging single mother who let's me.fuck her prime aged daughter
Lol
That is the iron rule of tomassi 3 or so
IMO that's wrong
that imo is an insult to any dude, beta or alpha
I don't think so
Lol fiat_ 
Add that women are solipsistic and you have: She wants to give him commitment, something she values highly and thinks he does too. She thinks she gives him more than the fuck buddy. + She doesn't care about fucking it up with mr fuck buddy but with guitars.
That is a compliment, guys just don't want it.
http://imgur.com/57pY7UI
awwwww
what a cute little aquarium
I think it just appears that way to dudes foat
Fiat*
She probably hamsters that she wants to know the guy first before she gets pumped and dumped
So people really go on dates?
i'm not saying how the girl was actually thinking
That's a thing?
BeyondTheLight: i didn't say anything about how the woman was actually thinking
i am just saying how humiliating it was for Guitars
O I know 
and how humiliating it would be for most dudes
who knows what the woman is thinking
People don't meet each other while out, do pistol fingers, make out, fuck, meet again at her place?
i would probably hit the women who did that to me
lol
at the very least i would break it off immediately
Women suck at flirting
Lol DavidHasselhof you mean just fucking sure
But the whole ltr thing
fucking doesn"t happen unless I'm involved
what? just fucking sure?
That requires "knowing" each other
Just fucking, sure.
ahh
I mean that fucking leads to dating/ltr
not the other way around
that seems like an unnecessary hassle
DavidHasselhof++
Thats how it happens in college DavidHasselhof 
ahh
Older people do the whole dating thing first
so post wall you got 2 date?
the way women would understand is if it were gender inverted
Pretty much lok
The dude puts a ton of effort into past GFs
serenades them, invests in them
Mostly post college 
writes songs and shit
Say beyond 23 
and then for the current gf just loses all that passion
doesn't bother doing much besides fucking her
gives her no comfort
the girl in that position would understand how men feel about being the BB
it's as if guy loved some women but wasn't sexually attracted to them, and then was only sexually attracted to the next one
sure fiat and think about it from the guys perspective, he was stupid and blew through tons of money and wasted all this time and girls didn't like it 
and now he's supposed to....not stop doing that
ever
Fiat there was a story about that
lol
you have to keep wasting your money forever now and being a cringefest
that's what telling a girl that she has to keep being a slut is like 
exactly, witzie 
i a girl used to give dudes sex without commitment, she has to do it for me
in terms of getting a good relationship
witzie++
otherwise she disrespects me
but now, witzie consider the female version of /u/guitars
i have rosebushes
yay
she's on a date with a guy, the dude is barely spending effort on her
but the dude is still doing beta shit for some other girl
that's unnaceptable 
but there's a middle ground 
he says he'll cut it out if she starts fucking him and goes exclusive
10:57:57 <@witzie> and now he's supposed to....not stop doing that
There is no supposed to
it's just a tough situation for everyone
most girls would be understanding of a guy who used to waste all his money growing up and being frugal
I would
there is "supposed to" in the sense that you should keep doing that or you disrespect people
most guys are understanding that women have higher standards for LTR 
in the real world
that's life
dude made a big mistake by being a dumber beta, wasting resources on gold diggers or flighty girls
Money isn't a big deal
It is the commitment
women have "higher standards" for LTR?
in what sense?
The effort put into courting her
any woman who ned smoney spent on her is a mistres and  non wife material anyway imo
this is th emistake men keep making
if she needs a lavish wedding
Right
and fancy things
for the sake of things
money is a common proxy for commitment
the mistake TRP makes tho
to get a good career?
is to think women WANTED commitment from every schmuck she banged
ah
filozof: lower standards for physicality, more varied standards over all, maybe
women project
Trp doesn't care thoug
an dsee bestowing their commitment as the thing of value
"The bad boy is not relationship material, but fun for a night"
not sex
She fucked them
right
i get that
theyre wrong about the reasoning tho
Right
i actually dont think rpers make that mistake
they don't assume women wanted commitment from cads
But the reasoning is a lot more charitable imo
they're pissed that cads don't have to work as hard for sex
women dont think theyre giving man some big gift by banging them
they want to get laid
Fiat++
that too fiat yeh
then just be pissed
11:04 AM <AtlasB> women dont think theyre giving man some big gift by banging them <--- all the more offensive to the beta rpers
stop making up fake reasons
working for sex HAH
they're not even getting this "small gift"
thats where RP goes off the rails
just pay a hooker, no work involved
Right fiat
its not a gift
sex wasnt somethign i GAVE men
it was something i got for MYSELF
Yup RedManBearPig 
Just the easy way.
RP thinks women dont want to have sex
it goes hand in hand with people wanting "love marriages"
They just dont want to ahve sex with THEM.
"i want to be loved for meee"
god
who else things AtlasB is totes solipoli?
it's depressing to people not to being "genuinely desired"
we had wars to kill the moff
now we have to deal with the incel whining
Lol DavidHasselhof I just think she likes sex
i mean sometimes i wanted the guy to call
if he was really cute
lol
but most of the time i wa sjust gettin laid
and if they called that was nic emaybe id see them again
for a couple weeks or whatever
and sometimes it became a BF
and that wa slife
it was all about me thoi
it goes hand in hand with the popularity of "love marriages", AtlasB 
if men didn't screen for sluttiness and discount women giving it to them for free women wouldn't be incentivized to get you emotionally invested first
it's disgusting for guys to think about giving commitment for pity/duty sex
so you get what you incentivize
yup
those guys think they're just getting once a week duty sex
while women were giving it away to cads
just because they wanted sex
duty sex is the best sex
cads were the ones being actually desired
and yet the women who give it to you enthusiastically, are looked down upon and kicked to the curb 
so what are you screening for?
11:08:29 <@witzie> if men didn't screen for sluttiness and discount women giving it to them for free women wouldn't be incentivized to get you emotionally invested first
yup
catch 22
Sure
Alright.
I'm screening for big titties baby
lololol
Hence why we are not incentivising it anymore
RedManBearPig++
no duty sex sucls
sucks
By demanding sex from the get go
This is one of those chicken or eggs things
I once had it, it was our anniversary and she thought she had to put out, worst sex ever. I told her to never do that again.
Lol DavidHasselhof 
Something is missing, I think it was shortly before her period and she had cramps
but still pushed herself through it
nah witzie; it's not a catch 22. it's just very rare or impossible for some guys
sluts just like sex
most beta males want the woman to only be sluts for them
And that is silly
The hot chick isnt going to wait for you
sure it is, but that's what i see
Sluts are pretty selective
well yeah that's obvious, but people's desires aren't exactly rational
She doesnt even know who you are and in what form you come
It seems silly.
http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-35342658
indiscriminate sluttiness isn't special
this is silly
Betas don't expect hot chicks though
I mean hell no girl is waiting just for you
She doesnt know you. 
Just like it is up to you to do whatever you want
But both parties wont trust each other
 it's politically unacceptable to imagine that individual slaves could have been happy on any given occasion
It is a holdover from when people did wait till engagement
Right witzie
Some people would rather be in jail and provided for then have a struggling life outside
You guys want the whole arranged marriage thing.
But then they get offended at the suggestion that rapr victims tend to be traumatised
Narvalt
obviously an educated talented slave with status would be proud of his skills and accomplishments
Lol who cares about rape  victims
but how dare anyone say that
I dont see how this is relevant
he must have cried 24/7
BeyondTheLight: BP a lot
Aside from the fact that some bpers might cry
And fuck those whiny bitches
Btl did you miss the whole discussion at trp lol
Pod
Let them compare rape victims to pokemon
Ppd
Gah
Hahaha
Okay yeah you saw it
https://i.imgur.com/48sSjZO.jpg
black women age so well
thats 26 years later
Hell I was the first to link it SerNemesis 
BP compared them?
Not bad witzie 
Witzie I think darker skin ages better
witzie>  it's politically unacceptable to imagine that individual slaves could have been happy on any given occasion
witzie: which one is before?
Yeah the bf was compared to the pokemon trainer 
this is a huge part of gone with the wind
the slaves who stayed with their families
And some kind of eevee shit was compared to the rape victim drok
it's a matter of pride
i need to get a black wife
It made so little sense.
so she'll be hot when she's old
 They had no place else to go Atlas
Of course they stayed
lots ran off
to the shanty towns
What skillset did they have
most
only a few house slaves stayed
well that was the hideous insane short sightedness
of the whole endeavor
Right the house slaves stayed
they had no plans for the freed slaves at all
40 acres and a mule!
Didn't they?
Education and all that
It is weird that someone would write that George Washington slave book for kids
Why?
I watched that movie about Ruby bridges, the first little girl to integrate school down south or whatever
Really weird
and it showed how terribly racist white people were, very sad etc 
but the black community itself looked really nice 
I don't think that was supposed to be the takeaway lol 
you know dutch jail is pretty livable. You get free playstations and xboxes and shit
phones, a nice bed, a TV
a free workout room
lol witz
they all had houses, they all lived in the black neighborhood and the dads and kids all played baseball in the neighborhood field, they had their own little grocery stores and barber shops and it looked like they had fun all day
yup
black businesses
black schools
yeah
black lawyers drs preachers
the white ppl sucked but they seemed to do fine anyway
they all had little houses 
intact families
grandparents sitting on the porch
affirmative action and housing desegregation destroyed all that
look up black wall street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZgnDbSQ4Io
here's the movie I think
witz black neighborhoods were like that wheni wa sa kid
that whole neighborhood around my parents
where will smith grew up
the little girls are so cute 
was middle class with dads who had jobs
i rode my bike there
no one would have worried
now you would
well its obvious the money bounced around the community 
5, 6, 7 times before bleeding out
the riots had a lot to do with that
after the riots no one rebuilt biz
in the poorer areas
what happened to the black community that devastated it?
what riots?
the civil rights act of 1964
the riots of the late 60s witz
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41k2i0/cmv_the_pussy_fairy_isnt_real/cz2xvxk
devastated a lot of black communities
welfare destroyed the black community
like a wildfire
almost over night
read the moynihan report
and losing ground by charles murray
every social metric was rising
for blacks
until 1964
Yeah blacks were fucking classy back then
they married at a slightly higher rate than whites
they ad their problems
Yup RedManBearPig our prisons are pretty liveable
and were a big part of the underclass
but their were black MEN
blakc plumbers
carpenters
the whol eblack workign class disappeared
yale or jail
Lol
'struth
Yale or jail
Who made that 
Fuckint brilliant
not melol
maybe thomas sowell?
the only "middle" for blacks in philly
Shame haha
is governemtn work
school admin
in a black run majority black city
black women work in healthcare
black men are vanished
its a tragedy
my black neighbors growing up were liek the cleavers
Tis all good AtlasB 
cop dad stay at home mom
Ee have gangsta rap now!
An entire tribe was destroyed
By the liberals
yes
the liberal planmtation
and stefan molyneux can't see that as being sad 
they started experiementing on native americans first
then black
swhites resisted longest
but eventually have succumbed
and now have the same dysfunctions
in the the lower caste
thats why theo dalrymples book life at thebottom is so revealing
people blame the jews for all that lol
its only about the white Chav welfare caste in UL
UK
fucking jews
http://www.city-journal.org/story.php?id=1371
I wonder whether the liberals will do the same to asians
Will the liberals defeat the evil Asian mothers?
it's not all deliberate. Just the fact that people are now more mobile
asians vote democrat way more than white people do 
you fuckers
thats why asian immigration is bad
Only cause the republicans are so bad at pr
contributes to this problem of brain drain
it amazes me how obvious these things are
problems with human capital flight
how it ruins communities like black ones
like we're discussing here
and yet people never acknolwedge the problems that can come with 
neoliberalism
http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-swing-the-election/
look what would happen if white people just move a tiny bit to the right 
all the nonwhite votes in the country won't matter even if they go 100% left 100% turnout
because americans are too used to thinking that capitalism/free trade/open borders
is perfect
The democrats accuse the republicans of being racist and what do the Republicans say?
Nothing. They're too busy trying to stop abortion.
too busy trying to save black babies from being killed
lol
Fiat I don't think the brain drain is a problem created by the west though
i didn't say it was
Smart people go to the west cause they can't thrive back home
i was commenting how these things are so obvious to us,
and yuou guys were just discussing how it ruined black communities
Right
and most people can intuitively figure this out
but are just clueless as to why some countries worry
While liberals just don't understand second order consequences
about "freedom"
hell our founding fathers talked about this stuff, hamilton especialyl talked about economic consequences
The nation will always be 50-50
but i think it jsut has to do with propaganda. maybe legacy of the cold war
If one party starts dominating the other one will shift to recapture moderates
Yeah fiat
Much freedoms
Right, I remember BeyondTheLight
AtlasB: I hypothesize that punishing the son for the sins of the father arose due to group gene-cultural coevolution
witzie why talking about stefan molyneux now. been watching his youtube vids or something?
Those cultures that punished entire lineages for individual sins removed those individuals that were harmful to the tribe from the gene pool
I was stuck driving the car for hours so I put them on fiat
By hampering the reproductive success of the individual and his descendants
i don't understand stefan molyneux
And then those cultures were successful and spread better than others
honestly he sounds like the kind of guy that appreciates sniffing his own flatulence
yeah fiat
but maybe it's just because of one vid i was linked to
no thats the impression I get
lol
Yup fiat
Same
Hey y'all
sup chasing
have the statues co-operated today?
BenGunnSilver is one big WAT: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41epy6/why_women_dont_like_low_ncount_or_virgin_males/cz2jqh9
Oh they always do
Lonny you missed my beuatiful comment about Ben
I will repeat it
Ben has put his ex's pussy on a pedastal to high it is suffering from oxygen deprivation
What's new with you susan?
not much
except I gonna play mincraft son
I think thats the newest thing
I'm deep into oblivion
Elder scrolls
ooh
my bf is playing The Witcher now
so between that and Fallout
Aaah lol
I will be surprised if I see him
My bf loves fallout
J bought a playstation 4 just to play it
We play next to each other, me on my laptop and him on the Xbox
Lonny_Z: bengunn is such an alpha widower
yeah I do that too
I used to play marvel avengers on facebook
Do you guys find mutual things to listen to?
but I guess now I will play minecraft
no
he listens to the game music
Ah
and I watch tv in the corner
that is beyond alphawidowing
of my screen
never seen a guy be like "10s ONLY_
We like playing podcasts or something so that we can share something together while we're doing our separate things
Lonny_Z did you see my comment?
oh chasing
that is a good idea
I shoudl find some we will like
where susandeath ?
susandeath> Ben has put his ex's pussy on a pedastal to high it is suffering from oxygen deprivation
this one
We just listened to Charlie Kaufman's radio play, Hope Leaves the Theater, last night, it was so bizarre and awesome
oh yeah, how did he take it?
AtlasB, I watched Anomalisa the other day, your favorite actress is in it
Lonny_Z: he can't be serious
She's perfect
yeah, I am starting to believe he is a troll or a catfish
how does someone look like a young Harrison Ford or Keanu Reeves at once?
no lonny I just made the comment here
i wonder what scale he's using for the 10/10 rating
chasing that radio play sounds good
certainly not a fiat-drok or even a SerN-BTL scale
apparently he lives in a building full of models
or something
he is a liar
slippery catfish
what do you think of this woman's face AtlasB : https://www.instagram.com/lauriepenny/
Man I'm still in a state of disbelief that the boy scouts is allowing gheys into leadership
dude fiat man
why SerNemesis?
sern-btl is the better scale
Are we blowing the immigrant rape epidemic out of proportion?
gay does not equal pedo
SerNemesis gets it
Lonny_Z:
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41epy6/why_women_dont_like_low_ncount_or_virgin_males/cz31sge
Isn't the real reason to oppose refugees because...they aren't our problem?
lmao blowing "sorry about your face"
I feel like it is a matter of time before that ban your alt
Lol wouldn't be the first
oh that was you alt.
11:56:17 <+susandeath> why SerNemesis?
makes sense for PemBayLiss's archnemesis
I still need to make TheUltimatePad alt
Because it is a crazy idea
can you say why?
like gay men probably need to know knots later on
and stuff
blowing you are my hero
DG69++
Not gay boy scouts
Gay adult troop leaders
i think it's the assumption that they'll molest the boys
that being said i'm not sure how much that'll matter
the molestors aren't going to be honest about it anyway
That's dumb
This helps them have cover
The openly gay ones will be watched harder
That won't give them more opportunities to touch, but far less actually
that's what i assumed blowing but who knows. i think some parents are worried that this open acceptance of homosexuality will encourage those leaders to in turn
encourage kids to become more gay themselves? I dunno
maybe not touch, but "groom"
It'll encourage more parents to chaperone jamborees
you know the feared narrative
I do
who wants their straight kid affecting gay mannerisms?
a few cracks in the dam and soon you'll get a flood
By the way
I dont think gay boy scout leaders will have gay mannerisms
like homosexual marriage leading to pedosexual marriage
12:01:15 <+fiat> maybe not touch, but "groom"
The only child molestation in my Catholic Church growing up was to girls. So narratives can be wrong.
Yeah
I think they will be hearty outdorsy kinds
think lumberjacks
AtlasB did you see any of this, watch the first minute or so if convenient
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZgnDbSQ4Io
Like bears
doesn't it look nice?
but catholic churches have reputation for molesting boys too
12:02:35 <blowing> The only child molestation in my Catholic Church growing up was to girls. So narratives can be wrong.
Like this guy
susandeath: yeah, but they had those before this open acceptance. i think people worry that open acceptance of gay leadership
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/xevoiJUh/IMG_1333.JPG
will open the floodgates to flamers
not just those "rugged masculine gay" types
This is why you shouldn't have male leaders of girl scouts either
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZa26_esLBE
they will be like this
12:03:25 <blowing> https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/xevoiJUh/IMG_1333.JPG
lumber jacks!@
Ewwwwww
Lolol
Nsfl tag please
i don't worry that much myself, but i totally understand why some parents would
What is the bot doing?
SerNemesis:
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/mDDLByk7/IMG_1334.JPG
I don't see why any rightwing people fear legalized pederasty
i don't worry because if i had sons i'd hire prostitutes for every son that hasn't had a gf by 18
That'll be my grooming
You know it was news to me that atheists and agnostics were banned from scouting
I'm sure a 500 USD prostitute would do well
Fiat++
clearly, feminists are going to be fighting to raise the age of consent to 21 soon enough
What race will the hookers be fiat?
lolol that SNL sketch was SO funny
did you ever see it?
That's a really good question blowing. 
Yeah
Blowing++
depends on what a good business language will be in the future, blowing
AtlasB: I only vaguely remember it
i'm a practical man
All races
Gotta give them experience with the whole rainbow
If, suppose I do a lot of business between USA and korea, I'd pick a korean prostitute
witz watch rac emovies from the 30s
if between USA and germany, then a german one
that hollywood made for blakc ppl
i think that's how it'd go
not cabin in the sky, though you should watch that too, and green pastures
did you watch that opening?
My fantasy is to have a harem of prime ageds
At least one from each race
With each hair color
A red haired black girl?
redbone
witz yeh
No I mean one from each race plus enough that ibcover all the hair colors with my harem
you want a black one Sern?
maybe he means high yellow
But if you have every hair color on every race that's more primes
Are we including Hispanic as a race or is that a branch of white?
Why are you turning away primes SerNemesis
hispanics are indian
feather
not dot
they arent white
Casino not gas station?
unless theyre some of the almost pure spanish ones
my H call snative americans mexicans lol
it craccks meup
Hahaha
like if hes describing dances with wolves
"and then he went and lived with those nice mexicans"
i mean, well, they are
He's not wrong
AtlasB: switched from calling them aztec masks to apocalyptos
yeh lol
SerNemesis:
apocalyptos
best movie
witz you have to see that
its so good
youll love it
apocalyptos is such a badass name for a race
it is right
?
lol
i got that from myh of course
AtlasB: I watched Anomalisa the other night and your girl is in it
when hes describing somethign from the movie
JJL
Sooooo good
nevah hoid of it
shes great tho
best actress
It's Charlie Kaufman
whut
is it new
is it on netflix
Yeah, not out yet
oo goody gumdrops
I watched it on putlocker
what is apocalyptos about AtlasB ?
you saw the one with sam rockwell
It's stop motion animation
omg witzie
itsSO good!!
you liek it
lol
Anything with Sam Rockwell will be good
this forest village of inmdians
is attacked as captives
its liek a mix of aztecs and mayans
and taken to be sacrificial victims
but the star one escapes
and they chase him
but its so good
so well done
and you lov ehim
and really care about him
and the acting is good
 Oh the Mel Gibson movie?
i dont htink any of them are actors
yes
its gorgeous liek a werner herzog film
influenced by "naked prey"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngWBddVNVZs
we watched it like 20 times
I remember when that was on tv but I didn't watch it
omg oimg
so good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngWBddVNVZs
I have to add it to my list, it's endless I tell you lol
yeah I want to see that
is it on netflix? 
AtlasB: we should make a ppd movie/show google spreadsheet and throw it in the topic info
omg id list 100s
lol
because I keep seeing stuff mentioned that I'm interested in but I'll forget about it by the time I finish the office
i put everything i could on your netflix q
but some will get taken off
i know all the good adventure movies
it has style. i'll add it to bucket list
but apocalyto is just of such high quality
i keep saying i'll watch movies/shows suggested, but i haven't had time
he emulated the mayan scrolls
for the townspeople
like perfectly
i started watching Jessica Jones just because it was suggested here, but i didn't get much from it
you fel liek youre there
especially if you knwo about mayans and aztecs
Talk less, smile more
feh jessica jones
and there shall be peace on earth
watch my moivies
watch man who would be king
and mountains of the moon
and black robe
fitzcarraldo
and the mission
oh yeah, you suggested man who would be king before. i just forgot the title
omg please watch it
before i die
do you want mem to die?
you all want me to die!
lol
die quietly pls
guilt guilt guilt
AtlasB dont die yet
I havent seen GWTW
you have to live
lol
3:24 PM <susandeath> I havent seen GWTW
Wat?
not yet
its on my list
blowing she looks like u a bit
I like the movie spreadsheet idea
me too
I'd put Anomalisa on there omg that movies been haunting me for days
I have a list though
Of course she does Jack4ss that's my mom
every time ATlas says one
all jaguar paw is thinking about is getting home to his pg wife and son
the whole time
it goes on my list
you just LOVE him
hes so endearing
the last AtlasB movie i saw was The Savage is Loose
mine was Zardoz
without spoiling: it didn't end how you described it though
For some reason that title made me think of some old movie I saw ages ago about a caveman that was found frozen and de-thawed and then kept in observation
Anyone know what I'm talking about?
He gets loose at the end
i haven't seen GWTW
is it that one with Brendan Frasier
FirionDarklight: adult braces girl hooked up last night. Braces stayed on.
but i haven't seen almost any movie
Encino Man?
what adult braces girl?
Encino Man?
From the girls weekend
Lol no
I just got back to town
ah, irc server lag for me. repeated what susandeath said
Like scientists find him, it's more serious
filozof: you missed it
I'll look it up when I can remember the main actor in it
oh serious chasing
why are the villains always so fanciable =/
yeah i probably missed it
I dont know that one
im sick of fancying the baddies in films
I was posting about CC riders trying and succeeding at blowing the bartender at my friends bridal shower
fiat it doesnt?
thats like a 30 yr old memory
Baddies are just more interesting that the heroes, is the problem
no. i'll pm, so i don't spoil
chasingstatues - truee
3:29 PM <Katniss_Granger> im sick of fancying the baddies in films
ok anyway  you should all talk about boring stuff now
so I can sleep
Because everyone in those good guy/bad guy movies are boring anyway
Like Loki?
oh the whol efilms on youtube
did you post photos blowing ?
hahah
Mmmmmm Loki
have a good one guyes
definitely like loki
hnng
I posted some in girl chat filozof
im actually crushing on hannibal in the tv series now
wtf is this
So since everyone is boring, the bad guy is by default most interesting
yeah makes sense
AtlasB: they played the newly wed game and if i had your number I would have conferenced you in to hear the answers
You would have died
hahahah
Anyone see that ppd thread about are autistic behaviors unattractive?
oh no
chasing yes
lol
i was like ar eyou kidding
AtlasB https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/6SiAMem4/IMG_1312.JPG
Yes, Sheldon from Big Bang Theory is so hawt
lol blowing
AtlasB: my girlfriend answered who wears the pants with "ME" and then drunkenly announced at the table that her soon to be H was lazy.
oh god him
god help him
Oh shit
And in front of him she tells me "we are trying to get him in shape I mean he's really let go"
Was he there?
I was like STAAAAHP
Oooh
he wasn't at the party but he was there for her calling him fat to me
what a beta
how can he marry that girl
What's it's call when you don't ragequit
What a bitch
But you kind of just whine a lot on your way out?
The poor guy looked like he was going to his happy place when she did that to him
" <chasingstatues> Yes, Sheldon from Big Bang Theory is so hawt"
what?
jeez what an image https://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video/CZB0NarWYAApIl3.mp4 china crawling up in ur beezness
Joking
Lol
If there isn't a word
Make one
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/40zn48/never_argue_with_a_cult/
In response to the, is autism not hot thread
the chinese jump from 2008 to 2011 is interesting Frensel 
sounds like china will dominate the world soon
Annoyingly whine out of a job while quitting drok ?
No like what BPers do
wub was such an idiot all the time
not a single good argument
When they literally can't even bloop anymore cause terp is too terp
I think at one point he wrote soemithng like "even after making good points, which I usually do" and I broke out in laughter
Hahaha
I would have too if I read that
Wub has lvled down
BP is linking up a storm and brigade recently
Shame
Bp the cult
I was thinking about calling out BBS
Argues against cults
But it really wouldn't serve any purpose
its ludicrous to call an online community a cult
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40zltb/men_are_by_some_distance_the_majority/_
Can we call for impeachment DavidHasselhof
I am shocked that his superior arguments didn't convince us
Upon googling synonyms for quitting, I've deciding to bring back Audi 5000x
Ignore the x
Replace her with a normal BPer
the only possibility is that we are a cult
I'm off like a prom dress in May
Why don't you make like a baby and head out?
wub made pretty misandristic arguments
>The Biological Basis for Male Delinquency / Violence (ie. NON-SOCIETAL REASONS!)
that one
was totes misognystic
wub is a woman or a man?
I responded to it: He argued that males evolved differently than women. Oh the endless implications.
A man
i think it was a woman
must have been an ugly men
he debated like all incels
Wub is a British dude
he refused to accept that flirting is useful, like an attractive guy can't get shot down for being awkward
No, attractive guys can definitely lose points for being weird and gross.
right, it is a dude
how much of a drain do you think there is from the economy due to differing communication styles between men and women
feels like a lot
you guys*
>Well, I commend you for trying. Hopefully you've convinced some lurkers and/or fence-sitters. But I think arguing on PPD is like arguing with creationists. Nothing you say, no amount of evidence or logic or common sense will get through to them because they've already decided what they believe in, and that's that.
Weird, I see leftists the same
>no amount of evidence or logic or common sense
Ewww
i'm pretty sure redpillers would say the same about bluepillers
As if one bloopie argument ever hit TRP and not just their straw man
I do
why do you think so bardolatta ?
filozof ever had a female boss
what's your line of work
i've never had a boss
#soalpha
filozof++
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-1168182/Catfights-handbags-tears-toilets-When-producer-launched-women-TV-company-thought-shed-kissed-goodbye-conflict-.html
right, i remember that article
I got fired by a male boss when I was prime age. That negates every RP argument ever made.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40zltb/men_are_by_some_distance_the_majority/cyykww3
we should show feminists how better the world would be if women ruled it
lol
dakru owned it
I doubt that if you had a bunch of ENTJ and INTJ women running the show it would be that bad
http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2016/01/are-queens-more-warlike.html
wait, what was that bluepillers point
filozof++
why did he think that men commit the majority of assaults?
bardolatta++
what kind of dumb question is that?
>PPDBot  Cannot give karma until you receive it. lol
he was just blooping
filozof++
no he thought that RP would deny that men do that
>but if anyone dares to suggest that men are statistically more prone to physical and sexual aggression, it's lies and misandry of the highest order.
Leading question and dakru just said: Higher sex drive
how is it
ENTJ men ew
that these people do not understand humans
right blowing, infp men are the shit
Blowing--
blowing what do you have against entj men?
Dammit I didn't think that neg through
problem is that INTJ and ENTJ are rare
do we really have to explain why criminals are mostly men?
even rarer for women I think
They aren't rare in this chat fiat
i just don't understand what was the conclusion of that bluepiller's post about men being the majority of criminals
Are you INFP filozof?
this chat is a selected bunch of people blowing
DavidHasselhof: ENTJ men are arrogant
what did he try to say?
we are
i think so drok 
just suck it up blowing
Are you an artist type?
first off it takes a certain type of person to actually tolerate text mediums like IRC channels to begin with
i don't do art much
INFP is like sunnie and buartha
what is the difference between being better than the rest and being arrogant?
I am kind of an entj sheesh blowing 
more likely to be N type IMO
I am N type!!!!
S type would rather things be physical and obvious
in front of them
ENFP right blowing?
because they are more sensory
Right RedManBearPig
do you think i'm not like sunnie and buartha drok? lol
Not really haha
entj = masterrace entp = submasterrace rest = ok anything that starts with I =  what are you doing son!?
the first time i took the test, infp was the result
Drok is the best
but i'm not sure about the E part
drok: is a kind and merciful leader
DavidHasselhof++
Blowing++
Yesssssssss
i was introverted, but i'm not sure if it was caused by my social anxiety or my personality
drok is a weak leader
I could see the I
yeah you are really I filozof, no offense
it's not offensive
Maybe like INFJ?
but why do you think so?
You don't seem P type
hard to tell
I have a knack for this
because you're not that wishy washy, filozof
Jack4ss--
you're more stubborn than that
i'm not sure how much of my behavior is caused by my nature and how much by my illness
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/40zn48/never_argue_with_a_cult/cyyhk9l
you mean social anxiety?
I would love to ban him now
yeah i mean social anxiety
social anxiety is part of your nature now
Does anyoen have a responsive social drive?
not really
it can be cured
Drok show your leaderness by taking another point from Jack4ss 
Jack4ss--
drok is amogging so hard right now
lol drok calm down
Jack4ss++
petty leadership skills
.karma Jack4ss
FITE ME 1V1
Social anxiety is not really a curable thing, it's a manageable thing.
what?
you can say that again
Managed with alcohol
I saw guys with weapon fear shooting at targets in joy
i thought I was a P type because that's what the test said and I don't really organize my time and I procrastinate a lot
that's a phobia
so it would fit that I'm a P type
plus, blowing there are less ditzes in this chat
they'd be shamed out of here pretty quick
social anxiety definitely can be cured, I wasn't like that when I was little
I saw girls shaking in fear because we were about to see a corpse later investigate it and cut into it for hours
DavidHasselhof: my whole thing with this TBP is the same as when SAM did it
Ditzes fiat?
not deliberately but just the atmosphere isn't good for them
sometimes I feel less anxious and sometimes I feel more
TBP linking
Nice drok haha
SAM?
ditz, dumb people, BeyondTheLight
David you're in the medical field right?
yes
all humans are the same
sick
fiat: what do ditzes have to do with personality types?
if I had to bet I'd say the avg iq in this room is at least one std dev above the mean
everybody shits
do you think that some types are stupid?
Strategicatomicmoose/westsidemoonwalker
Whatever his current name is
personally it's interesting how almost everyone here is an N
He's been using separate names on PPD now
filozof I think certain personality types correlate to lower academic intelligence
and those who are S are usually impossible to talk to
Qh
Ah
.mbti
How much do you know about brain stuff?
no filozof this has been discussed here
S aren't difficult to talk to
they are just difficult for N types
to get along with
they get along with each other fine
yeah, I meant that they are impossible to discuss things for me
it was even brought up in the trp channel
susandeath: gets along with SN's
N's
even they are aware of it from mbti sources
.mbti
Men have bigger brain, men smart. Women small brain, they smell good.
susandeath isn't heavily S type I think
the N/S axis is really the only one that's mentioned as contentious
Dragoness and Jack4ss and essexgirl and Katniss_Granger
Are our other S
people
the other ones can get along fine
I need a specific question
the S types should never be involved in intellectual conversations
lol filozof
i dont think its just S
and you call yourself P
it seems to be S+P
or just P
i dotn know
i knwo i cant get along with ENTP
and ESTP can rarely get laong with me
I feel personally attacked
extros can get along with intros, P/J can have a pedagogic relation or designer/tester type relationship
I get along fine with dragoness imo
Oh wait im ENFP
NEVERMIND
i get along with INTP but not entp
Yeah, feeling inferior in the presence of superior beings is normal.
and even T/F can still work out feelings
as long as i have three leters in common im good
the prob with N/S at their extremes is the differences in processing info
yeh
i still dont really get what S does
AtlasB: we only have 1 letter in common and we are like third best friends
isn't overcoming an serious anxiety problem the brain growing new connections instead of erasing the old ones?
because its N
exactly blowing
intj and enfp are v compatible
enfps make me fun
because it's the n/s axis
get me in trouble
take me to parties
this is my understanding of it with my limited experience in neuroscience
i have 14 emeralds
jealous?
yes  yes you are
As far as I know about it is this: There is much old knowledge around, many docs still don't even know that we can grow new brain cells. Old ones will just disappear if they are unused for a long time
yes i am
so it would it cure itself if managed properly
It's new pathways not new cells
to me, curing social anxiety is about replacing negative experiences with positive ones
proving to myself that i'm capable
thus forming new connections to related subject matter
Cells too blowing 
Albeit at a much slower rate
unless we abuse stem cells
if you had brain cells you would know that blowing
Stem master race fiat
cells still develop blowing, neuro-plasticity is a thing but we do not know the extent yet
God I hope the people against stem cells have a stroke
I think we would get autism 
and get out of the way
Omg I was talking to David
Too many spergy braincells
I mean against stem cell research
I like ENTP not INTP
blowing is so stupid, she has brain pathways instead of braincells
I got 3 seperate you're wrong and here's why tags!
But ENFP and INFP are both nice
Make that 4
Neurogenesis - new cells
old cells die
Pathways are another topic
right
Lol she isnt stupid filozof 
She is even right
Also DavidHasselhof you can't have PPD members link to PPD from TBP and have them talk shit, and expect civil discourse when they return back to PPD
But pathways are a different story
That will never happen
right
Yeah your overlord drok commands you to abuse your power DavidHasselhof 
wub should be banned
You better listen or else
Even wazzup
No one respects him on PPD
Wazzup is funny at the very least
but we really have to preserve our BP members or it will be too red
I agree
Just ban some red ones DavidHasselhof 
That was always the issue in the past
lol
Xemnas needs a permanent break
We banned like 5 in 5 months
I think
But often TBP produces scum posters not quality
use PPD to discuss RP, not to fight with bp
Poor Xemnas
He made a thread about an argument on a different thread and the guy was like ... dude let it go.
I'm more concerned with validating non-collectivism
Which is the platform that is needed for RP
Wait
Wait a second
If you take a way the drama of fighting
Where's the fun?
I would never be more bored than watching two Reds "debate" lifting methods
Are you still in terpchat?
No :(
I got banned
Lol blowing I didn't see that thread
How'd you get banned?
it's xems own fault, if he would have prayed more often he would be tall and strong
She probably had a vagina
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41bbij/testing_for_congruence_of_value_systems_is_not_a/
I like how you'll only go with probably has vagina
I has a question: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40v42a/women_are_the_most_responsible_teenager_in_the/cyxeuaw
Like we are still on the fence whether blowing has vag or no vag
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40v42a/women_are_the_most_responsible_teenager_in_the/cyxrawq
What is there not to understand about that sentence?
chasingstatues: I got banned because first I got kicked for my name blowingroblowe and then I changed it to blowinganteros and he didn't think that was funny
I am serious DavidHasselhof just ban him
It would do him better
anteros still posts?
Than to whine all day
scapula or xem?
Xem
he will find a new outlet
Anteros in terpchat
It is still something DavidHasselhof 
He thought my name blowingroblowe was too ghey for terpchat
I already made that suggestion, the other mod said that he doesn't want to force him to go somewhere darker like dork enlightenment
Lol.
If he does then he was a loser to begin with
At least if you ban him he has a chance imo
not really
he wont get away from the screen
Drok why did you get banned?
It still be a good attempt haha
Would*
Oh y'all remember the night that terp guy wandered in here to try and get unbanned from TRP chat?
I don't know
I think it was cause I was at the World Series and they were jelly
I didn't ask
DavidHasselhof: are you redpill school
What a bunch of bitches Drok
yes
Yeah your sentences don't makes sense to me either
I thought ARS not RPS
really? Should I post in esti?
Yes drok, I just like to lie
Esti?
estonian
That's what I meant ARP
Young hot based women?
a woman that is hot, and young, and based
*ARS
Like they are located in the township of young and hot?
no, based is a word
with a meaning
What is based?
it means based
Yeah it's a verb....
Action word
Ok, google "based urban"
then click on urban dict
read what based means
Use a different word
narcissistic
Because that's not the way the vast majority of people use it
Better
Use that word
IMO
it'll get your meaning across 10 times better
hot based women
.ud based
that's a term
I prefer "hot based women"^tm
I believe you.
and no, it's not a word in eesti
But other people aren't picking it up from context
Use .ud it searched urban dictionary
Based God?
Or at least use commas DavidHasselhof
See, drok shows how it's done, when you don't understand something then you use google.
OR DONT
right
And keep fighting the good fight
hmm, that comma thing, I have it from latin
several adjectives with or without commas mean something slightly different
Well if you go back and make a sneaky edit everyone will think the other poster doesn't know how to read. So I see that as a win.
lol
Or you read it, know what based means, and think he is an idiot
I think they will know that other poster is a retard without any other context
Does hot snow fall up?
Huh?
>If you're rich and you get hoes. You're based. Simples as that.
Isn't that a flying word or so
I don't think that he invented it on the spot
but the weird thing is that scapula studies med too, but is a freaking idiot.
Your edit is on point
Better than a sneaky one
but that comment is not really important
IS YOUR DICK TOO FULL OF SYPHILLIS TO THINK
the first two are
jokes on him, I am a virgin, I can't have syphillis
Lol
Who's laughing now??????
Wait
"You are aware the reason that works is because they think you're joking, right?" <--- why is this any more relevant than whether or not an audience thinks you're joking when you imagine them naked? 
Supposing they somehow realize that you're imagining them naked.
Because, eh, my morals > your morals
Debating from a lefty standpoint is so easy
that's what i don't like about virtue ethics
they're kind of worthless without flawless mind reading devices
it's also one of the main drivers behind what a lot of people complain about wrt "feminization"
"everyone is a winner in this society"
because results don't matter as long as you tried
you had the right intentions, I read your mind, and i can tell
Wrong
Everyone is second place, nobody is a loser in this society
huge difference
well ok. that isn't important anyway. it's the thought that counts. our inner virtues and characters
because we are mind readers
stoics have it better
their ethics stem from their pursuit of virtue - abide your civil duty.
i can't side with that, esp given how often i'm being misinterpreted on ppd. a lot of people assume they've got me figured out
You follow ethics and feel better for it
yeah, it works for internal systems
but a lot of people apply it to others, and there's problems with that
we can only really try to read ourselves, not others
http://imgur.com/a/MJy7T I love this
(this = men making rings, even little ones)
Argumentation from a moral/ethical standpoint...
my last argument with a bper, i spent sincere effort, a lot of comments explaining what SMV meant; how supply demand translates to a sexual market... e.g. gender ratios
What? You objectify humans? What are you, a hitler?
and instead of gratitude she asks me why i'd think about this stuff in the first place
i must be bitter
i mean, wtf
i "get" how some spergy rpers, like me, might have compulsive tendencies to model and explain ideas; and i get how it can be misinterpreted sometimes with anger phasers
but that's a problem with a lot of virtue ethics promoters; they just have to "guess", because they're not judging actions (for which i obv didn't do anything wrong, if anything i was helping someone, and answering her questions)
they're trying to read minds and pass judgment on bad thoughts
and that's a problem when they're trying to interpret your behaviours through their own biases
bpers, like i hypothesized many times before, are "S" type thinkers
they fundamentally don't "get" neurotic type people like us
They don't get that extreme "N" types will compulsively model things
they don't think it's a compulsion, they think it's deliberate and because we're "invested" and have a chip on our shoulders
because that's what would get THEM to think like us
do you have an example of an S type calling an N type that?
filozof: I am calling "N" types neurotics
extreme "N" is neurotic
extreme "S" is shallow
I think low intelligence people tend to tell high IQ people that they overthink
overthinkers vs underthinkers
so maybe N is just high IQ
given how IQ tests are constructed
well yeah, filozof maybe it takes them more effort 
that would be likely
aren't IQ tests largely about recognizing patterns?
yes, filozof 
stupid people believe A
smart ppl believe B
and N are supposed to be all about patterns and connecting dots
pattern matching is human intelligence
really smart ppl believe A
it's one of the DISTINCT qualities of human intelligence
that would be one patters
i am   I/E   - SFP
pattern*
that artificial intelligence has trouble
matching
so that would be another argument to my theory that N are superior to S
guys I think I made a good thread
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41k2i0/cmv_the_pussy_fairy_isnt_real/cz36sra?context=3
if N have high IQ
the first good thread I've ever really made
AtlasB: sorry i didn't get that. What were you trying to say?
although MBTI tests always pretend that all types are equal
horseshoe theory applied to int?
and all have their advantages and disadvantages
stupid ppl believe A, smart ppl believe B, really smart ppl believe A
horseshoe theory is nonsense
horseshoe theory is idiotic
and describe the fervency of the beliefs
i think horseshoe theory comes from the fact that radicals have similar methods
not a convergence of beliefs
at the "extreme" ends
so fascists have similar methods to communists, etc
its another way to pretend naziism and communism are on different ends of a spectrum
but they aren't on the opposite ends in terms of believs
bingo
there you said it
can you give an example of "stupid ppl believe A, smart ppl believe B, really smart ppl believe A"?
of course thats NOT it
fiat
outside of rp, i mean
wait
i know rp has a lot of examples
scott alexander wrote about it
i think
that very low IQ people are conservative
http://lesswrong.com/lw/2pv/intellectual_hipsters_and_metacontrarianism/
average IQ people tend to be liberal
conservative/liberal/libertarian
and very high IQ people tend to be right wing again
the DE is led by some very intelligent types
KKK/race denial/HBD
climate deniers/climate changers/climate skeptics
mid IQ ppl are the worst
ok, I guess I was being stubborn, because i think "race blind" folk are about as dumb as KKK type racists
race blindness is 100-125 IQ
the dunning kruger sweet spot
I was never race blind
or gender blind
good god, up to 125? where do you get that
it was always intuitive to me
lol "dunning kruger sweet spot"
Awe. That's so thoughtful
i find CS ppl
have 125 iqs
and someones blown smoke up their asses
and told them theyre geniuses
the rpw january made camille and i cringe
when she wa sbragging about he rhigh IQ
AtlasB, the less wrong article mentions obama is a muslim..is there any evidence that you know of about that? I'm looking but mostly finding bullshit quotes out of context
well he was raised in indonesia, his father is muslim , he has said thing slike "theres nothingmore beautiful than the call to paryer"
i personally dont believe he is
eh
okay
nvm then :) 
i think he is a transnational progressive
but i think he despises xtianity like his commie mother an dgrandparents
and has a warm spot for islam
oh also
in college
that's potentially true, but it's also politically expedient to be very anti-anti-islam
at occidental and at columbia
he hung out exclusively with muslim studients
and he went to pakistan
in the 80s
but of cours ethat was as a CIA asset
i doubt obama is an honest believer
like his mom
so all circumstantial eh.
no he isnt
AtlasB: well  if she's a CS major... CS women are a bit rarer, so on top of the 125 iq there's a bit of novelty to go with it,
so he can't be a muslim
okay, thanks AtlasB . 
thats just circumstantial cake?
lolol
....yes?
raise din a muslim coutnry
had a muslim dad
hung out exclusively with muslims
and visited a barely western vistied muslim country
lol
he prob does have a soft spot for them. 
uh
ye
why wouldnt he
i dunno why that'd be hard to believe
?
soft spot != being a muslim
anyone who has lived around them would want to be soft on them
hes SMRT so hes an atheist
he has friends who are muslim and even family
hes a transnational progressive
so why woudln't he be nicer and pull punches
right, none of us said he's  a muslim himself
he never went to church in his life
til chicago
fiat, that's what I was asking though.
and he picked the most virulently anti american black power church
in chicago
I grew up in a Christian family, went to and worked at Christian schools, family members are pastors, friends are christian
right, i think it's relevant though, because the people saying "he's a muslim" are just sayign that because of the obv implication
the evidence for him being a muslim at some point isnt bad, its just not gresat
he did
that he'd side with them
NOT
grow up in a xian family
he grew up in a secular communist familyt
I've a soft spot for Christians but I'm not one.
he spent his childhood in indonesia
right cakeforallofyou the point is that the people worrying have reason to worry
anyway. Was wondering if there was any more persuasive evidence
and "having a soft spot" raises those same alarms for them
because he has a slightly higher chance of siding with them
okay, thanks fiat :)
considering the state f war we are in with islam
its not a silly concern
yeah, i understand
i personally don't fear it, just explaining whhy it's not entirely irrational for them to go along with this Obama/islam link
theres jus tno evidence hes a practicing muslim
was just worried that I had missed something crucial.
so wouldn't it be likely that obama was elected just because CIA wanted him?
maybe! The CIA are scary.
theres no doubt in my mind
my uncle was in the CIA/USIA
you don't think a lot of people were disillusioned w the previous government?
theres no dout in my mind that obama and his mother were both assets
AtlasB, snap, my grandparents were
cake thats not what happened tho
isn't it?
he stole the  nomination from hillary
not the election
with ACORN
oh, I see.
your grandparent swere in the CIA?
yep.
ar eyou orginally american?
my mother is.
both of them were?
yup.
the nomination was hillarys
it was her year
obama and ACORN and the non DNC hard left
it was a surprising shift.
stole it from her
no it wasnt
it was outright fraud
I was surprised
fraud is surprising :P
the shenanigans with the voting
engineered by ACORN
whats acorn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_of_Community_Organizations_for_Reform_Now filozof 
they control voter registration in most of th emajor cities
and engage in all the inner city ward fraud
i wa son a legal team
ooh
in the samm katz/ john street mayoral election
in philly
and the fraud and acorns presence was astounding
i didn't realise you were legal, AtlasB :)
that's really interesting.
im a licensed attorney on retired status
us politics is something I really don't know enough about.
awesome.
i dotn practce
still very cool :D
thats why hillary is so lame now
shes too old
that was her year
she got fucked
by the non DNC wing
yeah
the wing that wants bernie
that wante dmcgovern
and adlai stevenson
the gramscian wing
obama was their great victory at long last
thats why there was a religious aura to his presidency
the transnational leftists of State and the executive branch were united
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41hwqc/ex_and_i_are_very_close_but_too_close_how_can_i/ this thread, omg
OP is damaging herself and stringing along the guy
why do some of these posts requir eso many long
detailed answers
"cut all contact, now"
Hm
thats it
theres no othe ranswer
no amount of paragraphs saying the same thing
Same reason people always ask how to 'recover' from break-ups
AtlasB 
witzie
honest question 
The "nagging" thread was BS
yes
too
how did this totally decent looking guy's genes
create this
http://images.closerweekly.com/uploads/images/file/28258/david-bowie-duncan-jones.jpg?fit=crop&w=720
lolol
he inherited his teeth
who was the mother?
oh
angie
he looks like her
http://www.thatericalper.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/tumblr_mz2w7muyIj1r4g95fo1_1280.jpg
http://www.1meee.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Angela-Bowie-2016.jpg
look at this perfect face
i know
but angie was kinda gross
look at the son again!
it's a freak of nature
he looks like angie thats all
whta if my kids are that ugly
and bowies teeth
fiat poopinmybutt is weird
lol how could they be with you and SP?
lol
i benned him from RPW
>If you think you can fool instincts like that, you're delusional.
e wa snot happy
DavidHasselhof: he thinks people instinctively can figure out if you are imagining them naked
as if nobody ever gets manipulated, no wait, everyone all the time gets manipulated
heredity is amazing
i think that son wouldnt look bad
he relaly looks exactly like angie
and he instinctively figured out that you did not know what he was talkign about
despite giving no indication either way
if he shaved or something
instincts. they work like that.
he should groom better
http://media2.fdncms.com/sfweekly/imager/angie-bowie-tells-us-everything/u/big/2655728/tom_kelley_david_and_angie_bowie.jpg
i was originally going to give my moron-of-the-day award to energyvolley but it looks like someone is fighting hard to claim that title from him
he has her nose
look at bowie though!!! http://pastdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/David-Bowie-1971-2-resize.jpg
energyvolley is dstoo level dumb
nah
he wa sbeautiful
that's not possible
brit isles gracile pseudofeminization
http://www.davidbowie.com/sites/g/files/g2000002506/f/201301/duncan_jones_and_dad_sundance_600sq_0.jpg
he has masculine jaw and head
its like a different species
he is fat
that's his problem
he looks liek angie
thats his problem
http://media2.fdncms.com/sfweekly/imager/angie-bowie-tells-us-everything/u/big/2655728/tom_kelley_david_and_angie_bowie.jpg     she was not pretty
he has some of the best genes in the world 
and ends up like that
talk about bad luck
WingN kinda makes me want to submit a post that just says "Stop complicating things. Smile more, talk less, and listen"
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/08/12/article-2024724-0D64C01C00000578-224_306x498.jpg
look how perfect bowie's face was at the age duncan is now
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/12/10/article-2245851-16720F33000005DC-56_634x669.jpg
I guess you can see it here
she has a bad face and baby has it too
lol he married an asian woman, look SerNemesis 
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/12/10/article-2245851-1671F4E8000005DC-781_634x542.jpg
AtlasB: that meta contrarian article is good
It should be a PPD post
Filthy race traitor
can you blame her, its david bowies son 
just her luck that the on of one of the best looking men on earth, is one of the worst looking men on earth
That would be helpful lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41lcwn/are_women_unfunny/cz38lgd
he is just completely skinnyfat
and needs grooming
lol he is not one of the worst looking men on earth!
Lol witzie 
lol witzie you just proved the OPs question
shhhh SexyMcSexington 
:D
he's normal looking
not the worst looking
if he's normal no wonder women only like the top 20%
I feel like a lot of it is status signaling
he's gross
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/12/10/article-2245851-1671F4E8000005DC-781_634x542.jpg < does he take showers?
if he took care of himself im pretty sure he would look decent
his wife is soooo cute though
wife is average looking if we ignore the fat chick biasing
I don't think either of them are particularly cute
his wife is not even above average
compared to iman and bowie its such a joke
his wife is really pretty
8/10 i'd say, a bit childish looking
wife has a cute face i think
his wife is an okayish asian 
not particularly sexy but cute
nothing special
I think he's really cute
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3404602/Shocking-video-shows-Swedish-woman-harassed-groped-gang-migrant-men.html
Would bang
ARGH half an hour after I decide I'm having a lazy day (comfy clothes, no exercise, keeping it chill) huscat announces we're having a surprise father in law visit
back in a while
your a slut though, you'd bang everyone
intj women are always v concerned with looks
like gay man
I can't get over this picture 
http://pastdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/David-Bowie-1971-2-resize.jpg
he may beat out jared leto
and jared's held the title for years
you can only see an outline of his face
no wonder he looks beautiful
What title?
he's clearly objectively beautiful
yooooooo
he's not beautiful to me
neutral at best
he looks like an alien
filozof who do you think is a beautiful man
https://scontent-atl3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/12400527_986084218095299_1178010056529804671_n.jpg?oh=41bd4dd42555cf540d8e0a8812ffe545&oe=573A5187
johnny depp probably
so much more beautiful than his fug son with his fug wife
i dont really find men beautiful
but can recognize good looks sometimes
"he looks like an alien" The Man Who Fell to Earth
Lol
Lonny_Z++
witzie see merry christmas mr lawrence
and the hunger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JTroFovUXw
yo lot
madsci's backyard
https://drscdn.500px.org/photo/136569263/m%3D2048/2a094465679181d6cc83a46531328a76
havent seen you and bf in minecraft
We went to visit my parents yesterday. He'll be around tonight :D
I've been trying to get my shit together... find a job, get the house clean.
http://news.yahoo.com/latest-students-mourned-3-killed-near-ny-campus-174929684.html
Crap :(
Careful who you ltr. They might not let you breakup when you realize they're cray
that sucks
well breakups are the single most fascinating part of modern dating
one person gets "done"
and jsut destroys the othe rpersons life
and somehow to weirdo bop types
this is ethical
i have a glass atrium on my cave
and rose bushes
sern ar eyou going to play again?
cxj and me are having a jimmy rustling match
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/414yzx/have_you_ever_been_cheated_on/cz1pawq
I'm gonna when i get the time atlasb
Or more accurately the energy
Right atlasb
Relationships without consequences to breaking up ate inherently unfair
Because the person who invests the most in such a relationship gets hurt the most by a breakup
aw my boss was so sad today 
her parents left her and her sister their family farm + land 
and her sister's husband recently divorced her 
and took it
in the settlement
see it's not just guys who get screwed
>They (TRP) don't actually acknowledge that rape exists.
Bloopies gunna bloop
No matter what evil thought crime there is, TRP is guilty of it!
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41bbij/testing_for_congruence_of_value_systems_is_not_a/
Poor little xemnas,  debates with insurrecto (Idiot) <--- that's my tag for him
you mean you think breakups from casual relationships are not ethical AtlasB ?
i dotn see how ppl who see ethics that way can defend them
the problem with breakups is that either you force one person to stay in a relationship they don't want, or you harm the person who gets broken up with
and the second option is probably better
generally it's not like there are situations that are evil, there's a good side and a bad side to all situations
rape is good in that the rapist gets satisfaction
and when you stop people from raping you also inflict harm
How I defend my morals: "Step 1: Knowing that my leftists thinking is superior and everyone else is a nazi, say my morals > your morals" victory dance and off to the next argument
thats why 100% harm based ethics is retarded
i don't see how you can base your ethics on anything different than harm
well, happiness too
cost benefit analysis?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41itdg/my_22f_boyfriend_29m_of_19_months_is_furious/
lol this is retarded
Nice argument fiat. I am a bit confused, can women think?
Her brother?
Spend the night with his sister?
I would ditch that incestuous cheating bitch
AWALT
What on earth?
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41jhrw/nagging_boyfriend/cz3aic5
2:42 PM <witzie> his wife is an okayish asian  <--- yeah.. i'd still give her at least a 6 though
that being said she has a decent angle working for her
wow witzie, that post has triggered me
how can someone be so fkin retarded
with any other man I get it
but her brother or dad
is like
THE few men in the world you can trust your gf to
it seems to me lol
DavidHasselhof: Only PoopInMyBottom has broken past solipsism
like she's going to be a sloot when her brother is watching her? 
solipsism is somethign the rest of us must eternally struggle over
or worse yet, fuck him?
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41bjji/im_a_lady_and_we_do_lady_things_with_ladies_we/
yeah thats ridiculous PhantomDream 
.ping
Witzie I thought Kelly_C was banned
15:22:13 <@witzie> and her sister's husband recently divorced her 
Good good
More women need to get divorce raped
she got reinstated fiat
it was for one week
http://imgur.com/NBsaQdV
fiat: which line is longer?
I want to make one of those trick things
same
except make the line *actually* longer
lol
it is
because everyone knows its supposed to be the same
the upper one is longer
yeah witzie i was worried it was a trick question
great, so someone stole my idea?
uhh
fucking hell
so you use your experience to determine that?
People use experience?
Not just instincts
no i was wary of my experience
my experience told me it was an optical illusion and that the lines should be the same
so i used a ruler
Ask poop which line is longer
I always get annoyed by these
apparently i just suck at using rulers though
Cause they show a 3d image
because i measured and still thought they were the same
just some pixels
And flame they a re the same size in 2d
Which is true
But it isn't a 2d thing
It is a 3d thing
Just ask poopinmybuttom which one is longer
there are 3 things to this argument
The first is about heuristics and past experience
the next one is that you can know that they are the same lenght or one is longer, but you can't make yourself see it.
??
The upper one is not longer
heyo
So believing something and knowing it are two different things
well im sorry
that post was stupid
You can turn it on its side and see that both ends are equally far from the border of the image
i hate posts liek that
hanging with other broads isnt rpw
who cares
just extro blather in my eye
Witzie how did he get the family farm though
If it belonged to both sisters
it was split up
he got his wifes half
so my boss still has her half
Ah
sernemesis I faked that picture myself
the upper one is longer
And the wife could have just split the rest of the money and keep the farm no?
lots of newbs who have no idea where they are
and fiat, in the end, if he didn't measure it, then he got manipulated
it was apparently a really messy divorce
fighting with lawyers for days straight
I don't know how it works in normal states
But in communal property inheritance is not communal
i think the tbp mocking missed the point of what rpw is though 
well 
the parents are still alive
it was given to them a while ago 
so idk
so it wouldn't strictly be inheritance though
They always miss the point 
yu know why th eBF wa supset
Gifts don't count either in californoa
They don't understand it, and even when they do - they HAVE to miss it because that's their entire purpose
because porn is making men believe all siblings have incest
i think that discussing ways to have fun with other women is a good subject as long as its flaired appropriately and not the main content of the sub. it was labeled as self care or something not rp theory 
and only children dont grok siblings
and probably think they have incest and its just  aman to him
no one on that post said that all women have to do x or enjoy y
and tbp mocked them simply for their preferences and also a lot of them reacted as if the women were saying that you have to do xyz 
who cares if peopel on tbp like to go camping? thats wastn the point of the post 
Lol atlasb
https://www.reddit.com/r/infertility/comments/377agd/done/
this is sad
Fiat, I got another question
SerNemesis nightmare
I love how porn is warping men's expectations
Can someone really be that stupid, delusional?
it is
my h thonks all family memebrs have sex even tho he didnt
he thinks everything poissibel porn could make you think
their reactions are a reflection of how feminism has warped things so that female activities are looked down on and something to be joked about
he thinks if he can imagine something the probablility of it happenign is 100%
Wait
yeh he just thinks everything
don't you dare to tell me that there are no dwarf girls with dicks orgies are happening
the post was a simple discussion that is good for community building 
dwarf chicks*
lol
4:04 PM <DavidHasselhof> Can someone really be that stupid, delusional? <--- yes
Anyways, ask him which line is longer
Damn witzie
I wonder how I'd deal with infertility
AtlasB: you said something similar though. about how boys would be sent away in primative tribes
away from their sisters and mothers
yep
as they grew into adolescence
I haven't watched porn in 5 months
lol
i think incest is often in the air
in nuclear families with teens
If I were infertile I'd want to know beforehand
So I can go do something cray and exciting
Instead of trying to create the stable family
like going to work everyday at 8 in the morning, coming home at 5 for 40 years?
that is crazy
Lol
Not boring cray
infertility treatments is probably why theres so many fuckedup kids
Exciting cray
Right atlasb
shes probably 39
when hove 1000s of geriatric women tried to get 1st time pg?
yeah that's another thing
http://www.babycentre.co.uk/i/preconception/infertilitygraph.gif
why do people think sibling incest is selfish
i think theyre reacting to the corny weird foreign extro fakeness of it
because of risks to the child
honestly
how is it more or less selfish than having kids at 39
the risks also go up
i reacted to it by rolling my eyes
for multitude of problems
Only a small fraction are infertile to begin with
shes miss ny eve sudoku races
3% is kind of a lot
i mean i get that the real feminine posts arent for me
i dont care theyre there
Not compared to what it becomes when they age
but garter belts and hanging out with other women isnt like an RPW revelation
It is also probably more like 1-2% when you filter put the uggos
The garter belt thing was unexpected
and rather thorough
does that graph take into consideration first time pregnancy
so yay for knowledge
it's worse if it's first time
but not a personal interest haha
do golden carrots serve a purpose
You know how extreme religious people think spilling your seed is sinful?
And don't want you to do nonprocreative sex?
Well I wonder what they would say about preparing a sperm sample for medical testing
Lemme Google what kinds of male infertility there are
Tbp just grasps at straws
https://www.reddit.com/r/maleinfertility/comments/1xmlfc/why_are_you_infertile/
I read with infertile issues it's the male 40% of the time
with infertil ecouples I mean
no that can't be
it must be 50/50, men and women are the same
do you even equality?
If coffee doesn't know WHY it's unacceptable to try and change men etc then she shouldn't be giving any advice at all on the sub
which she has been doing
https://www.reddit.com/r/maleinfertility/comments/3ayuoa/my_husband_is_lost_and_i_dont_know_what_to_do/
is it me or its very quiet on this chat recently
poor husband
"My husband is destroyed. He tells me that he's never felt like such a failure and that he feels like less of a man. I keep trying to reassure him that this is an US problem, not a HIM problem, but I don't know how to console him"
(irritated by a user)
WingN yeah its corny and rolling eyes makes sense, not the hate and mocking that tbpers do in reponse, as if they were personally attacked by that post
haha PhantomDream 
if i was infertile i would probably adopt or something
That's stupid
Okay apparently actual infertility is incredibly rare
at least it means you can have sex without condoms
You should kill all kids, then nobody has what you can't have
That "moralizing" slop almost made me pop a vein
Most male infertility seems to be low sperm
Due to stress low t etc.
16:22:52 <@witzie> "My husband is destroyed. He tells me that he's never felt like such a failure and that he feels like less of a man. I keep trying to reassure him that this is an US problem, not a HIM problem, but I don't know how to console him"
Well it is nice of her to say that but it's kind of false
It IS a him problem lol
That's simple, she should say, well I have some life experience and I think I could weight in on here, so this is my comment
about what she should say
She should say:
"Man up"
He's 46 and had accidently gotten 4 women pregnant in his life-He has 1 twelve year old son from this and the most recent was about 3 years ago, ended in miscarriage.
Oops
so he's old 
Yeah
Lol
http://www.thenewatlantis.com/publications/the-near-miracle-of-male-infertility-treatment
i bet my h has other kids
Apparently even infertile men can father children
close to midnight and I still haven't studied...
The children might just get bad genes
intracytoplasmic sperm injection
You just take a sperm and shove it into the egg
Ow
You don't need a lot of sperm
Just one
And it doesn't need to be able to swim up and enter the egg on its own
DG69 this would be in vitro
No oww except for removing and reimplanting the eggs
Ow ow
Lol
i heard in vitro is used for infertile people
Do they use a turkey baster
but isn't the sperm someone else's?
No filozof
maybe he can't afford in vitro, SerNemesis 
so that would be double failure
even more shame
in poland there was that huge debate about in vitro
some right wing politicians thought it should be illegal
the ones linked to the catholic church
and left wingers thought it should be funded by the government
to me theyre the kinds of posts tha tmake ppl think were weird serena joys
If her system is alright and you are willing to use someone elses sperm then you can just squirt the sperm into her vagina
i understand women want to gabble about women bs with each other
ew
In vitro is when the fertilization or implantation isn't happening properly I'm her body
do people actually do that?
but what needs to be discussed about hangout out doignnormal thing swith women if your enot a sperg
sounds like waste of sperm
its just weird extro masturbation of words to me
So you pull the eggs out, mix them with sperm (or inject individual sperm in) and then implant the fertilized egg
i dont know much about reproduction, but i think its pretty difficult to impregnate a woman, isnt it?
even when you have sex when shes fertile
No that is good cause you're selecting for the healthiest sperm and her body gets to decide which fertilized eggs to allow in
Yeah it is difficult
its interesting to me that you have all those couples who cant have children and at the same time you have people who get pregnant by accident
But you can get lucky (or unlucky) on the first try
people talk about all sorts of things on reddit, they detail how they spend their time and what they do with friends. only if its something stereotypically feminine do others get so riled up about it. a group of likeminded women who dont have many people irl to share their interests with are having a conversation abotu a specific subject in their own sub.
and others go out of their way to seek out this content even though they hate it, and then they mock it
yeh totally
i was annoyed when the whole sub was posts like that 
The woman is designed to try and miscarry all the unworthy embryos
yeh lol
and i definitely agree its not the poin tof rpw
And the embryos are designed to try and prevent miscarriagr
but the tbp post still annoyed me
They go to war with each other
and the idea that somehow its bad for women to want to be women adn do girly things
And the surviving embryos become prehnancies
well i thinktis the weird spergy way they discuss normal things liektheyr enovel
i guess i must have won
i think the catholic church is against in vitro because it leads to frozen zygotes
i dont think we should be mocked for feminine interests. no one in that thread was saying that those are the only interests on can have, it was just a discussion of a specific set of activities
yes i agree WingN lol
and genetic selection (eugenics)
KING OF THE HILL
wait there are multiple embryos?
i just dont think all the criticisms/mocking was justified 
i thought there was one egg
but thast just reddit re spergy-ness
This is why the Jewish position on abortion is backed up by nature
i dont think the existence of subs
And prolifers are wrong
that make fun of other subs
specifically
should be allowed
Embryos aren't just a natural symbiotic part of the woman's body
They're at war with her body
what are prolifers wrong about?
you should have to mock reddit on voat
or othe r platforms
Prolifers think there is loveydovey symbiosis between embryo/fetus and mother
Which there isnt
yeah 
yay i surpassed dragoness in the stats
that is more harrassment than fph or coontown
The fetus actually sends chemicals to the woman's brain
im so active recently
right because its harrassign actual users
why do i have to find myself being mocke d by name on reddit
"Prolifers think there is loveydovey symbiosis between embryo/fetus and mother" - I don't remember prolifers arguing this
im pretty sure this isnt the basis of the prolife position
like tumblrinaction
is making fun of a nother sites users
so thats ok
What other activities do you add to your "girly days"?? I'm quite the novice so the only other thing I've thought of (which goes along with pedicures) is sea salt bath soaks for our feet.
look im sorry
i want to make fun of that too
It is pretty common
why ar eyou a fuckign "novice" at girly days you weird spergatron
the whole pregnancy is a natural gift thing
why isnt anyoen normal
haha
this is actually the first time i hear of this
how am i so low in the stats with my epic rants
i heard of people calling fetuses parasites, which i guess is kind of justified biologically
the reaons you think its funny arent the same as tbp
the jewish position
only goes
for impacted babies
hjold on
youre misstating it
to me its silly because all of the things they are talking about are so normal, and things i thought were cool in like kindergarten
but i don't recall anybody saying that there is a "loving relationship" between a fetus and a mother
when a baby become sIMPACTED during birth
fiat: you don't talk about your life enough
it becomes like unto a burglar in the night
start talking about what positions you and your gf have sex with
youll be higher in the stats
but its not normal b/c of the derision towards femininity in society today imo so less people are encouraged to do these things
then they end up in their mid 20s posting to an internet forum 
about "girly days"
Yes the Jewish position should be for all babies
im sad you guys talk to the bot more than you do me :(
just looked at stats
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parent%E2%80%93offspring_conflict#In_humans
bad juxtaposition, filozof's comment about sex positions with jewish positions with babies
we don't talk to the bot, the bot talks to us
This also leads to the discovery of microchimerism
what is the jewish position?
Which is one reason to go against women who have been pregnant with another man's child
His child's cells will be inside her
In her brain
Ewww
fiat the only form of abortin that legal in the talmud is late term
when the baby was impacted
to save the mothers life
filozof ^
i think you meant to respond to me?
and the legal reasonong was
that its self defense
like killing a burglar in the night
its killing
it sjustified homicide
Hey witzie what do you think about coat hanger jokes?
Or fetus fries jokes?
i'm pretty much almost all prolifers dont have anything against abortion to save a womans life
its like killing in self defense
theres a contradiction there imo
fiat: it's interesting how little i know about your personal life compared to other people here
fiat plays it close to the vest
Okay I know prolifers think life begins at conception
i know everything about atlas's husband or SP, but nothing about your gf
i dont even know what race she is
maybe she's a race traitor?
When do they think life ends?
i prefer not mentioning that, but that's one thing that i have mentioned... she's same as me, filozof 
No filozof I think she is asian
Right fiat
you should have went for a white chick
He doesn't want to mention it cause otherwise we would pressure him to have bebbies
to take revenge on asian race traitors
Lol filozof
atlasb and witzie are female. why are you interested in mine. I don't know anything about protopill's wife
Wat
He has said stuff about his wife
i'm not saying i'm particularly interested in your life
We know way more about mrsprotopill than we do your gf lol
i just find it interesting that you dont talk about yourself much
and it might be a reason why youre so low in the stats
I think that's a personal preference filozof
16:51:06 <filozof> and it might be a reason why youre so low in the stats
Hahahaha
lol
lol he's trying to coax me into talking about my sex life
Fiat is a wild sex God
That's all we know
i dont have any, so i want to have a vicarious pleasure by hearing about yours
but i'm not wild, esp not now, but i'd rather not get into that. 
Haha filozof
but i think i'm doing well. I had recently read how the avg couple in the USA has sex sessions that last about 5 min or less
yeh i think thats true
Hahaha
i guess if i just started having girly days t would be pretty novel to me
no wonder Architect says that sex isn't actualyl good for exercise
Did you flex that muscle?
whatever research he has read was prob right about that
if the avg couple only lasts 5 min
so we were all wrong, he was right, technically
Protopill I've come to the realization that trying to find a prime aged virgin is gonna be impractical
:(
Why's that
How many sessions are people having
At 5 mins/sesh
I'm just gonna sleep around with attractive girls to get it out of the system and then snap up a normal n girl
does it matter, DG69 . it's 5 min. they could have it 2-3 times a day. it's just 5 min
So few virgins out there after 18 protopill
They get snapped IP quickly
and i doubt it's 3 times anyway by what i've read
Up
Especially the attractive ones
you're coming to the conclusion that you should sleep around
at 23?
Fiat isn't it like a couple times a week for the average couple?
yes, that's pretty pathetic
SerNemesis coming around, at this rate you'll end up wifing up a slut
Right filozof gonna make up for lost time
where are you going to find your sluts?
tinder?
By sleep around I don't mean sleep with a hundred girls
SerNemesis I can be your wingman
I speak slut
Right SerNemesis , I was talking to planejane about this too
I mean sleep with girls for the sake of sex rather than trying to find a long term partner
stable, LTR/virginal types 
lol i speak slut
are stable for a reason
yeah 
and virgins for a reason
young, and stable = gonna be more likely to stay in relationships
not late 20s still looking
https://youtu.be/g0j2dVuhr6s?t=1m11s
i dont think any post is above criticism or jokes but tbp's response just underscored why these women have to turn to a place like rpw to have these convos
SugarFlourButterEggs: "I've never met a single person in either hobby who seemed like a submissive RPW type"
DG69 is an expert too
undercover slut
Lol atlas
Well maybe that's because we don't the doormat picture you've created ^^
i made a cake
she hired me to design her calling card and come up with her motto
you ppl are abandoning traitors
Lol fiat
i can play by myself for free
Did I fiat?
I'll play later atlasb
Why doesn't everyone else play
Oh that rhyme huh lol
i have to ge tup at 6 am tomorrow
i played yesterday
or maybe theyre just limiting themselves to certain websites/environments where those types of people gather 
to ge tready for a walkthrough and settlement
im not happy
i didnt sleep for 36h yesterday
i mostly played minecraft in that time
the subreddits for cross stiching, embroidery, knitting, etc are so feminist 
but there are plenty of stay at home mom blogs and craft blogs in general where the women are feminine 
what do you need other people for? you mostly do stuff by yourself
(not saying they are doormats!)
but they dont have pink hair haha
i think the women on reddit in general are feminist 
Filozof I've actually seen lots of anecdotes online about guys being virgins for a long time and then going crazy afterwards
the question is, why did they stay virgins so long
I love those blogs! 
Crazy as in sleeping around
Stupidity
Stem major
I believe that SerNemesis 
Misplaced priorities
I think girls do the same lol
Is fucking hookers mgtowing
Fat
FirionDarklight do you even mgtow 
I have no:clue
I justbdo my thing
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/416yqh/only_7_of_britons_identify_as_feminist/
Or was that a do u lift question
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/wLCvjlk3/
ha^
more men want equality than women? wow
hahahahahaha
Internalised shoggy knees
Did they include migrant men in the poll?
"stem major" is a problem even for women
even when you factor the gender ratios working in their favour
I had a roommate in college who was secretly anti feminist
which is crazy to think about
She said feminism just meant women are expected to work now
Smart woman
Protopill trying to find a virgin especially since I'm out of college would be like finding a needle in a haystack
And she wished she lived in a time when less was expected
And we could be lazy
SerNemesis: it probably will be very difficult yes.
or you can look for a vrigin abroad
Wanna marry me ser
in a muslim country
or india
DG69.roommate++
And I'd be compromising on a lot of traits
No homo
or on the ppd chat, me and carkudo are virgins
We csn just rip the benefits
Right I can still hope for arranged marriage to come through
But ain't gonna wait
No you're not supposed to take her side drok
Lol filozof no homo sorry
Lets get gayvmarried ser
i didnt realize amazon prime and netflix has UHD 4K movies and shows
sorry DG69
And fuck women while married
Lol yeah marry filozof 
you just have to pay $4 extra a month
yeah marry me, get that low n count
We get all tax benefits and shit
i would marry SerNemesis to get that green card
I'm a born again virgin SerNemesis 
Choose me
and i would have my virgin too
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41lwdj/what_makes_a_man_sexually_attractive/
"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."
we need a drinking name
for every femnist platitude
"one doe for every joe"
SerNemesis does a hymen inspection before marriage DG69 
Oh nvm sern
"all people are beautiful in their own way"
and ofc
"just be yourself"
A drinking game you mean?
yeah
Like ppd bingo
SerNemesis would you except a born again virgin? 
everytime you ask something about attraction or relationships
i think the ritual just requires a few eggs
and they answer with an answer that pretty much boils down to "everything goes"
or something
i need a drinking game for every time i read the word "cryptochristian" on this chat
i never KNEW
crafting
i wonder when they will start actual witchburnings
we could change it to pseudocalvinist
was full of feminists til reddit
The ritual drok? Is this a real thing
ive been craftign for 30 yrs
calvinist is a man
we need no men
probably
so so tired of posts like this
strong independat womyn
let me look it up
they are ruining all the crafts
hideous things
vagina x stitch
can't they just refer to the last 10 threads on the same exact topic?
I thought it was just something you decided lol
boring repetitive mario quilts
the ritual requires fucking 10 incels
zero skill
so you can get your virginity from them
rofl
That makes sense
meh
i am not gay
sorry
good evening.
some dumb cunt tried to enter her mario quilt into a quilt show
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but SMV is not
and they wer e like, um no
Well you don't need your virginity back firiondarknesss 
I need it to marry SerNemesis 
now the nerds are all making tardis quilts
we can both marry him
i think any previously women-targeted space is now full of feminists
be the first poly marriage with no sex
how much is vieginity worth
to you guys
Sounds like a nightmare
not much fiat
let's say hypothetically you could buy a wife
a sex slave
n count on the other hand
200k usd to buy one for life
how much extra would you pay for virgin
what use is being obsessed with virgninity in the us
its just stupid
i dont know
i think its just a few eggs
stupid and self defeating
you are like the fuckfest country
like chicken eggs will work
let's say the standard rate is n count 5
anything for n<5
for extra double n count is minus 10k usd in cost
who cares
you guys should watch pretty baby
so 10 n count is 190k
i spend 200k
where they auction off hebe brooke shields virginity
and its a big ceremont
8 is 160k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJMYIXoFGcQ
every n count under 200k is up to you how much would you all actuallu pay for n count 0
like my friend went to an all women's college. nothing but feminist factories nowadays. they all did what i'd assume to be traditionally girly things
hahaha WingN into a quilt show??
lol feminist factories 
huh?
lol I just looked up hymenoplasty
cosmetic reconstruction surgery
costs up to 2k usd in the USA
but do they have retightening?
lol
 Interestingly, of the 61 women and men interviewed, three-fourths of men adamantly declared secondary virginity to be impossible, compared to about one-fourth of women,
born again virgins confirmed?
some get that hymen reattached
http://www.digitalspy.com/fun/news/a433269/woman-auctions-virginity-for-780000-man-sells-for-3000/
a womans virginity sold for 800k apparently
lmao
who is the sucker who paid 3k for male virginity
""If you only do it once in your life then you are not a prostitute - just like if you take one amazing photograph, it does not automatically make you a photographer."
oh yeah uhh
lol
the hamstering
interesting how a womans virginity costs so much
and that sucker who paid 800k too
lol
i work as a prostitute for one customer
it shows how much men price virginity and purity
but i am not a prostitute
even though leftists want people not to care
lol I was just thinking . pay me. I'll find you a long list of male Virgins willing to sell at half that
or less
well
feels before reals
you know the deal
you can only social engineer so far
grea tmovie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSyZq8Eg5eg
before your regressive elements ruin all your work
theyd never make it today
not even infrance
men are defilers
I swear those guys are paying for the fantasy of defilement
interesting how men are so jealous of other guys
betas are
and at the same time we are so cooperative
no, pretty sure all men are jealous
my h doesnt give a rats ass that i slept with othe rmen befor ehim he knows hes the best
hes jealous of NOW
while he has me
i'm not just talking before him
possessive
how does he know?
how doe she knwo what?
he has a black man's vocie
that's how he knows
that he's the best
he just assumes it
because hes a narcissist
i'm certain he doesn't ask you directly
maybe that's not the only black man's thing he has
it would never occur to him he wasnt
ah okay lol
That girl did it for charity, that's sweet
that and hes really pretty obviously good at it
It can be her porn star name
what
"notactuallyaprostitute"?
too long
sometimes i hear guys say they're hte best 
lol
it would never occur to him to worry other men ha dbeen better
because he is the best
filozof you know there was another girl who sold her virginity off for a million or something
and i legit wonder why they think that. they would not believe a woman's ncount but they'd believe they're the best sex a woman ever had
i guess my question is for betas
that's very possible
no he just thinks hes the best period
alfalaf
and not guys like your H
men fetishise virginity
businessman backed off because the woman seemed too cautious before the event
totally understandable
R wouldn't ask me cuz i don't think he really cares.
his babymomma was a 16 yr old virgin
hes been there done that
wouldn't want to be scammed for one million
i wouldn't ask if i'm the best. i'm probably not
ask
why?
i hear white clouds in all the bullshit now
yeah how do you make sure shes a virgin
yeh she entered it into a quilt show and was offended at the response
insidious
ah
because you can
this forest thing
AtlasB: you said he's jealous of now
paying for a guys virginity is especially stupid, how do you check it
they all hate "quilt shop ladies" they think theyre stuffy and traditional
jealous of what specifically?
i mean fiat is right, there is something to virginity that isn't insecurity on part of the male
and buste don ppl fo rliking "dusty civil war fabrics"
which is of cours emy favorite
i dont really understand paying a million for a girls virginity though, im sure it can be done cheaper
it isn't just insecurity. yeah I'm sure of it
its the same reason you want a new car over an old one
I mean insecurity is a large part sure
there are so many young girls entering the sex market
i mean theyre cute
https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch/files/2013/12/marioquilt.jpg
but it doesn't fully explain people dropping one million
pretty sure you could find one with some effort
i mean there are some sweet older cars
aww that is cute
i remember reading about a businessman who paid 15 year olds to have sex with him in poland
that are better than some new cars even with a few owners
and he went to jail because one girl was 14
idiot
this wins quilt shows
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/2d/f1/d2/2df1d22acf5ca0319b07e0eb9219cbaf.jpg
i'd do the same if i had the money probably
it wa scute the first 20 times
hes not "jealous"
ooh love the second one
hes possessive
hes no mor epossessive of me
than his wallet
My friend is in Japan so excited about the age of consent
or his tools
i am a belonging of his
Haven't heard too crazy of stories yet
I think there's a power or corruption component to it too
hed keep me in a safe if he could
.context
a matter of ego too I'm. sure
what do you guys think of "first night"
after all
men just like pure women
bill clinton was a frequent passenger on the lolita express
remember braveheart
thats why we are repulsed by sluts
like if someone had 86 or 87 grand national with a few owners vs. a brand new toyota corolla
te Englishmen got first night
with the women
im going with the grand national
whats tthe age of consent in japan
yeh i liek applique
it was humiliating
they weren't betas
it was humiliating
i think prima nocta is largely a myth
i have this kit who knows if ill ever do it
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/2d/2d/6a/2d2d6a7e8faf63f3e035c8ea927e75f7.jpg
The Japanese Penal Code sets a minimal age of consent of 13.[42] However, the Children Welfare Act chapter 34 forbids any act of "fornication" () with children (here defined as anyone under 18 years of age)[43] with prefectures and districts specifying further details in (largely similar) "obscenity ordinances" () like adding exemptions for sex in the context of a sincere romantic relationship (typical
but like on average, new > old
hm
and that is with anything you own
nice! still not feeling up to quilting?
you might be right about that filozof
17:16:18 <+fiat> how much extra would you pay for virgin
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Droit_du_seigneur
right of the lord in French
Hmmm
Well to start with I don't have 200k
nah i jus tlost it
i started again
now minecraft has sucke dme in
french language is so interesting
But I imagine I could get a mortgage with the slave as colaterall
how could "dexter" evolve into "droit"
But I'd have to pay the extra for virginityvas a downoaymwnt
I was just picking a number for relativity sake
i have a hard time imagining the evolution
Downpayment
how much would you pay for a unicorn wife, SerNemesis
n count 5
then how much extra would you pay to bring that number down to zero
what are the qualities of the unicorn
wha'ts the appeal of minecraft?
is it like WoW?
Assuming I could get a loan
your own standards. I don't know
i need to know before i pay
Probably like 200k for the former
400k for the latter
Maybe 250k for the former
i probably wouldnt pay much to bring the n count down
woah double
if she was hot and had an awesome personality i wouldnt give much for virginity
although of course its nice to have
right now i dont have any money, so its hard to me to say how much i would pay
that would depend on my wealth in the future
I usually pay a large premium for new products over used
shit
i mean
I probably might give... 50k extra? I mean have to make it seem like it was worth her while
so you wouldnt pay it for yourself
i know the second you drive a car off the lot it loses its value
but for her?
nonsense
"good job babe. you held on to it until finding your perfect man... me"
but damn
that is ridiculous
"here is your reward, 50k"
"you are winnar"
You're paying her?
i mean
like
fuck
I thought you were buying her from the wife store
Paying her dad maybe
17:37:26 <@drok> i know the second you drive a car off the lot it loses its value
fuck her already
tch tch
blah blah
buy her
Not to me it doesnt
fuck her
the end
then sell her of on craig's list
you just had virgin, 400k, n count 5, 250k
17:36:35 <filozof> although of course its nice to have
if i have 250k to spare
thats losing a shit ton of value
i can spare 400k as well
i am rich and vain
Well I'm assuming the alternative is a girl who is hot and a virgin with an awesome personality lol
now give me the virgin
I think it makes sense to be just as insecure about n=1 if they dated for years
He probably rocked her socks
Yeah dg69
Unless you know he sucked
Right
And she tried to put up with him
well it's not n=1 I was asking about n=0
I'm sure for a lot of people the biggest jump would be from 0 to 1
yes but dg was saying that it makes sense to be insecure about n=1 compared to a virgin
I know, I just think n=1 could have easily had more impressive sex than n=20
yeah I agree I think "first cut is the deepest"
baby I know
i agree, once she loses virginity all bets are off
thats why women have hymens
to signify which ones are unspoiled
do all female mamals have hymens?
lol
we are making it seem like sernemesis is going overboard but honestly I think we are the unusual ones
my h channels this chat
think about it
dont get any ideas
i swear to got
Many mammals do
one MILLION dollars for hymen in tact poon
he was just going on about how great it would be if there was a place that revirginized me
vs a few hundred for a prostitute
becaus ehe thinks a woamns first tiem is AWESOME and great
and wouldnt i want to experience that over and over
awesome for the woman
or awesome for the man
Lol AtlasB you gotta be born again
i think he just wants the trophy
for the woman
nobody here thinks first time is awesome for the woman
my h does
we just want virgins as men
that never ceases to amaze me
i assume that since theres blood
compare avg prostitute to a virgin one
its probably unpleasant
hahahaha
thousands upon thousands of dollars
worth of difference
Oh wow, that's a Louis Malle film?
on the list
its a great movie!
see it
how does anyone anywhere deny the diff I will never understand
Hebe Shields
susan sarandon
a carradine
yes, prostitution is the only profession where you can claim lack of experience as a plus
great period piece
AtlasB have you seen Black Moon?
filozof++
yuck
dont like it
turned it off
haha, no tolerance for "art films"
I love it
I sent an e-mail to criterion telling them to release it
my fault
a few months later they did
i was thining of a different film
what movie was i thinking of
where she pees
the one with the war between the sexes
and a unicorn
bitter moon
and naked children
Louis Malle
no i never saw it
i like louis malle
didnt he make ragtime?
I dunno
no he made atlantic city
wtf made ragtime
milos forman?
omgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
father in law said he was coming over with ~1.5h notice
half an hour later, MY dad is coming over, as well as a female family friend
i dotnlike french film on the whole
so i had three awkward middle aged people sitting in my kitchen drinking tea
yeah, same
and making comments about how all men want their wives to be mothers
(as in to them, not to children)
I am not a fan of the new wave
I was all "fairly sure that's not how it is" which huscat was appreciative of
but seriously that shit is so pervasive and GROSS
i like cocteaus beauty and the beast
andluc besson
thats it
lots of movies abotu ppl
boring
https://dissention.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/the_cock_carousel.jpg?w=640
now that's impacting
:P
I would think the pleasure in taking someone's virginity has to do with your perception of their experience
Seeing her face the first time a penis enters her for ex
i should say though fiat that the premium I'm willing to pay is for a mixture of relationship N and actual N
i.e. i'd pay more for the n=5 if it were ONSs
see, that is the kind of stupid shit bitches make
and she were still a relationship-free virgin
say 300k
excuse me
err a relationship free girl
touchy today
That makes sense to me SerNemesis 
that reminds me oif an installation art piece i wante dot make once
She had better sex in an ltr
it was a big warehous efull of cubicles
annd each cubicle was decorated with parts of a owmans apartment
and ahd a woman in it
so let us say 200k for n=5 (including relationships) girl, 300k for n=5 (ONS only) girl, and 400k for virgin
waiting
near a phone
and over a loudspeaker
SerNemesis, context here?
woudl be recordings of mens promises
to call
lol AtlasB 
different male voices saying different things
^_^ I actually like that though
and in each cubicle a woman waiting
That girl in the picture has a weird fetish or something
I think she's trying to collect 1000
cakeforallofyou: fiat was asking how much one would pay to get a girl that was perfect in terms of looks and personality and had an n=5
thanks SerNemesis 
and how much more for a virgin with the same attributes
no it snot like wow
i wonder what men fantasized about
riding the cock carousel like no tommorow
when female virginity was plentiful
female sluts
duh
AtlasB++
lol
Hahaha
for sex of course
not to wife up
devlin identified it clearly
really? I can't think of any old novels featuring sluts
when men were pushing for female emancipation
they presumed the promiscuous emancipated women
would be indiscriminate
and it would be sexual utopia for A:: men
all
I mean really?
bardo men read dirty books
abotu hookers and divorcees
james cleland, fanny hill?
have you read it?
1700s
?? after women got the vote the sexual revolution didn't happen for 50 years
http://www.gutenberg.org/files/25305/25305-h/25305-h.htm
how is that statement relevant
i mean the sexual emancipation of women
the psychological disinhibition of women
of the 60s-70s
aka the sexual revolution
men jerk off to porn, they don't want more women to become pornstars
i'd put fanny hill under that category
before pictures, they had to settle for words
I mean, men were way more obsessed with chastity in the past
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/3lkg2i/i_19m_have_developed_feelings_for_a_female/
oh dear
I remember a victor hugo bio
where he chastised his wife for not covering up her ankles
I'm virginity obsessed as they come, and I wouldn't care if my hypothetical wife wore yoga pants
I just can't imagine men of the previous generations thinking "yes, we'll turn women into uber-sluts"
you need to have a small proportion of ubersluts
like the 1st gen feminists were divided on free love, it was an unpopular thing to push
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/2wrv7v/there_arent_enough_marriageable_men_in_america/cov98js
i love you sernemesis
gold
lol thanks
I'd marry a cookie
i'm not an expert, but at every juncture it seemed to be pushing free love
e.g. with the Bolsheviks
you have letters from Lenin telling female comrades to cool it with the free love stuff
https://tirchhispelling.wordpress.com/2013/02/14/on-love-sex-and-gender-lenins-own-words/
"I suggest you delete altogether paragraph 3 dealing with the demand (on the part of women) for free love. This is, in fact, a bourgeois, not a proletarian demand."
18:04:36 <bardolatta> I'm virginity obsessed as they come, and I wouldn't care if my hypothetical wife wore yoga pants
right lol
my h would NEVER let me go out in yoga pants
all you inexperienced guys say that
fine to show her off as long as you're the only one who actually fucks her
until you're not
becaus eyou dontpicture yourselves hitting on her relentlessly 
while shes out
"I think this glass of water theory is completely un-Marxist, and, moreover, anti-social. In sexual life there is not only simple nature to be considered, but also cultural characteristics, whether they are of a high or low order. In his Origin of the Family Engels showed how significant is the development and refinement of the general sex urge into individual sex love. "
free love was always a leftist thing
AtlasB: i'd say on average less experienced guys care more about modesty than experienced guys
i dont think so
every inexperienced guy here
has said they wouldnt care
atlasB I grew up in the suburbs, I know the big city is different
about yoga pants
if their gF dressed "Available"
i wouldnt want my gf to show off to other guys
I meant, hypothetically in a place where street harassment was non-existent
they dotn even PERCEIVE it as that
like my hometown
her body should be mine
i wouldn't want her to wear revealing clothes
experienced guys who have bange dother mens women do
if you let your woman dress "Available"
youre askign to be cheate don
and youre a fool
i wouldnt want a virgin wife for her to dress like a slut
Hi SexyMcSexington 
i see experienced guys happily having gfs with short skirts and tank tops
Hi DrunkyMcDrunkerson
with them
showing all their midriff and all
an dthey cheat on them
and expect to be cheate don
right
http://41.media.tumblr.com/29b4d389e27ab5f06b3516d0cf149178/tumblr_nc4uz3JEKG1s71nvbo1_1280.jpg aw, precious.
That should be my name
cakeforallofyou: i find chocolate and condoms a more effective choice
the only men who used to let women dress slutty wer epimps
i just see yoga pants as being highly normalized
despite being really sexualized
I remember reading about james boswell being fascinated by eastern harmes
harems*
everyone here wears them
so fantasizing about multiple virgins
single women, milfs, everyone
but it was one paragraph, not common
even hijabis
i dont wear yoga pants
lol SMS
lol sexymcsexington you're a grill
??
I mean, I guess the harem fantasy is difficult to novelize
or write about
hav eyou read marquis de sade
I read somewhere in Tocqueville that
ew gross
there was pornography
Yoga pants are apart of the basic bitch uniform
written pornography
even after restoration france, the nobles didn't marry commoners
and the fantasy was for a common striver to marry a noblewoman
which was the plot of the red and the black
julien sorel is a lower bourgeois clerk from the countryside
That girl is also wearing uggs and a north face and has no intention of doing yoga today
manages to somehow seduce two noblewomen
"why is he looking at my ass????!??! SEXIST PIGS"
i want me a prime aged harem
DG69: so basically its your look D:
yup because if theres one things prime aged girls are good at
its dealing with other prime age girls youre fucking
heh bardolatta: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41k2i0/cmv_the_pussy_fairy_isnt_real/
i've seen some girls on the internet express the sentiment that they would do this, but aren't into casual sex
i find it really endearing
that they want to be part of a harem?
I don't wear uggs sexy
i would find it weird for a woman to want to do me and also be part of a harem
sirnemesis where
one was a commenter at our old blog, justfourguys
I got only one definite pussy fairy out of that whole thread
a chick from the manosphere
then there was another girl at intjforum
bardolatta I didn't make the cut huh
did you ask them about smv differential
i ha dsex with guys becaus ei didnt feel liek driving home and their place wa sclose
Lol AtlasB 
emma the emo didn't do exactly this but she basically found an incel blogger on the internet and offered to be his gf
There were plenty of times I did it because why not
he is kinda cute though
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41k2i0/cmv_the_pussy_fairy_isnt_real/cz3bw18
did she go out with arpagus?
hmm I just realized I never asked about your n-count, I somehow assumed it was 5 but that's vamp
or maybe i forgot
me?
oh hi
didn't realize that was you
um
bardolatta: https://emmatheemo.wordpress.com/2013/11/04/virginity-loss-story/
yes
well yes, dg69 you said it was unintentional
correction: she offered FWB not gf
I mean, wow, do you want the title?
I don't know how women read "pussy fairy"
No lol
oh yeah I've read her blog
I said I didn't think I was
but I wouldn't count emma
she's dating the guy
I got called out
and she said she's in love with him
what a nice story about weird abnormal losers having sex
feh
it's cute AtlasB 
it's so awful how self serving men are
bardolatta: she started out just wanting to have sex with him
giving moral awards to women who are accidentally nice to us
the idea of a girl scare dof sex tiol 19 is weird to me
what lots of woman are like that AtlasB
im sur ethey ar eno
they dont even masturbate because their uncle leered at them or something
wmillenials are juiceless corny nerds
yeah but I've seen his picture
they seen SMP equals
even whentheyr einto fetish is juiceless unsexy hieratic and gross
yeah they are SMP equals bardolatta 
yeah but millennials are post AIDs
once he becomes alpha
I got caught masturbating at 13 and had to talk to one of the school priests
I was reading a forum about hookers doing BBFS
That my parents were friends with
Turned me off the idea for awhile
but he became an accidental alpha: "Then we got dressed and had our (expensive..) dinner date. He insisted on paying. Later, I found out that the reason he was leading me to his apartment straight from the airport was for the purpose of leaving my bags there, not to have sex instantly. However, he was glad he didnt have to sit through a dinner date before
sex, as he would be worried about saying the wrong things and turning me off."
(no condoms) someone said before AIDs, all the brothels offered that
yikes DG69 
that is evil
whats bbfs
wait, I did my math wrong
The priest was way cooler than my parents though
bareback full service
He was like, just tell them I was hard on you.
you can get that for a couple 100$
you came of age when aids was getting big
yup
and predicted the hetero aids would nenver happen
and was right
call my dad and ask him
i think the internet has made nerds more culturally prominent
nerds are disgusting
i want  to beat them up
thank god i grew up in the 80s
the thought of bareback with someone who isn't a gf or FWB is scary
That's what makes it fun
why SerNemesis ?
youve all been terroized by you sex ed classes
.context
there was herpes an dgonorrhea
syphillis chlamydia
Sunhappy: diseases ewww
crabs
right AtlasB 
dg69 are you single (don't worry i'm not hitting on you)
the gay community had disease sno one ever heard of
i read that in europe after syphillis went there married people were afraid to kiss each other
cause nobody had any idea what all could transmit it
dg69 are you single (yes i'm hitting on you)
apparently syphillis came from native americans
yup
idiots
idk
you were supposed to murder them
the whited sepulchre
not rape them
stds aren't as common as you'd think
what was is , 500 yrs of syphillis
straight people dont really have aids because aids is most easily transmitted by anal sex
beofre th eadvent of penecillin
Bardolatta as of very recently
Yes
you guys broke up DG?
Yeah
:( you ok?
youll get a btter one
Ehh yeah lol
I will be ok
Right now is a little awkward because i haven't moved out yet lol
But he's being really nice so whatever
http://kshatriya-anglobitch.blogspot.com/2016/01/its-demography-stupid-myth-of-mra.html
why the break up?
my unsolicited male advice is women can do really well if they ruthlessly look for a high smv man
he just wanted something else?
seems surprisingly amicable
did I ever give my spiel about how fashion models date losers because they're lazy?
here?
yes
ok
right bardolatta i think women can do very well if they act proactive
since no other women are proactive
dg is back on the CC now
be hot and put yourself where high value men are
it is easy for them to shoot above their SMV
SerNemesis yes basically wanted an open relationship, we've been on the verge of breakup for awhile
especially if you're willing to "train" an awkward guy
awww
http://inductivist.blogspot.com/2016/01/why-idolize-socialist.html
bardolatta: well training an awkward guy doesn't work
who wanted an open relationship?
since she won't be attracted
women need read-made alphas
Hang on i need advice about riding the cc
r/fpua probably
women train children
i know that's why I said "if"
not lovers
right
dg69 how old are you
I'm 25
DG69 one of the girl Saturday met her fianc on tinder
base case scenario is train a beta and get amnesia
Her rock was fecking huge
She's 35
hahaha
They dated for 1 year
bardolatta++
Nice! I love tinder
blowing was this your infp friend?
.quote add 18:38:30 <bardolatta> base case scenario is train a beta and get amnesia
No that's my BFF Sunhappy
blowing that's not good advice she should get married soon
ah
sunhappy who??
http://akinokure.blogspot.com/2016/01/with-flop-of-cruzs-new-york-values.html
I never had an infp friend
That's my best case? Lol
bardolatta: i was talking to blowing
oh sorry
lol no worries
bardolatta: what?
I'm saying someone 10 years old found a tinder fianc
yay engaged at 35
I'm not giving advice
I think I can just go full on prostitute til I'm no longer fuckable
Simply sharing stories about unicorns
why are you linking us stuff :O
Maybe that's best case
what why
that's just sad-talk
there's still hope
um
DG69: go to established men dot com
llool
And become a sugar baby
i was talking about atlas 
Lol thanks blowing
she is linking faster than i can read
i alway slink interestingarticles i read
Someone giving some real advice
Up in here
women can do very well with online dating
tinder okcupid etc.
bookmarked
i just happene dupon three in quick succession
goodnight
All I'm saying it you'll probably get a Victoria secret credit card out of it
it's just so skewed in their favor
dg69 go to libertarian meetups
No fuck that
Why?
the gender ratio is more skewed there than anything else
yeh meet sexually weird nerds
Bad advice
lol
Lol
lot of nerds, but there are some normal people
go to a shooting range
i bet that is the home of th emos tunattractive men on the planey
columnist megan mcardle snagged a good looking dude
10 years younger than her
yes shooting range
No way
6:41 PM <bardolatta> dg69 go to libertarian meetups <--- HAHA. Like other gender skewed groups.... "odds are good, but the goods are odd"
lol fiat
Go to a sports bar
fiat++
if you just want sex, you can look among CS students
You will be middle aged man cat nip
Maybe the golf course
go play dungeons and dragons DG
Look at the reddit meet up photos. There are no normal people at those things. Might as well go man hunting at a brony convention
i still think engineering is surprisingly good
DG69: go for 10+ years older
Lol AtlasB 
Are you willing to be a 2nd wife?
lolol buartha
different industry than you
I mean I think the libertarian crowd has a lot of normal people
with good jobs and such
engineering dudes aren't nearly as weird and nerdy as comp sci dudes for example
I could be second sure
If you are willing to be a 2nd wife then there's so many options
it's just that libertarianism isn't popular with women
no offense fiat
what blowing said lol
yeah engineering too
I think the golf course will have rich guys
oh no i don't disagree
Ooo go blue collar DG69 
My friend knows a doctor who has 2 houses and a plane that she nexted because he's under 6 ft
Why lol
blue collar men are naturally masculine usually and thus hotter
18:42:49 <DG69> I could be second sure
You're short tho
and i've done ee/CS
serious?
Are you willing to move?
He's in south FL
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Y5AKwBKbzwk/UcIEOfeElHI/AAAAAAAAAFE/5bBG_GH6FMU/s1600/Columbus_meetup.jpg
they often also make a decent middle class earning
he's a orthodontist
Willing to move
Sounds like a sure thing!
AtlasB: what is that?
reddit meetup
A PLANE DG
lord
A FUCKING PLANE
of libertarians?
Sunhappy: I agree, I have a thing for plumbers and the like
And 2 houses
no of redit
But blowing is right
I'll find out where the houses are
dg69 yup
whoa AtlasB 
Gotta go with the plane
the indian chick there is actually hot
who nexted him blowing ?
blue colla rmen FTW
roofers
astounding
shes the only one
filozof: my friend who is super tall
electric technician guys
Yeah AtlasB 
look at the rest of thepigs
yeah but even one hot girl is surprising
for a reddit meetup
lol
She's 33 so that was a bold move nextjng a do to
reddit baltimore meetup photo was way better
If you want to go full CC with cool guys go to classy hotel bars in a nice black dress alone (though it can't be too short or you might look like a hooker, haha)
Guys who work with their hands
or military DG69 
http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg
Wait
Lol buartha 
she must have gotten a lot of white guys to chase there
why
Not a bad idea
am i seeing breasts ????
Are you wanting CC or a ring by spring?
everryone in AtlasB's pic is so much more normal than the reddit meeting photo that has become a meme
nsfw http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg
i just posted tha tone
lol
All the boobs in that last photo look sad AtlasB 
that pic is disgusting
buartha: I actually think it's time for be to move back to the motherland
i meant the columbus one is normal
thats what hates me on TBP
hahahahahhah
not a real reddit meetup
yeah the columbus one was decent
ahahahahhahahahaha
ahjahahahhahaha
too many women
not enough hamplanets
lol AtlasB 
SexyMcSexington++
Mom& pop say it's time to go to Ireland and find me a nice farmer to marry
omg there are even kids
Blowing that's my marriage plan
the only normal looking ones in the reddit meme pic are 3 asians (1 guy, 2 girls) and one white girl at the very right looking off to the side
Sorry DG69 but buartha is already taken
looking like she desperately needs to get out of there
poor white girl
I know :(
the sex ratio is skewed in silicon valley
Yesss DG69. Irish men are best men
DG69: if this is operation get you a man, I'm so in.
My friend met her fianc from this weekend on Match I think
As long as you don't mind the fact they all have oedipal complexes
Or wait
filozof: nsfw http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg <- lol i remember this one, the ones who you WANT to see topless obviously are not
I might actually move back this summer
and vice versa
That sentence should be restructured
back to ireland?
Omg why do I keep clicking that link?!
buartha: is that the one where they want to have sex with their dads
ugh
i bet most of those ladies
blowing: http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vIjBL.jpg 
will be married in 3 years though
Yeah SexyMcSexington we'll see
I'm all freed up now
wait seriously ireland for you, why?
ICLICKEDAGAIN
i heard polish men are the sexiest
I have hella family out there and friends
LOL
I've lived there before
Do you have any engineering/ tech experience DG69? Job situation isn't great in general but if you have those you're basically guaranteed a job
DG69: go to Asia and make a race winner out of some lucky man
No sadly
I think I'd take classes out there though
go to ireland and let your family fix you up
what did you major in DG69?
dg69 are you a good liar
slootonimics?
18:49:24 <blowing> DG69: go to Asia and make a race winner out of some lucky man
I think that's the move AtlasB 
blowing++
Irish government will pay for you to do a software conversion course at postgrad level if you have Irish citizenship as well dg69
DG69: is 25 and gorgeous ... Come move to Florida for the doctor!
yeah SexyMcSexington; in that pic, half the smart ones out of the ones I mentioned are wearing dark sunglasses
I'm ok bardolatta it depends why?
so no one would identify them
that pic will never come back to haunt them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=493pL_Vbtnc
Nice buartha ! My brothers both moved out there around my age and got their degrees in EE for a good deal I think
DG69: where are you again, in the US?
East Coast?
No west
Cali
ooh nice
SoCal?
Nope
if you have a history and you're honest, you'll have less of an excuse to give him an ultimatum
lolol
DG69: for some reason I thought you were Deep South
You're in NorCal?
I love how chill the Asian dude at the end is
Bay area 
Are you shitting me
whoa
why didn't you come to the meetup?
meetup!!
take pics
she wasn taorund then
what meetup?
OMG!!!!
wait your'e already in the bay area
I wasn't here when you met up :(
the SF meetup
enphuego sern and madsci met up
there are so many single engineers
i had to force serv
He's like a 6ish SMV but being around the rest boosts him to like a 9
that the dark and mysterious fiat refused to attend
ikr bardolatta lol
when was that?
Ahhh awesome! Did you guys have fun?
a few months back filozof
6:52 PM <bardolatta> there are so many single engineers <--- maybe she doesn't want engineers. Doesn't want to sort out all the spergs or doesn't know where to look for them
she doesnt want a nerdgineer
Lol
she wants an attractive man
Lol
there are non-nerd engineers
Yeah like an Irish plumber
yeah lot of brogrammers
come to philly
There are lots of those in sf too
ill take you to 2 street
DG69: there's a business here called emerald plumbing
where th eirish boys live
Just come here
No here
Lol
lol
go toblwoing she sallowed to go out
I'm going to make a cross country road trip
what was the problem with the guy you're living now
my ex was irish
black irish
from a cop and firman family
Irish are more common east and mid west than west coast i think
I'll write "cock carousel tour 2016" and decorate my car
he looke dlike pierce brosnan
kinda
Niceeee atlas
If you come to NOLA you could meet up with a hot Cajun!
you should visit all the incels on the way DG69
so you want CC or a boyfriend?
I don't need a bf for a minute
You won't understand a word he says but that's ok
Obviously SexyMcSexington 
but yeah if she wasn't picky about ethnicity then she could literally walk down the bay area yelling, "single irish womynnnn..!!! suuuey! come git some o' me pot o' gold"
ok so you can sloot up now
and get a hoard of offers
lol fiat
if you want to ride the carousel just get a tinder account
No tinder is for engagements
Lol fiat. Pot of gold
18:55:51 <+fiat> but yeah if she wasn't picky about ethnicity then she could literally w
fiat++
Yeah I know the power of tinder
We need something slootier
i dont understand why a girl would need advice on riding the CC
*18:55:51 <+fiat> but yeah if she wasn't picky about ethnicity then she could literally walk down the bay area yelling, "single irish womynnnn..!!! suuuey! come git some o' me pot o' gold"
isn't sex like everywhere?
ikr filozof
lol
Is going to a bar not a thing anymore?! The old sloots over this weekend were hooking up left and right
yeah I can't grok this question https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/3qog3k/how_should_i_initiate_sex/
nah they still have to put their foot out filozof
Blowing a bartender
Going home with patrons
are women seriously that unaware if they need advice on having sex?
patrons"
its even easier to have sex as a woman than it is as a gay man
yes
cause all the hetero dudes are thirsty
because why do they have to figure out how to initiate
Lol bardolatta what's wrong with that question
Hahaha fiat
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419abq/linkedin_photos_ranked_by_competence_influence/cz1mimf
Are you stalking me now
how are biology and chemistry not girly?
like why would need to initiate sex, sorry
i sometimes read people's archives
yes
also touching a guys thigh is very good advice
isn't it self-evident that they're girly?
I mean why would you need to initiate
i only get thigh touches from women who want to do sexy stuff with me
because they arent just attacking low SMV men
Well bardolatta when asked what they wish women did differently
Lots of men wished they initiated more
bardolatta: women initiate with iois
yeah women extend an ivitation
too many women give off false positive iois
it's strange, because the view I've developed recently is that CC riders are unintentional
if you arent looking youll miss it
if you know what to look for
theyre practically throwing themselves onto you
Also sometimes I'm horny
lies
i know but if you're 25 haven't you had this conversation with a man
I don't wanna wait
9:59 PM <bardolatta> it's strange, because the view I've developed recently is that CC riders are unintentional
They mostly are 
there arent *that* many actual sluts for the sake of slootery
I mean, just initiate how a man would
men don't care, kiss him
lol
thats not very feminine
Yeah I guess I just wanted to ask more guys
Don't just kiss a guy
Everyone was just like "be naked"
Call him to place where you are naked
lol it does work but i dont recommend it
that's awful
advice
i asked you if you're a good liar
besides thats putting both of you on the spot
from what I've heard from friends some guys don't like it because it makes them feel emasculated, but it probably wouldn't affect anything for ONSs or FwB, just LTRs
b/c pretending to be shy/awkard + initiating a kiss
is a killer combo
i dont understand how you can't know how to initiate sex
just start talking sexy to him
filozof I mean gracefully
Oh I think I have that nailed bardolatta 
touch him nicely etc.
stripping down and saying "you can take me now" is weird
Ok #ppdafterdark :)
i think the poroblem with initiated hard as a woman is that you possibly come off as slooty
that is nice too though
Hahaha bardolatta 
then you should do very well
but yeah girl being shy is nice too
blowing is probably right though
sempai?"
i guess you're just recovering emotionally
Ppdafterdark may be better
a woman doesnt come off as slutty if she initiates within a relationship
++filozof
filozof++ ?
i think its very nice actually if she initiates
im pretty sure lots of men would want that
one of the commenters i remember was downvoted for saying i should never initiate or ill come off as slutty
it would make them feel wanted if a woman initiated with them
19:02:17 <bardolatta> b/c pretending to be shy/awkard + initiating a kiss
this
that depends on whether you want to initiate with random guys
or with a bg
bf*
I mean I guess the incomprehensibility of is seducing a guy is easy from my perspective
if she acts awkward, shy, and nervous, but really interested
then that is the perfect combo
maybe ill just get pregnant
no i still think it can some off as slutty without context
shy girls melt my heart
especially if a girl normally isnt shy
ikr filozof 
if shes so willing to jump on your dick why not another dick?
but is shy for me
filozof im really shy
DG69: i can't tell whether you're for real
DG69 you dont seem shy when you talk to me
about what
;)
like do you legit not know how to ride the carousel?
i think she's that oblivious
no I think it's possible
how can somebody be that obvious
i mean, of course i know how to have casual sex
lol DG69 has tinder
if you're not a partyer
tinder
"ey baby want sum fuk?"
basically
i think being a good liar is a good skill for sex. Even if I suspect it, it can still work wonders for me
done
now you're riding the carousel
okay then what is the problem DG69 
but why
would you want to
but apparently i should be banging rock stars and stuff
LOL
why cant i break into that 20%
you can do that too
who's telling you you should?
just go after them
assuming you want to
oh then youd have to be girly DG69
but aren't you afraid of being alpha widowed
honestly it's one of the reasons why i think sluts have their perks
im pretty sure you could bang an actor or an athlete if you wanted
just be slutty
personally i think it is sweet that you rode the beta carousel
nah
or you can pretend to be a prepubescent girl and bang bill clinton
if actors and athletes are sexually satiated
lol sernem aww
pretty sure hes into that
you have to bring more than sex
one of the few girls I dumped mercilessly was this chick who had a hard time hiding the fact that she was uncomfortable with sex
19:08:00 <filozof> or you can pretend to be a prepubescent girl and bang bill clinton
drove me nuts
hahaaha
well no shit fiat
lol
if all girls rode the beta carousel i would be the #1 supporter of sluts
i hope you like saying daddy DG69 with that youthful look
like she couldn't even kiss. why should that be a problem if you're already having sex
ah yes lots of "yes daddy" in my future
yes daddy and thats not supposed to go in there, daddyQ
wouldn't it be weird if you hooked up with a younger dude
for however long i can get away with that
7:07 PM <SerNemesis> personally i think it is sweet that you rode the beta carousel <--- hahaa
i just have to go for 100 year old dudes
and you called him "daddy"
how many beta dicks is equal to one alpha dick
for n-count
filozof that would be weird :P
is a beta dick a real dick
the more attractive the guy is, the higher he counts
Hahahha
filozof++
can you not just be carousel-widowed
so a 1/10 guy is one dick
a 10/10 guy is ten dicks
no a 5/10 is one dick
i think micropenis counts as negative one dick
19:09:47 <+fiat> how many beta dicks is equal to one alpha dick
no it counts as a pityfuck
5?
SexyMcSexington: or 5/10 guys count for 0
10/10 guys count for 5
and 1/10 guys count for -5
or something
what about incels
that way you can become a virgin by banging incels
I think RP oversells hypergamy
like i suggested
incels lower your n count
yess
obviously to whip up beta rage
they have to exaggerate it
i have my plan
you just have to visit me and carkudo
I did it myself once
be on the way to becoming a born again virgin
the ppd pussy fairy?
at the same time? :D
didn't imagine it would drive shy girls to try to bang rockstars
we can do a threesome
nice
what you want to do is add up the n counts of everyone you have had sex with
i know you'd like that
and then take the square root
actually threesomes are so hard to coordinate
(I read a thinkpiece on it)
i had one through tinder
this is why i trust SerNemesis's models
tinder is the answer to all things
listen to that formula
wwwhat
it's not perfect but it's fundamentally brilliant
you had a threesome
square root of n counts, it makes so much sense
i have had 2
2 guys?
1 of each kind
a devil threesome
i bet you math plebes can't even appreciate the thought that went into that
now the question is, which was better
you're bi?
shes tri
me myself and i
nahh im not bi
then what's the point
the guys were better duh
checking to see if i am bi, obviously
oh
but why have the guy there
i should have asked him that
so more guys are better than less?
why are you even here?
me?
no i should have asked the guy why he was there lol
19:13:35 <+fiat> i bet you math plebes can't even appreciate the thought that went into that
wow so you had a tinder date with a girl and some guy just barged in?
we should tell coratoad the next time she is here
how does that work
i could imagine the n-counts for the guys she banged being laid down like plates... like an area
what's the square root of n counts?
you obv take the square root of that
no, tinder is how i met the 2 guys. the mff 3some was with my now-ex-bf and a mutual friend
i mean it's a good estimation. Obv you could make it more precise by using calculus
oh
but square root of that just makes so much sense
what is that estimation of?
something akin to "effective n-count", filozof 
or maybe take a logarithm
every digit added increases your sluttiness
Is tinder mostly used as a hook up app or a dating app?
that is not mathematically sound.. it just doesn't make sense in my mind
i dont really see why the square root would be so meaningful
i think its mostly hookups buartha
dating for women
hookups for men
im pretty sure
dumb prude women changed tinder into a dating app
lol
how did they do that
by not putting out
whats interesting is that the creator of tinder is against height discrimination
even though he made the most superficial app ever
is he short?
thats why you dont have height on your profile i think
some guys literally only put their height
while girls will put "6ft+ only"
end of bio
i have never seen that in poland for some reason
but i have seen girls putting their heights
i guess it seems less bitchy
i've only seen the tall ones put it though
mostly 175cm+
how tall are you filozof
tinder is for hookups and women who think they can find a relationship by hooking up
are you about to height-shame me?
tinder was made to be superficial. i think the prude women are just hoping they can find a guy that looks good and also be a diamond in the rough
yes filozof its only fair
i think it makes sense for women to use paid services. those would prob have more serious men
looking for more than hookup
why? :(
i havent shamed anyone
i like tall girls
and short girls
you slut shamed before haven't you
and the average ones
right, i slut shame
he slut shames me all the time
so i accept being virgin shamed
haha
i wont height shame you :)
ok
I still think you should try to get married ASAP
i'm looking at google trends
i don't know, what's your height preference? :P
what's the bad news
"redpill" is growing linearly
bardolatta?
like one of these days someone's going to publish a "don't marry women over X" manifesto
what about google trends for "prenup", "mgtow", etc 
other terms
i never thought about marriage as being good for me
red pill alone doesn't say enough
idk why i grew up more cynical than everyone on trp lol
I mean
but i swore off marriage when i was like 16
you get money
just for not thinking two people are meant to stay together forever
and you don't have to do anything you don't want
just doesnt really resonate with me
but marriage has nothing to do with staying forever
what's the alternative to marriage
i never thought about marriage as a good deal for women before ppd
wow
i mean, i saw women that cleaned their husbands out in divorce
wow what?
i think women want marriage way more than men
you know, rich divorcees is definitely a trope for a reason
but that didnt seem appealing to me
they didnt seem happy to me
how are you doing economically
eh im struggling lol
i dont have any debts student or otherwise
robots are going to demolish what's left of the middle class
Women end up worse off after divorce long term usually unless they're in the minority who are gold diggers from poor families who got a few children out of the guy before they divorced
in like 5 years
i think marriage is good because you get to have a family
that's normal. you're 25 right?
family is everything
without debts that's not that bad
i dont understand how you can live your life without family
yeah i am doing about as well as my peers
that seems so sad
why isn't rich divorcee appealing?
most of whom do have student debt tho
you're the same - you have more money
because the women who have done this that i have personally known
just seemed miserable
how
i guess you could say money cant buy happiness
for a blue pill cliche
why were they miserable
money staves away misery... until around 70k-75k mark
lonely
then it just levels off
i mean, they'd be more miserable w/o money
70k-75k USD, i mean
right? how would poverty negate loneliness?
divorce leads to loneliness
i think
and youre probably lonely and miserable in the marriage
life leads to loneliness
feel trapped
in a loveless marriage: lonely and rich
it never in my life crossed my mind that i might die unmarried
rich divorcee: lonely and rich
no marriage: loney and poor
i dont understand people who dont desire marriage
like what are their ambitions in life
what do they want to do
i always knew i was going to die alone :D
i mean, thats only if i marry a rich guy bardolatta
well i don't desire it filozof 
i kind of feel like it's a duty not a desire
Some people can be happy without a family filozof, people can be satisfied by building a network of close friendships and having a job/ purpose that means something to them.  Though if someone is v keen on kids I can imagine not having them would be a regret
i think that the network of close friendships replaces family in this case
i've always felt kids would be more like "backup fiats"
not true, alimony laws squeeze every last drop from a lot of exhusbands
and instead of doing the emotional work of faking a marriage for years, why wouldnt i put that time and energy into something healthy and fulfilling
like having witzie replaces a daughter for AtlasB 
and make my own money?
rather than the original, one-and-only fiat
the judge will force them to work 2 jobs
making money is hard
the economy is becoming more winner take all
3:30 AM <fiat> i've always felt kids would be more like "backup fiats"> aye, you need someone to harvest the organs from
so you have to become a workaholic techie to get rich
yes 
buartha understands me
it's because he has an ENTJ male SO, i'm sure
well if marriage is a duty, who is this duty to?
you don't have to fake a marriage
bait in a rich you guy you genuinely like, hope for the best
the kind of rich divorcees that were my friends moms...like idk if they were always like that or what
but i dont think id be happy like that
maybe if we had no kids for me to be saddled with
oh you hate kids
i dont want to be a primary caregiver
i want to be a dad
a lot of women say they don't want kids
that's why you gotta marry richer
then they hit a certain age
get that beta footstool to hire a maid
a nanny
so you don't have to do mommy moocow things
i dont want my kids raised by nannys
i want an enthusiastic dad
so you want a stay at home dad
and also i want to adopt
D:
Lolol
heresy
when im like, 50
Please millenials stop
and get my tubes tied so i never have to be pregnant lol
With the adoption 
jk with the last part
i think you have excessive demands
Most people don't get alimony here (UK) and child support is based on current income and is generally pretty fair imo. I don't know what the craic is with America though
DG69 wants to have her cake and eat it too
i want all the cakes
it's not even excessive in a classical way
like height, wealth, alpha, etc
child support is based on current income  so millioniares have be pay $10k/month?
biotick tock
I would also like cakes DG69. I think that's the main point of a wedding tbh. Never again will you get such a big cake
if you have all the cakes youll get fat and then you cant divorce rape a rich guy
I only want a wedding because they're the best parties
but she's already fat
child support is so fickle
a unicurve
Don't need a marriage
i've never heard of anyone wanting an enthusiastic dad
for their kids
it's silly that split custody parents still have to pay support
filozof is fat shaming me now!
what? really, bardolatta 
3:35 AM <bardolatta> i've never heard of anyone wanting an enthusiastic dad> I hear it a lot
somebody do something!
what rock are you living under?
Yeah girls LOVE guys that are like, natural dads
i think i'd be an enthusiastic dad
i'm fat shaming DG69 
Imo
i have all these arena ideas
like, a good father
shame shame
i'll only harvest the very best organs
emotionally warm
from kids that killed the others
what's a "natural dad"
7:36 PM <fiat> i think i'd be an enthusiastic dad -- hey there ;)
those dads turn into the appeasement parent
Even I sometimes see dads cooing over their babies and am like 'awwwww'
Oh nvm just read the rest
lmao
i heard girls like charles manson type
Crap weirdo
is charles manson an enthusiastic dad?
probably
Yeah guys who are good with babies are a plus
I think
they are
but raising babies is cute, not sexy
a guy can't be rich and a primary caregiver
instant ovulation
And the one that bests and takes your prone organs will have earned his freedom fiat. It's all rather freudian
DG69: how old are you?
or a 50% caregiver with no nanny
she's 25
oh
girl go for mid 30s
*prime
men that age have friends with babies
hmmm, that's true buartha
right, go for old guys
it's only fair
far after their prime
the Child that surpasses the father must carry on the legacy
if i fail, that just means i was too weak
in all seriousness, i think i'd raise good strong kids
Yeah maybe I'll go old
i'd invest a lot into that
no cybernetic implant would be too expensive
maybe you'll change your mind when u meet the right guy
for a future conqueror
My mom satisfied the baby rabies by marrying a guy who already had 3 kids
not old lol
At my age
just older
like 7-10 years
I have babies but still have the rabies
Everyone told her she was crazy and she was like
baby rabies is insane
What
I want kids
I like kids
so go older
He comes with 3
few men at 25 want kids
at their age
Well I don't yet either lol
the only guy i know who wanted kids at 27
if i had kids at all, i'd prefer mostly my own. wouldn't mind maybe 1-2 adoptees
was military and he married a 20 year old virgin
I think my genes have value
after like 9 months of meeting her
what's so bad about being primary caregiver
I would do experiments on my kids testing nature/nurture
For the man?
as a man, bardolatta ?
no for her
im super smart, so my genes have value
Kills attraction 
id liek to pass them on
It seems boring bardolatta 
And annoying
DG69: my kids are awesomely different and were born that way
nature is a strong bitch
I'd love to adopt, but partner is very against it
then what was wrong with my idea of getting a beta provider to hire a nanny, DG69 
but somehow you don't want the nanny to do it, you want him, the love of your life, to do it
??
I want him to want to do it
doesn't make sense, you don't want to be a primary caregiver, but don't want a nanny either
but you don't make enough alone
i would "adopt" someone's kids if they were the children of my spouse
You guys want naturally submissive women whatever
you'd be single income family
not the children of strangers
in a dual income world
I want a natural dad
What's weird about that
because you're competing with Dual income families
I'd totally foster parent if I were rich 
lol
that's how econ is right now
i'ts not weird. it's biologically normal
She doesn't understand it will kill attraction 
how is he going to make money if he spends all his time changing diapers
Kids love me, even if I don't like them
raising babies makes women ovulate, not get wet
mine aside, of course. 
in all honesty, it doesn't really seem like DG69 likes work in general
she's going to be overworked as single earner
Know hwat happens with ovulation?
and it'll lower her libido
their sex drive goes up 
Ok jeez lol I'm not having kids anyway
and she'll also lose attraction to the H at the same time
for like a few days
Good night all!
hmmm I'm not armed with links to stories about people who said they wanted natural dads
then ended up hating them for it
goodnight!
only links for women who rode the carousel and got sad
You can send me your babbies and I will raise them DG69, no worries
nah they dont *hate* them
Bardi all women want to MARRY that
i'm totally unprepared for this fight
wait what kills attraction??
Oh wait
No I got it
What are you talking about 
You guys
it's not just the attraction aspect of it, even guys these days get overworked as single earners
men raising kids?? or primarily raising kids?
My parents will watch the kids
LOLL
That's how mine did it
There you go
yeah but you have 20 sisters DG69
It's an Irish thing
Thats normal
ok, that makes sense
We can both go to work
atlasb persuading her that money>her husband watching the kids
primarily. Mind you, it's generally the mom that raises them. Dad's do things with them and teach them not to be emo
Is true DG69 I was raised by my nan when younger
men provide. women nurture
See?
imo
well then why when i mentioned nanny you said you'd prefer the dad by primary caregiver
hey someone has to stop the emo outbreak
And me by my granddad
dad: stop being a pussy emo outbreak fixed
so Nanny versus DAd
no one person can do it all and be good at it
he has to be a natural dad and a natural earner and a natural alpha and a natural sweetie
they burn out 
Dg is a gun Moll not a moo cow 
Well I don't like the idea of both parents being always absent fiat, there's a stigma to nannies
She just needs to find her ride or die man
but kids dont need 24/7 love
nannies give kids benedryl to make them sleep!
i saw it on oprah
kids need time to be alone 
LOL Sunhappy
i know, but i sort of meant that if you don't like being primary caregiver yo can pass the work on to someone else
if it's to grandparents instead of nanny, more power to you
ride or die man?
Haha AtlasB now where is he
so a superalpha that doesn't want kids?
Fiat this is why I say I don't want kids lol
Man to be ride or die with 
But everyone insists I will
ah
Dg you be a gun Moll with me lol
Omw atlas
meow
does that mean you have
two tickets to the gunshow
How am I going to go to sleep and wake up at 6 am???
i'm listening to instrumental soft songs on spotify. helps relax my brain
The whole not wanting nannies to raise kids is a sticking point annoy potential kids for me and partner too. He's adamant about boarding school
this is so depressing
before sleep! :3
Whats depressing 
nanny is just... someone else to help take care, can be boarding school, grandparents, whatever
you'd think with the proper enticement of alimony statistics
so buartha you're saying you want to be more involved?
women would be dying to get married
what about your career though
Dg isn't a mommy moo cow, not all women are,  she a courtesan and a gun Moll 
you got a PhD!!
Lol alinony
No women think about that 
i dn't think women enter marriage thinking about alimony 
Didn't think about it til ppd 
cuz they don't think they'd ever end or be hte reason to end a marriage
Some women have always been molls
the problem with people who advocate for gradual RP reform
I wonder how many divorce rapes trp has caused
yeah even greedy women would more liekly marry for in-marriage money and status over alimony
as opposed to collapsing the system and rebuilding it is
From making women realize they have the option
if you remove those enticements, women will stop getting married entirely
Divorce is a status killer
very very very few people are ready to handle a total collapse of any system
Women don't marry looking forward to divorce
You get shunned by your friends
dg69 i suspect zero
If they're still married
which is better? a dead sexless marriage at 30 or divorced at 30?
if you're not looking for a divorce you don't search for it
for men vs women?
I got married without that enticement 
and it's easy to search for before th esub
Marriage is female status signalling
yea, high status males will avoid women who initiated divorces before
Its the only female status
At all
i know some women who get divorced at 24
and remarry by 30 and their status is fine
divorce is like... n-count +5 to +10!!
*got divorced
what's "moll"
gangster and moll
There are wives and mills 
ok what's depressing is I read Kate Bolick being single at 40 and I wonder "how did that happen"
Molls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_moll sometimes she carries the gun, bardolatta 
but talking to dg it makes more sense
does the status matter only post wall?
And some wives are molls
I'd rather my career take a back seat if it meant I didn't get to spend time with hypothetical babbies fiat. My partner would defs not do they nuturing thing, and what if they grew up and felt like they'd missed out on that? There's no taking that kind of thing back 
AtlasB: ?
companion to a gangster
Its the only female status that ever matters
buartha you're such a perfect little rpw
Its the only 100% female status 
hm
yeah, being a gf doens't have the same appeal anymore
I can't explain the gun Moll mommy moo cow theory on my phone
it's nice!! but i'd much rather be a wife by 30 than a LT gf
yeah for sure
the fact that some women do need a ride or die man
Gfs are mistresses
i see women around dc
Courtesans
Nothings 
who are so proud of their relatoinship lasting 5+ years
that or impending 40-dom/post-wall loneliness
they're in it to win it, etc
too easy to spend your prime years as a gf without getting to wife status
in their 40
40s
and then be left at 30 without anyone
well, i like laura doyle's concept of knowing where it's going after 6 months
Most women spend their 20s as some mans mistress
I mean I guess I understand carousel riders better now
And think it means something 
and if it's not leading to marriage or if you don't think it is going to progress to that, then next him and move on
and not waste time
yeah, Sunhappy , 6 months is a decent amount of time
they don't think "I'll give my youth to alphas and bleed a beta later"
more like "I'll ride the carousel forever" then change their mind
Of course not
Duh
Its not even that conscius
I feel so powerless for not being able to persuade dg to get married
i think plenty of women think they'll have fun first
and then settle down
well that's what they're told to do
your 20s is about finding yourself and having fun!!
You're imputing a lot of spergy thought to women 
i'm more even talking about the ones in LTRs in their 20s
is what they're telling women
yeah
what spergy thought?
guess i'm not misogynistic enough
but not LTRs progressing towards marriage
i'm imputing?
LTRs should be 2-3 years max
Not talking to you 
not 5+ indefinitely
right. Lori Gottlieb talked about her xp and i think that hers was the archetypal xp
ah, sorry
Aw bardolatta haha
she wasn't planning on taking advantage of anyone
Extro alert extro alert run for the hills!! https://i.imgur.com/EMuYoMe.png?1
but I think there's hope
or "settling" at a later point in her life
Of course not
I'm this close to getting vamp to admit that RP is true
No plans 
I think I made a lot of progress with her
it just ended up that way. there were no plans
"Don't be boring" runnnnnnn
An extro is gonna get you
i'm just curious what's a person's life plan if they don't plan on marrying
she just didn't feel ready to be tied down to her great bf
girlfriend isn't even a status 
Why do you want to convince me to marry bardolatta 
ZingMaster: how did you feel as a gf?
i'm worried that people who dont want to marry will regret it later
or did you court your husband vs date him?
I'm embarassed to use the title
same reason liberals want to ban the powerball
and casinos
so i'd like them to have it all thought through
it's a tax on the poor
not "maybe i'll marry maybe not, whatever"
ZingMaster: why?
but I'm in my 30s so it's like I'm too damn old to be a girlfriend
filozof> i'm worried that people who dont want to marry will regret it later
I feel that way too
about "permanent players"
I mean to me it's not even close, that getting married to make you happier
ah i see
male and female
being single is a luxury, yeah
but i think that applies more to women than men, slightly
What? Being single is a tax on the poor?
my colleague is 47 and wants to be a gf
because men don't actually lose financially, by much
brb 15min
they just risk more
but I also don't put a lot of weight in marriage as a status
my mom's on her third and my dad his second
idk, i think ti's weird to date someone for a year
and still call them your friend to others
Caplan's argument for why staying unmarried was a tax on the poor, a luxury
is for stuff like cohabitation
i categorize friends and SOs different
and raising of kids
but for men, men don't pay much for living anyway
yeah
oh, I had a SO who introduced me to others as his friend after we'd been dating for two years
I say "partner" 
they pay shit for living in shitty places
pissed me off
lol
I moved fast with this last one we moved in after 3 months
partner to me is for gay couples
i can't imagine a couple in their 40s calling themselves boyfriend and girlfriend
the only reason they move into safer areas is for their wives/gfs/kids
since they're hte only ones i remember using it growing up
i imagine its for teens and 20s people
I think "partner" is a nice way to say "someone I'm more committed to than bf/gf, but we're not married"
that's the impression I get from it, anyway
i wonder if the gay usage of partner is because of wanting to stay closeted
Partner is nice, my brother uses that
or because they don't feel "husband" is appropriate in gay relationships
shorthand for "life partner" I tink
nah i'd like to get mail
*think
server keeps splitting
and it says "Mrs"
DG69: what's your brother's sexual orientation
I don't really care about marriage, but I care about having someone to grow old with
madscilove: but you're engaged!
ugh i need to consider moving in with gf soon. it's been months. maybe i'll rent a place closer to where we work. it's a real drag commuting anyway
Sunhappy: I'm not against it either! :P
lol
I planned on staying with him forever either way
if he wants to get married, that's cool with me. if he didn't, that's cool too
i'd like to be married before 30
He's straight filozof but he has a kid with his live in gf
i'd be depressed otherwise
to be on okcupid into my 30s
So they were "more" than bf/gf
I still don't care about being a Mrs
beautiful for nothing
ok, so i guess partner is more appropriate than girlfriend
lol Sunhappy  we say partner in nursing because we don't always know the status
I don't see that as status
wasting my years
I don't feel like I wasted any years
haha aw but you're in a good relationship
I could have had less fun
i know i wasted lots of years
Instead I had more fun
i am. just hoping R wants me put a ring on it
And I turned out ok
*wants to put
i wish i knew how to have fun
yeah
ish
he has a kid, though, so a year isn't a long time from his perspective
filozof: that's why I'm coming to visit
filozof: just do a lot of stupid things. and drugs
might not be
you are DG69 ?
hmm. idk. i haven't asked
i'm sure we could have fun together
DG69: just don't be alpha widowed
you have more experience in that than me
my friend is 3 years out from her last relationshp and still texts him praying he'll respond
yikes, that is sad
yeah :(
I'll show you the ropes filozof 
My friend is like that with his ex
the ropes? i'm not sure i like bdsm
I've heard "it takes twice as long to get over someone as you were with them"
Lol not what I meant
DG69: Matron Saint of Incels.
We had to talk him down from a bridge the night she got engaged
madscilove: her first and only. hard to get over
ouch
poor girl
first loves are hard
plus she's super submissive. she needs a hard alpha to just force her to marry him
Jeeez
cuz otherwise she'll wait for the CW perfect guy
madscilove: I think that rule was made by someone who just really sucks at life
who cries while kissing her while holding her face
buartha that's intense
lol zingmaster
if you're with someone for 6 years... Ehhhh
I always just made myself think of the shitty things exes did
it's so easy to romanticize the past
just gotta remember that no, everything was not perfect.
my rule is to find better dick
lol
Aye DG69. He's a bit better now, though I suspect if she called him he'd ditch the current gf in a heartbeat
or be logical
rofl
lolol
Sunhappy++
yes, that too
xD
I just focused on the positives and what I learned from it
8:08 PM <madscilove> it's so easy to romanticize the past <----- "Why God whyyy!!??"
Haha Sunhappy 
if the dick is better than the last guy, even if said dick doesn't want you any more, you're now officially over your ex
"She/He was the only one for meee"
"WHY UNIVERSE"
I think I like to maintain a certain amount of control of my feelings in relationships, like making sure I'm not too dependent, making me quick to get over them
what I could have done better so that I can avoid it in the future... or try... 
"we were souuuuuulmates"
^ now there's a load of crap
But maybe I pick people I could never really love hard to begin with
you don't believe in soul mates?
nope
Hash tag deep
i think you can love anyone
if you choose to
I think a lot of people just call people soulmates because they jive well
me too
and there are plenty 
yeah, love is a choice 
I think there are thousands of people out there that I could fall in love with, or be happy with
infatuation isn't 
Love is nothing more than an action
so if one doesn't work, there's always a next one
love leads to oneitis
thinking that that specific person is the only one
marriage is kind of legal oneitis
i think that oneitis is useful
if you think that person is really that great
its easy for you to love them more
and be happier yourself
I can't imagine being in a relationship with someone other than partner, but I'd probably feel different if I had more  relationship experience
otherwise you would be thinking that youre with a shitty person
i had a lot of "soulmates" and close friends i felt like i was forced to separate from; just gotta get it out of system.
so many couples fail because they focus on the negative 
and would be bitter over how many people are better than them
and make their partner into a bad person by doing so
I've loved and been loved by a lot of people
snapped me out of the "only one for me" thing pretty young
lotta heartbreak too, but hey, builds character
This is making me nostalgic you guyssss
ive been in love only once before. i think once you hit the second one, if ever, you can adapt better
i think of those folks who fell in love, got heartbroken and were so torn up about it, they never moved on
yeah i think third time's the charm too, Sunhappy 
or tried to
I don't think I've ever been in love and it frustrates me when people say you can't describe it
I've been in love maybe six or seven times
and now are on the "the one that got away" " we were soulmates" thing
Or "you'll just know"
What.
lol
The only comparable love I've had to my SO is to my brother, which probably sounds creepy but it's basically my only comparison point, haha
i know i'm in love cuz my usually logical self is now a fucking idiot
the ones i moved away from are married and i went to the ceremonies of a couple.
and full of feelz
felt nothing
and my faces are either :3 or :( all day
aw buartha that is sweet
i mean i felt good for them, but there's basically no regret/bitterness/etc
buartha that's weird you say that, I feel similar
love is pretty overwhelming
i think
About your brother
love is horribly overwhelming
but nice
I still love everyone I've ever loved. ouch, now I'm thinking about it
Same madscilove 
I don't love my exes
i may have a soft spot for past lovers, but i don't actively love them
I appreciate the experiences
you can't love two people at once
yeah my brother is my closest friend. it's not comparable at all though; no limerence obviously
and I have a good respect for my kdis' dad
just a lot of trust, respect, etc
I think infatuation/lust is stronger than love
I disagree. I think you can love many people. you can only really devote your life to one or two, though
mostly because i don't have stable friends that stick around
mostly long distnce now
love might be infinite, but time's sure not.
i cannot feel the level of emotion i have for R
dg69 i'll try to keep it short
across multiple persons
there's no country for older single women
My strongest feelings were when I had crushes in the 6th grade
just look at jerry hall
i would destroy myself from the sheer magnitude of it all
Hahaha DG69 
aw DG
that is sweet
To the bro thing
is that infatuation 
I had and have very little connection to my brother
that makes me feel a tiny pang of guilty, because i was a dork in elementary; i remember i had a gf who was completely infatuated with me and i treated it as a joke
when i moved she kept sending me letters every week for year
years
while i wrote back maybe once every two months
lol
or charlize theron
so alpha, fiat
even as a kid
it wasn't alpha, i was just a kid/dork
lol
was more interested in tv, games, and male friends, lol
popularity, that sort of thing
i didn't really feel limerence until late in high school
bardolatta I'm going to think about it, maybe even pursue it now, because what's the worst that will happen if it doesn't work out
Maybe
Maybe I will
ahh, my first boyfriend. high school
he was a player and I was his home base 
huffpo blog posts by single childless women in their 50s is the second most depressing category of non-fiction, next to gulag memoirs
The thing is, I crushed on the dorkiest guys in hs
like I don't think you'll make it to 50, or even 40
i felt awful about it later, and went to visit her/her family when i was in my mid 20s and had pocket money to visit canada on my own
I think you'll hit 29, and quickly marry a guy
even if you devote yourself to eternal singlehood
I'd put it later
35 
Yeah later
but the later you marry the unhappier your marriage will be, ceteris paribus
i disagree
that won't persuade impulsiveness though
Hmm
Nah, saddest non fiction is by that incel guy who hates his mammy and nan
the older you get, the more real you are
right
the less you really care about smaller things
I'd expect young marriages to be the worst
generally
i think young marriages are usually bad
after 5-7 years
because young people are still figuring out who they are and what they want
yeah
I do not think I'd be happier right now if I'd married at 20
yes. Especially early 20s
you change a lot in your 20s
cuz kids enter the picture, you have less money to stretch
Or anytime before now
more job changes
and decrease in sex
Women don't want to get married that young
Marrying older to someone from a similar economic background with a high level of education is best iirc
sure, i just don't think it's a good idea to wait too long (and I get that i'm being a total hypocrite by saying this)
And I don't think it's in their best interest to
no, lots do, just for all the wrong reasons
Despite trp
I wanted to find my life partner that young, actually
In termd of no divorcr
and they're too immature to realize what goes into a marriage
*terms
"marriage material" tends to be stable
ever since I was 15, I wanted someone to be with forever :P
I wanted to marry my BF when I was 19
and stay in an LTR
so you get a smaller and smaller pool
as we get older
i didn't want to marry anyone at 20
dg69 i don't think women are surrounded by the right men at 20
all the boys were losers
it just took me til 21 to meet the right person
no one was a man yet
since ideally the guy should be like 6 years older
and you're with your peers
i didn't meet a MAN until 24
john adams was 10 years older than his wife
shit, I settled down kind of young. never really realized that
aren't you 26?
i think our modern social institutions set up women to fail
yeah, been with him sicne 21 though
I had my first kid at 21 :| 
ah
Yeah but you're like not even sure who you are at 20, now that women can be s lot of things you know
It used to just be get married
you're always changing
my sister married at 20
Who wants to do that right away now
it's not like you marry at 29 and then you have yourself all figured out
she and her husband are amazing together. Been together for 13 years now
i mean what is your passion?
what have you found from 20 to 25
I was so desperate for commitment when i was 19 and single that if gay marriage had been legal and some random guy had proposed to me I probably would have said yes, haha
like most men don't have passions
20 to 25 was a huge learning curve of self
they work so they can afford to marry
if working didn't affect a man's smv 95% of men wouldn't work
buartha: that is me at 19!
they'd still work, bardolatta 
I've become an international-level athlete bardolatta ; I may not be making much money off it but the only wall I have ever thought about is what age I'll have to stop competing
It's my passion
get that cash for those body pillows and sex bots
and video games, fiat
oh yes those too
oh
oh wow, DG69 
what sport
DG69, I'm so sad I don't live near you anymore
you sound so awesome 
Haha madscilove it makes me sad too
I'm a runner fiat
i wish you'd told me this earlier
there's a lumineers song about you
Why?
long distance, DG69 ?
Mid-distance
Dead Sea
which song, ZingMaster?
ooh
I love the lumineers 
because that kind of thing, going to the olympics, is meaningful
in a way that most careers aren't
and you need to travel
Yeah, that's the status I care about
Not marriage
so marriage would be harder
Being an Olympian etc
yeah that kind of job is rare
Zingmaster: Me too!
I got to see them live once
it was magical
I want to see them live. I hear they're quite the presence 
bardolatta maybe it's that I feel like I'd be sacrificing more
In the way of my own personal pride
To marry now
the "not wanting to be pregnant" thing makes even more sense now
it'll warp your body, all that you've built up
Haha
Yeah
Although women have done it
what are your chances for representing america in the olympics
Alysia montano ran an 800 while 8 months pregnant lol
She wasn't that fast obviously, but she's the us record holder
or whatever tier is below that
i have qualms about jogging distances and other cardio work because i had irrational fears about it affecting my gains
and work plyometric work/power work for boxing/mma
lol
so i get the concerns about pregnancy, something way more dramatic
would have on distance running
feels like you're sabotaging something you worked hard to build up
It's pretty good bard, I've competed at Olympic level before, the level just below I guess
oh wow
uh
Fiat cardio makes you hotter, don't shy away
I feel like I should try to google who you are now
Lol
No
Don't
my interest wasn't in being hotter for girls
as surprising as that may sound. lol
i knew fully well that most girls don't want roided out bodies
You sound like girls who say they don't wear makeup for guys :P
a lot of girls of my ethnicity, for instance, think guys like me are a bit too big. they prefer kpop style pretty boys
kind of pisses me off
tell me dg69 what's the appeal of swimmers
wide shoulders dude
lean muscles, not too bid
I read at the olympics the girls all want to sleep with the swimmers
*big
I actually prefer water polo
right, same thing
But I guess it's just all about otter mode dude
fiat> a lot of girls of my ethnicity, for instance, think guys like me are a bit too big. they prefer kpop style pretty boys
i wanna know about the olympic sex orgies
*ducks*
They are human otters
yep, it's like that in hawaii too
tell us about those
might be the asian influence 
http://www.celebitchy.com/239803/hope_solo_basically_says_the_entire_olympic_village_is_doing_it_gross/
i had friends on the cal swimming team inc people who practiced with natalie  mclaughlin and they all had wide shoulders
strong delts and shit
lol bardolatta 
lean muscles, really wide shoulders from having the right muscles, etc
Yeah I was never going to go to the Olympics in a relationship
That would be dumb
plus they have the core muscles and movement
for sexy times
That is prime alpha cc right there
lol
sorry, natalie coughlin
this discussion makes me want to exercise a lot
instead i just ate a cookie
this chick's pretty hot
Were you describing male or female swimmers fiat lol
both... swimming does that to body
yes, it would
Swimmers tend to be cute
It does work the whole body
all athletes are good looking
because they're not fat...
in any case, Architect you were right a few weeks ago
I wouldn't say that
Some girl swimmers actually look average
i thought about it
Bmi wise
it's hard to be unattractive when your body is awesome
They can be almost chubby looking
because i read that the avg sex session is around 5 min for americans
lots of not fat people are still ugly
that is not enough to be considered good exercise
i didn't know the avg was so low
Oh, yea
I knew I was right
5 minutes?
so you're technically right. it's not good exercis if people are only doing it for 5 min
lol
jeez
I'm always right
you guys gotta learn this
:D
unless it's about Dragon Ball Z
then I've been known to be wrong
i just didn't know the avg was so low though. i mean if you play around for 30-60 min it should be good enough to work body...
this is bizarre place to chat with a (semi) olympian
all the guys i've met online are so uniform in their vocation
this is a bizarre place
the average time for a man to begin being pleased and to climax is 7min
I believe
so I guess if the average sex session is 5min
filozof++
lol
they started their hanky panky for like 2min
Yeah filozof lol
then intercourse happens
boom
lol
I don't feel like I'm the most bizarre
But maybe I am
DG69?
who's the most bizarre DG69 ?
i think you're high up
how can someone be a semi olympian?
i'm a bit bizarre too if i think about it
.modterm DG69 Not the most bizarre
you were either in the olympiics or you were not
Lol nice
maybe she was going to be in the olypmics
Well that's why he didn't say Olympian architect
or about to be
isn't that also a massive dox?
how many semi olympians can there be
I don't know
we already know how she looks
who's going to sit there and google it, though?
i dont really care if you know who i am
lol, reverse google search up this house
like, who actually cares that much
do people care if we know who they are?
I'd care that much
I've never tried to find anyone
if someone's an olympian here, who wouldn't google that?
you'd be lying
if you said you wouldn't
what's "semi olympian" though?
Idk what someone would get out of finding me
one of my teammates was going to be going to olympics for boxing for team mexico. disappointed they didn't pick him
I care a bit just because I've had stalker problems before
soup
yeah if someone was an olympian
i would want to know who they are
<filozof> what's "semi olympian" though? <- someone in the paralympics?
loool
sorry this is making my head spin, I interviewed an olympics pole vaulter once for my school newspaper
Well I'm not so you don't
it was the most sexual experience I've ever had, so lot of nostalgia right now
I know but still
it's mostly running
wtf is a rockling 
lol
is that a pokemon
I assume a sort of fish
she was getting a phd too
they're all fish
bardolatta, I once had Usain Bolt's sweat drip on arm. It was glorious, but disgusting. Disgusting, but glorious.
Lol the most sexual experience you ever had huh
*on my arm
did you lick it, Carkudo?
No
yeah she was doing a demonstration
tsk tsk
Carkudo: when was this?
you should have, Carkudo 
I haven't washed that arm either
so she was in gear
shoulda licked it
absorb his alphaness
I absorbed it through the skin
you know how much androgen or other hormones were probably in that sweat?
I want to absorb his sperm
Well, to be fair
That happened in 2013 and in 2014 I almost kinda sorta got laid
SO YEAH USAIN BOLT'S SWEAT MADE ME FUCKING ALPHA
Whoah!
kinda sorta got laid?
im actually interested in you actually answering this question
filozof, ALMOST being the keyword
what was the most sexual experience youv'e had Carkudo 
Archie, you first
visiting a prostitute i guess
well Architect is not an incel
I've had sex, so that was the most sexual experience ive had
weak
Lol
well
ive had threesomes, so I guess that's more sexual than normal sex
so I guess that
...okay
Carkudo++
Carkudo: have you kissed a girl?
Architect++
For threesomes
I'm torn between visiting a prostitute and those two times I actually made out with a girl
im purely curious, Im not shamin' ya
You could sell your arm for millions
DG69: thank you for your approval :P
dg69 i'm a vol-cel (think mormon)
dude
you made out with a girl
Lmao buartha is right I'd pay
sick
buartha, I might just have to, what with the economy going down th eshitter and all
girls taste pretty cool
Uh, yeah, I guess they do lol
...
you should get yourself an escort
oh yeah youre in russia
girls just taste like people
yup
oh you poor sob
madscilove: no
bardolatta does that mean it is a religious thing not a mgtow thing?
they don't
How old are you?
I have a theory about this
seriously, girls and guys taste the same
like spit
vol = voluntary
lol
no not mgtow
Lol
madscilove: as a woman, you're out of your depth here. 
jkjk
pfffft
please
I'm curious why are you volcel bardolatta and how old are you
i was considering getting an escort
still might
Privileged Atlas is privileged
You should 
religious, 23
i think guys taste sweatier than girls
my xp is comparing me to girls
wut
how would you know?
i'm comparing myself to girls...
Are you waiting til marriage? Where are you? bardolatta 
I think between madsci me and Dg the girls have slept with more women than all the men combined 
how can yout aste yourself
yeah
how do you taste yourself though?
Architect: i like myself...
<Architect> how can yout aste yourself <- there are ways...
Lmao AtlasB 
i lick myself
fiat: LOL
i'm in the bay area...
im actually laughing
Oh what
i'm licking my arm furiously right now
salty
i gave myself a headache
Everyone is here
half the people here seem to be in the bay area
i wish i was there too
Right??
haha
AtlasB++
well including atlas in that is not fair
if it's men vs women, drok probably hands it to the boys
Ok everyone has tasted themselves right
I've probably slept with the least women 
Of the women 
oh women
hmm
I don't know then
I was just going to correct you Atlas
I think boys win
But good of you to do it yourself lol
I'm right
i dunno DG69 N count though
only madscilove 
and drok 
dragon
I actually only have one woman :(
dragoness
fuck
how many women have you slept with, AtlasB 
4
DG69 doesn't like women
Counting on madscilove to take it home for the girls
what... wait i always thought you slept with a ton
lo
Nah
wow atlasb
yeah that's low
lol. I've got about 6 women
In not bisexual
ok, so 11 combined
fiat: whats your n count
Fiat I forget him 
about mid 10s... not actually that much
so did we convince fiat to come out of the witness protection program and meet DG69 and me?
Ooooo
ok so fiat beats the girls
take that
but i honestly thought atlasb or madscilove had more than me
Meet them!!!!
biatches
Fiat
yes, go meet them!
how does it even work
I've never asked
fiat: women scare me :P
I wish I could 
got much more men than women because they're less spooky
no one wants to meet me  even with my poutine
Yeah wait bardolatta needs in on this meet up too
Architect: i'd like to meet you
Should we make a bay area channel
lol, thanks filozof. You're a bro
Promise you'll take pics so I can kvell
That would feel nice to exclude people
why do i have to be left out? :(
lolol
DG69--
can you let me in too?
like
fly in from russia
I step away for 5 minutes
help me move to the bay area and let me stay in the channel
jesus
Yes?
all the incels should meet up with Carkudo in russia and we can all get russian escorts together
Hi, Jesus
Lol
please save meh
I have impure thoughts
Yusss
That'll be $100
You have to marry me for the visa Carkudo 
Jesus
To live here
please save me from my debts
Yes, Jesus
Arch you should totally get an escort 
I only provide divine salvation, sorry
Yea, I guess so
some girl from here should marry me so i can get a green card
and meet with you guys
who's up for it?
i know AtlasB is taken
Um
Atlas, marry me
I'm already marrying a foreign man, sry
maybe DG can help you out
maybe blowing once she's divorced?
yes
8:59 PM <madscilove> I'm already marrying a foreign man, sry <--- Carkudo, some other Russian beat you to the punch
I will agree for her
Wow I am his last resort
she accepts your proposal
you're fixed. 
haha
xD
madscilove where is your man from?
<madscilove> I'm already marrying a foreign man, sry <--- Carkudo, some other Russian beat you to the punch <- story of my fucking life
DG69: Russia
although he's very americanized. 
Where in Russia?
Whaaaat haha how cool!
all of it?
moscow, but he left before the USSR fell
Bah
Moscow isn't Russia anyway
lol
do you have a dashcam?
haha. no, no dashcam
we like watching them on youtube though
Moscow is plenty russian. it's St Petersburg that's the standout
Yeah lol thanks Russia for dash cams
why does Architect need to get an escort?
i though he's doing pretty well sexwise
speaking of, i need to figure out if we're going to have to deal with people asking us a bunch of questions when we get married
Yeah what's up
to prove it's not a greencard marriage
probably
booo
Moscow is very different from the rest of Russia in many ways actually
=my mom took me to the US on a K2 visa
there was a lot of "proof" needed
K2 being the fiance visa 
The visa process in general is insane in the US
where is your family from originally?
ZingMaster
Canada
ohh, gotcha
I think I knew that
and we're back here now
maybe it is a greencard marriage and this is an elaborate attempt to get timestamped logs to back up your application :p
A friend of mine was rejected for a tourist visa despite being full-time employed AND a student here. He had all the financial statements and shit too
master manipulator madscilove
At least Japan won't even let you submit the application unless it's pretty much guaranteed you'll get the visa
I went to highschool in the USA. You know they don't require proof of living there?
at the time, at least. 
it was illegal to deny education to a minor 
filozof: i've gotten sex, but it's not on demand
american government are still arrogant enough to assume everyone wants to go there so are happy to jump through absurd visa hoops just to do so
do you know what do i need to do to get a visa to the us?
Zing, that's crazy
Carkudo> Moscow is very different from the rest of Russia in many ways actually
how so? I don't know much about Russia
did you ever live in Japan Carkudo ?
pretty much everyone i work with avoids america like the plague because it's just such a fucking hassle to visit
Proof of living is like... proof that you live legally in the US? Or specifically in that particular city, district, etc.?
legally live in the US
Madsci, culturally, economically
dg69 have you ever considered that getting married will make you more emotionally grounded
and let you perform better and longer
Zing, that's fucking crazy. Here you have to provide proof that you live in this school district to even just apply
depends on the sort of marriage, doesn't it?
Unless it's a private school, obviously, but nobody goes to private schools
and finding the right person
i mean sure
Carkudo: that's standard for cosmopolitan "global cities" though
they many things in common with other global cities; some have more in common with the international archipelago than their own host nations
fiat, the point is that it's very different from the rest of Russia
NYC, PAris, London, Shanghai, Tokyo, etc, have lots of things more in common with each other than their own countries
right i agree there
And when people commonly say that "Moscow is not Russia" it's really IS only half-joking
i think i just see mostly mid to uppermid class russian immigrants
bardolatta sure if I had met the right guy I guess
but of the ones i do see, the ones that standout behaviourally are those from st petersburg
I see most women in my profession being married
To other athletes
i guess a lot of things would be factored out like economics (since you'd have to meet a threshold to emigrate anyway)
<+fiat> but of the ones i do see, the ones that standout behaviourally are those from st petersburg <- well, we're all nobility here, so there's that
But I think it was a really important part of my life journey or whatever
Carkudo: that was before 9/11 though
Getting this far
I may have provided proof of address but not proof of being there legally
bardolatta: basically I don't think it's a good idea to get married or enter an ltr based on improving your own emotional stability
that's pretty noble
I think it was important for me to figure some stuff out on my own, otherwise I'd end up too dependent on another person for my happiness
Which is too big a risk
And unnecessary
this is a sensible opinion in #purplepilldebate
I feel that way about my own self improvment
someone pinch me
I feel like if someone helps me, I never did it ata ll
lol, we always have sensible opinions
especially me, i'm the most sensible
Thanks meeb!
i see no problem with having a partner who helps you improve
No one's ever used that word to describe me before
i feel that would make the relationship stronger
fiat, how did people from St.Petersburg stand out?
I have never heard you say something particularly non-sensical. I think you ask a lot more questions than you state opinions
bigger hats!
 Don't get used to it meeb
.addquote meeb> this is a sensible opinion in #purplepilldebate. someone pinch me
I can't really say I know any of your opinions on anything
We live to disappoint
madscilove: it's .quote add
.quoteadd meeb> this is a sensible opinion in #purplepilldebate. someone pinch me
damn it
too much beer
.quote add meeb> this is a sensible opinion in #purplepilldebate. someone pinch me
you need spaces
thanks filozof
they were more mellow/chill, Carkudo; smiled more, etc
Architect you thought I was like a married rpw lol
Me? naw
We talked the first night you got here
rpw?
maybe you forgot
when did DG get here?
I mean, most of the women who come here are married RPWs
so it was an easy guess if I did happen to say that
lol
fiat, that's sad
Yeah I remember we talked
meeb: red pill women
i got on the chat the night it was made
yes i got that
so you can't beat me
But then you were surprised once
how so, Carkudo 
but that makes it no clearer
When I said I was blue architect
Back a hundred years ago we were known as dark, brooding and moody
meeb: reddit.com/r/redpillwomen
And deep
i've got nothing. I can't tell someone not to blow up their life in pursuit of the sublime when I'd do it myself in an instant if not out of religious reasons (join a right wing paramilitary group)
Oh, yea. That was surprising. You're right
red pill women are women who think the red pill is true and try to be good partners to their husbands
before i click that is it going to make me want to stab people in the face
Basically, this tells me that St.Petersburg went from alpha to beta in one century
rofl, and guys from st petersburg are ruining that?
risk blowing up*
by submitting to them
Thanks Lenin
meeb: probably
lmfao
This chatroom is based on a gender wars sub meeb, the red pill are the bad guys
*click*
(Jk)
meeb: you don't know what TRP is?
(Mostly)
bad guys are cooler and sexier
buartha: but are you? are you reeeeally?
if so, you're in for an adventure
as Katniss. she couldn't stop talking about it earlier today
*ask
meeb: reddit.com/r/TheRedPill
yes, TRP is bad
that's why we're so sexy
just compare sith to jedi. Read the jedi code
bardolatta idk if I understand, you're just promoting marriage anyways?
boring no-lifers
then compare to sith code
Is that the sublime
real passion
no, nvm
i think that the vast majority of women is not as ambitious as DG69 
I think I'm starting to view people in here like a big family. They fight sometimes, but everyone generally supports each other..at least, the regulars. THe new people have to earn it
buartha is blue right??
like a politically inverted version of the bolsheviks
Blue pill for life madscilove. You guys munch away on your alfalfas, it's no business of mine
Architect: ikr
they used to rob banks and stuff before they ruled russia
it's positively heartwarming
Omg YES
haha
Purple pill for me and fuck all the radicals
I am DG69 
Who else is even blue
hey, alfalfa is good for you
dem sprouts tho
it's arcane
It's us vs the world buartha 
buartha identifies as a bper and that's fine and all
every bluepiller here is a redpiller in denial
but he has the mind of an rper
dude is neurotic
like the rest of us
griddy is a redpiller too
this self-diagnosis into hard groups is no better than the 'tredy' self-diangnosis of aspergers that became 'cool' a few years ago, because you or your partner suks at an aspect of a relationship doesn't mean you get a fashionable label for it which just makes it worse
everyone's a redpiller
otherwise they couldn't stand being here
Don't take buartha away from me
mostly
most blues change or leave
Or I won't be able to stand being here
done
buartha and DG69 just have iron constitutions
;)
too much stupid for one day
I hate TRP
they're arrested at the stage of Self Help Book Consciousness
I identity as not neurotic fiat, shaddap
you're not red, bardolatta?
"The history of all countries shows that the working class, exclusively by its own effort, is able to develop only trade union consciousness."
okay back
Meeb is obviously a bluepiller too DG69 
https://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1901/witbd/ii.htm
is bardolatta from the bay area too?
don't want to scroll up to try and figure that out
Our numbers are growing
oh I'm ultra-red
buartha: mitosis?
my problem is they should be plotting a worldwide patriarchal revolution
im purple...
me too!
I exist
 Hahaha
#teampurple
sounds unhealthy
instead of mindlessly trying to promote effective self help on an individual elvel
over here
bardolatta so the only way you identify rpers is by those who are angry and arrested at the stage of self help book consciousness?
madscilove++
but earlier you were the one pressuring dg69 to marry
I meant the sub
for reasons
"for reasons"
trp sub, that's an accurate description of where they are
DG69: you're a redpiller too
i think we've agreed on that
it's super boring
ah that's fair i guess
I think DG can legit say she's not red
but I guess a lot of men need that
I don't even know what "red pill" means anymore
to be totally honest
like most girls just pretend they aren't red
but she's pretty legit
Yes we got meeb
it's just a label, depends on the person talking about it
why is she legit?
i use it as a label for convenience. a signal that tells people they don't need to walk on eggshells with me
because she seems to disagree with most of RP's pillars
You can't just declare people red pillers because you get on with them filozof :P
and most of their lifestyle advice
haha
and that i understand certain basic concepts and don't need to be lectured or won't be in denial about them
you know how when you watch a movie of a movie character doing something you sometimes want to do it
labels have no importance to me other than practical considerations
i've been reading a lot of history books about the french revolution
it's messing with my head
fiat: how ENTJ of you
... entj?
Thanks architect haha I do feel legit
she certainly ignores their lifestyle advice, but it doesnt contradict agreeing with the RP theory
.tell meeb mbti
I think fiat is INTJ
.mbti
entj?
.tell meeb entj
DG69: you are too legit to quit....umm..teambluepill!
Architect: E and I are more difficut to differentiate online
DG69 and bardolatta we are so meeting up
some people would say witzie is Extro, for example
And fiat right?
meeb: we are talking about MBTI
I'm too shy
bullshit
but she identifies as I and says she behaves much more shyly irl
i'm shy
i am very extro irl
and even i'm game for meeting up
and expressive
until you learn she hates people
lol
you can't be shyer than me
I'm pretty shy
you are pretty shy in person, SerNemesis
SerNemesis: you are one of the most active posters here
it's endearing, though
you dont seem shy
hell you could tell by how expressive and social i am irl. i am even using hand gestures and shit, which is more characteristically extro
i feel like you're all bullshitting when you say you're shy
you all feel confident as fuck here
i feel like i'm the most shy
I'm extro IRL. selective about who I interact with, though
I'm defs shy in real life. I even get shy on Skype group calls
me too
I love people but some of them just aren't worth the time
im a sucky extro
I'm too shy to do Skype calls
I win
ppd skype calls are the best
i dont know about any skype calls
especially when witzie is drunk
haha
If I could just do science in my room all day and only see my partner and my cat I'd be happy
oh god is this one of those proven-to-be-total-bullshit personality classifiers where it asks you a bunch of meaningless questions about how much you like cake or overthrowing the government or something and then spits out a horrorscope-quality twatscore based on some mystic 'algorithm' ?
it's not to do with shyness. under classic mbti understandings it just has to do with how you get energy
basically, yes! meeb
I think...maybe I'm an extrovert with severe social anxiety
and under atlasb's idiosyncrasies how you're motivated/influenced
mbti is like our catnip
Is that possible
by social or internal factors
meeb: you mainly have a problem with mbti because you might be treating it as a predictive tool
what would be your problem with it if it was mostly a descriptive tool
" <DG69> I think...maybe I'm an extrovert with severe social anxiety"
are you serious or just mocking me
I do think that's possible, DG69
i said that before in here
since extroversion is about how you get your energy
No I'm being real
multiple times about myself
not necessarily your comfort with people
tell me the difference between me describing myself as "spontaneous" on an online dating site
although extro and comfort with people tend to go hand in hand
usually
do you really have a "severe" social anxiety though DG69 ?
vs calling myself "ENTJ"
one is more info dense and nerdier
but the purpose is effectively the same
to convey info about myself. it's just a self assessment
guys, I think I want a lip piercing
 /random
i think i have by far the biggest anxiety of people here, that's just my suspicion though
filozof I don't know how my experiences compare to everyone else's
fiat: no my issue with it is that it's ability to be accurate about *anything* is complete bullshit
accurate about what?
and you literally might as well read your horrorscope
you're assuming predictive power
filozof: I have a lot of anxiety
i think its very possible that im an extrovert with social anxiety
But mine has made my life miserable at times
yeah comparing it to horoscope, exactly what i assumed
diagnosed panic disorder
i love relationships with people when they go well
i very much enjoy social gatherings when i dont have anxiety
and i want to meet people
didn't you understand what i was saying, meeb? how is me saying "I'm a spontaneous person" any different?
im astounded when people here say they like being alone
it's a self assessment. a description
i know i hate it
i'm probably an extro, though tragically i have social anxiety
mbti on the other hand is a standardized self descriptive tool
filozof: this is why I drink
fiat: what else would it be accurate about ?
Well I used to a lot more
my problem with mbti is that it seems to make connections between things that are not connected
DG69: wanna drink together?
what do you mean meeb. What is the accuracy of "i'm a spontaneous person"?
Yes I'll teach you how
at most you'd consider whether the person saying that is honest
or if he's self reflective enough
we often disagree here about each other's self assessments
it's not like we take each other's word for it
that is predictive, and again horrorscope lleve bullshit
let's say the question "do you feel involved when watching soap operas" and "do you value justice higher than mercy" - MBTI thinks that those things are on the same axis
i think MBTI has some power
so any self assessment is predictive?
i think there is a correlation between MBTI types and some behaviors
"I'm a spontaneous person" <--- comparable to horoscopes?
but I wouldn't take it too seriously
it's not self-assessment though is it
meeb, i honeslty think you might be too quick to dismiss. You're sounding very "ISTP" to me :P
like if MBTI was such a good predictor of behavior, we should be able to figure out peoples MBTI by their behavior pretty easily
it is a self assessment
it's assessment by an algorithm which is *predicting* likelyhoods of personality traits based on input
self assessment would be you assessing yourself directly
the inputs are all self assessments
I think we can figure people's MBTI by behavior to some extent
that's why we can critique people's scores
and people will be like "no, I don't think that's right
what sort of predictive power does it have outside of describing where you fit on the mbti model
Certain people here are experts at telling
But then
night guys,
bye bardolatta 
it has minor predictive power as much as any other self assessments
I had friends that could predict my zodiac sign
I'm such a Sagittarius
i've read three separate criticisms of mbti after talking to chasing about them
they all had similar problems
a lot of them didn't even understand the purpose of models
i do a significant amount of machine learning, AI, neural networks, 'bid data' and heuristic predictive algorithms, i can confidently say that given i know exactly how these scores and values are calculated that they are complete and total bullshit
the associative analysis of input data which is strongly biased does not equate to a sensible or useful output
go ahead and explain an example then
Omg lol https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41n3jr/cmv_trp_men_would_rather_fuck_a_25_year_old/
True or not true
e.g. if you ask someone 10 questions all on the theme of 'do you like people' (in crowds / negation [avoid parties]) etc. etc.
i'd rather fuck a post wall woman
the yy?nn scale is just a 1-5 or 5-1 point score
nothing magical happens
yes, all of them themed on how much you enjoy social company and how important you think it is
what's wrong with that
Well here I am filozof 
yeah lots of MBTI questions are basically the same questions
of course nothing "magical" happens
because the questions are written to be biased to generate a concrete score
okay, then..
what do you even mean by that
I didn't like how inconclusive the questions are
and there are hard boundries between 'classifiers' which make no sense
"biased to generat a score"
I guess I'm bad at judging
isn't that the purpose of any test
what's the point of having a test be biased to generate ambiguity
e.g. if you get a 3% score of something you could have been an entirey different classification if you had answered just one other question as NO rather than no
given the marginal split is so minor
have i just stopped being an incel?
it does give percentages
this is a well known and screamingly obvious problem
it gives percentages on certainty
so you can see if any of your scores are marginal
and people here are often saying they are "borderline" on this trait or that trait
this is why datasets for anything like social behaviour are absoltely fucking vast and require *vastly* more sophisticated algorithms
how is your knowledge of machine learning, AI, neural nets, etc relevant to this
that's why it's a model
Do the test and try it out for yourself. Go on. You know you want to
it's not a perfect replica of reality
no model is
because MBTI is not a good predictor of behavior
buartha> Do the test and try it out for yourself. Go on. You know you want to
Let's all predict what meeb is
and then tell us what you got so we can add you to our spergy log
:3
because this is the high school noddy version of machine learning which is basically the first thing you learn is completely useless for any form of analysis
yes that would be a good exercise
Secretly
ISTJ
it's not a predictor, though, filozof
very common personality for CS nerds
basically the tldr is there is nowhere near enough data from a set of 10, 50 or even 500 questions you self-answer
INSJ? is that a thing
I suspect INTJ
nah, he's a tech dude, he needs a T
MBTI is a predictor
nevermind
its supposed to predict persons general behavior based on a few responses
MBTI is a descriptive tool rather than predictive 
it's just another lens for self-refleciton
the data you do generate would require such fuzzy boundaries a classifier is meaningless
I wanna say INTJ
and discussion
but he's not quite that I don't think
meeb: try and take the test
C'mon meeb it only takes a minute
however personally i judge meeb as INTJ because i know the questions
imagine a venn diagram with a near 95% overlap between circles
and i suspect what his answers will be
The same thing applies to every personality model
I really don't understand the types at all
including the much vaunted Big 5
I don't get it
there are no traits that are binaries
everyone understands this
everything lies in spectrums and multidimensions
i dont understand the types either DG69 
models aren't replicas of reality
nobody understands them
even atlasB doesnt understand them
It felt like reading my horoscope tbh
Which makes it fun
models with very little data taken as diagnosis are dangerous :p
i think it is pretty horoscope-y
Because sometimes I do act very intp
And it's just like
Fun to notice
i thought the descriptions were similar to me when i read different types 
meeb, let me ask you again, how much data is taken when someone describes himself
as "spontaneous"
infp, enfp, intp - all seemed to match
or some other descriptor
"I'm a very social person"
i think its easy to notice various characteristics in yourself
far more than 20 loaded questions on the topic
how much data do you think it takes someone to generally get a feel for how he wants to answer
i think people have behaviors that are ascribed to all types
or depict himself
thats why its easy to fit yourself in them
I feel like I change, the answers would change every time I take it
years of social feedback from friends and family
those 20 loaded questions people understand how they want to depict themselves
I should take it again and see it
If it's different
they understand what the answers would mean for their results
9:47 PM <meeb> years of social feedback from friends and family <--- yeah very standardized
no, that's part of the issue, the 'sales pitch' for these tests is that some master guru wrote them who knows how to peer into your soul the reality is you got a 1-5 score per question and they have a bullshit counter which plops you into a hard category
I know MBTI can predict some things, though
i'm really surprised you do machine learning, big data, etc and worry about these details
that depends on what you want to predict exactly, I guess
is it your career or from classes in your major
ok i've just taken the test three times with marginally varying answers and i'm now able to reliably get the blandest score possible while still being 'accurate' with my quesitons
career
.mbti
there are some correlations - for example i noticed that on the INFP sub people tend to be very left wing, while on the INTJ sub people tend to be libertarians
of course, there are still some INFP libertarians and INTJ socialists
all 4 scores are 2-5% with marginal or no interest in all of them, purely by brute-force understanding of the classifiers internaly
but the correlation is still interesting
also machine learning is entirely this, basically, but done correctly
the details are everything
meeb: have you answered questions honestly though?
forget the tests. they're just ways to standardize self assessment. 16 types. Compare it o the much vaunted Big 5, meeb
have you heard of the big 5
tell me how your criticisms would differ or be irrelevant to the big 5
fiat: sure, but you cna 'honestly' be on the border between slightly no and don't care
etc.
big 5 is pretty much the same as mbti i think
Mashakos is also intp, interesting
the types correspond pretty highly
i've encountered 3-4 of these styles of tests
Intp has some weirdos
right meeb, and you can "honestly" be on the borderline between Extrovert and Introvert
it's not a big deal
i personally think i do lots of the things "thinkers" do and lots of the things "feelers" do
literally all they do is make some PhD psych student who hired a software grad to make some spreadsheet into a web app and rinses it on daytime TV for shitloads of money
so i dont like categorizing myself
yeah im pretty sure i could make an mbti test myself
well then take it up with the PhD psych students
with some bullshit simple algorithm
filozof: no, but my point is you can be so low on any of the classifiers that you may be graded as introvert or extrovert on a 2-3% point wobble
and people would see it as a gospel
say that you have a more advanced/complex model
models don't have to have predictive power, they can just be a categorization system for all i care
they can GAIN predictive power as they become more standardized and popular
having it say YOU ARE IN GROUP X AND GROUP X IS INTROVERT when the classifier is 1% marginal difference is fucking stupid
for obv reasons
ok, but categorizations are only useful if they have predictive power
So what? they have percentages
this is like the 4th time me or someone else has explained that to you
you can be on the borderline between "intro and extro" or some other axis
you are not understanding my point at all
no one cares.
liek if you know someone is a personality type, you can predict their behavior
that just means you're not extremely one side or another on that axis
thats the point of this pretty much
if provides you a group classifier and a score in percent for each one, if the scores are low enough you may well have been *more suited* to another classifier but one average point put you in the 'wrong' one
is that clearer ?
i think meeb's point is that when people tell their types, there's no way to differentiate with someone who's 95% introvert and 5% introvert
and someone who's 5% extrovert will be the opposite of a 5% introvert
no my point is that the classifier is basically guesswork and might be, even probably is, totally wrong
there is though, filozof esp since they can just say "I'm very extro"
even though they are very close
"I'm very intro"
or if the test even tells you your percentage
what is it guesswork for meeb ?
or you can say "I can be either or, very borderline"
because it doesn't tell you the percentages of the classifiers you were not classified in
what is it trying to guess according to you
meeb: well, the specific test worked the way that every answer swinged you 12,5% either way
there were 16 questions for each axis
grouped classifers like these make the least sense, practical example (i'm going to make these up)
so you could go from 100% one way to 100% the other
how do grouped classifiers make the least sense?
you have 4 classifications each with 4 traits, a1,a2,a3,a4, b1,b2,b3,b4 etc.
you can only be one classification
(so top level, a,b,c, or d)
the margins for being one or the other are based on the traits which in these tests are naive boundaries
e.g. if i get a high 1, moderate 2, low 3 and low 4 i'm a 'b' classifier
yeah i get your misconception
and if you actually read, i addressed this
you're thinking of the 16 type as hard categories
these classifiers are disparate meaning d is meant to be totally different to a
when i said that the axes are basically spectrums
they *are* hard categories because they give you a *classifier*
they are meant to be orthogonal axes
and you can be borderline on any individual axes
and if you need to question why orthogonal axes are more interesting to psych and sociologists
then you should read up on the big 5 model
giveing you a percentage point score as to why they classified you in it is *not* useful
regardless your entire criticism
using the "a1,a2,a3,a4, b1,b2,b3,b4" example
is completely irrelevant
going back the example, i can be 5 points in the boundaries for three traits to be classified a 'c', but 16 points out for trait 4, and then be classified a 'a' where i'm only 3 points in the trait margin for 3 of the traits, regardless of this being totally innacurate 
hell the only reason there are 16 types is to help laymen understand
it's because there are 4 orthogonal factors on a line spectrum
2^4 = 16
that's all there is to it
you are only shown the percent scores for the traits that match your classifier
they're not hard categories
okay back from afk again
but yeah madscilove i'm pretty shy
and have yall convinced bardolatta and DG69 to meetup yet?
.context
it's not showing you the traits that match your classifier
bardolatta left
gah
coward
lol
intro coward
i want to meet you up
did you even read what i'm saying? stop caring about the holistic 4-letter classification
i wish we had a meetup on a private island
see the 4 axes as orthogonal, take them 1 at a time
like TRPACC proposed
if you're borderline between "E" and "I" then you're in the middle
not a big deal
that's how everyone here has been treating it naturally
meeb: theoretically, it says that you lean 5% on the extrovert side, for example
if they're borderline, they say so
"i'm not strongly T/F, I think"
"not sure about that"
you're the only one making a big deal out of that, meeb
i'm trying to think of an analogy to that
I guess its kind of like kinsey scale
it is presented as classifier, uses a classification algorithm, and only displays partial data to explain its decision making based on minimal input data
you can be homosexual, in the middle, or heterosexual
it's exactly how the big 5 works, and your same criticisms could be applied to that. there's a good reason psych and sociologists want orthogonal models and you can read the papers on those if you're interested
i understand entirely what you are saying
but, the test linked above ^ i'm basing this argument on
i don't understand your argument
individual tests can suck. i'm not going to vouch for every test online, meeb
i despise most online tests on EQ/SQ for instance
omg witzie is so antisocial
she doesn't talk to anyone
doesn't address people by name enough
i literally wrote bots to answer q's for me on various online tests and they are mostly bogus
doesn't mean i deny that the very concept of empathy exists
or that EQ could be correlated to anything or that systematizing is a thing
irl sernemesis?
no on the irc
https://stats.quakenet.org/channel/purplepilldebate
though she IS antisocial irl
reportedly has 0 friends
ok i'll try a different approach, input is questions which are scored -> maths are done with a number of traits calculated by percentage score -> a classification is made (might be soft) -> only the traits that are used to make the classification are shown to the user
What
that's the basis for the majority of these tests
it's cause she has us
to make up for it
yeah
Witzie must have friends
well SP is her best friend
but she has no other friends
I actually have no friends since moving
between F and you guys
I have no friends either you guys!
she had befriended a group of indian chicks (race traitors in the making no doubt)
but mads
haha. we all have no friends!
yayy
we are friends right?
I miss college
but then she dumped them cause irl friends are too tiring for her
DG69: you serionsly have no friends?
yes, susandeath
i have no friends too
absolutely :)
yay
jesus christ you people
you feel like somebody who has lots of friends for some reason though
I have friends from college filozof that I haven't seen in a year or more
I have like 5 real life friends
the reason i have no friends though is because i cant talk to people
you're all making me feel like an extro
with friends irl
meeb: then that's a shitty test, because most of the ones we took showed percentages for each individual axes
that I see reguarly
I've been anti-social lately
i would like to have friends actually
y'all make me a lazy extro. I get all my human energy from you folks
so I don't go out and find more
even then we didn't exactly take those scores for granted
we mostly give own assessments
fiev friends is lots
But I still talk to friends from high school sometimes
Def from college
i knew i was entj without taking test. it just best described me
I just don't get to see them
I used to see them every day
first test i took made be slightly P
INTP
to me those classifications/axes have always just been info-dense, self-classifications
fiat: i would have less of an issue with tests that show each trait score and do not have a classifier, however i would still consider a test that just asks you loaded questions about liking people and then saying you're 55% introvert or whatever is a bit silly but less dangerous
but when i read it was obvious I was INTJ
yeah, when I heard entj traits, they felt like the described me best
although I'm border ENFJ/ENTJ in the test
right meeb, it's just a model. most models are almost by def unfalsifiable
because of their scale
e.g. if you are asked 'do you like going to parties'? 1-5 and then asked 'do you like crowds?' 1-5 does a strong YES on one *negate* a strong NO on the other ?
you're trying to describe all of human behaviour using a well defined model? good luck. it's a simplificaiotn. we all understand that
but this is where i was surprised about you worrying about these details
madscilove I find your borderline F/J interesting I also have one
I am ESTJ mostly
when you work with big data, data mining, clustering, etc
you do a lot of data modeling for sure
susandeath: f/t :)
you know how these things go
you should
so I take it meeb is not a J
i'm saying people would be better off without such stupid tests in general not that there is a practical alternative that doesn't involve monitoring someone's life permanently
where do we start, meeb
and then if I take the test during shark week I get ESFJ
it's always the Ps objecting to such classifications
yeah mads  f/t is what I meant
we start with simple heuristics and make them more complex over time
its weird though
lol susandeath 
as we collect data
interesting
true as bob
I have tried it 3 months in a row
why is the big 5 so simple
fiat: usually you have to have a sensible model to start with and then plan how to collect the data, but the data must be extensive
susandeath: I definitely am more or less aggressive depending on time of month
also data models for something as fluid as personality would be incredably complex
sometimes I'm kinder and more understanding
and, i would suspect, innactuate
other times I am a shark
yes, 4 orthogonal axes is clearly not enough
It makes sense though i mean its hormonal stuff which has an effect
clearly we need 5
Lol
like the big 5
yep
much more complex
Shark week
yep
dragoness!
you need way more than 5m, in your terms
-m
it depends on the purpose; here it's just info dense standardized self desc. what are you worried about
in terms of info and reliabiilty it's no worse than unstandardized self descs
like you see in dating profiles
a 'model' would be able to provide a reasonable match to real behaviour given current input, such as 'will i attend this party tonight based on my current mood, people going to the party, distance of the party, my likelyhood of feeling down after my recent breakup, etc. etc.'
having a score of 99% likes partying but a 88% score of 'changes mind a lot / is flaky'
is not the same thing
i think you want the model to predict a lot more than its supposed to
its not supposed to predict every detail of behavior
yeah it's not perfect; and he wants predictability when it's mostly descriptive in nature atm
no, i want the current models to stop pretending the mean anything
i do not want predictability, that would be near impossible and likely bad even if it was possible
fiat: it is kind of predictable, for example AtlasB thinks that if a person is ENTP she won't get along with them
the purpose of all science is prediction IMO
then that's stupid, everyone's scores fluctuate by the day if not by the minute
they don't fluctuate that much
everyone here has taken the test several times over a period of time
self-analysis does
and outside of a few outlier scores, I think we're all pretty consistent between one or two
Sometimes I feel really intro sometimes extro
right, well if someone's dishonest about how they describe themselves then obv there's no point
i suppose if you took the 100 questions 4 times a day over a long enough timeline it might make slightly more sense
Idk if I'm forcing myself to be one or the other
I feel it's more complex
microsoft outlook's spellcheck is a moron
complexity is the core of the issue that makes a naive classifier mean nothing, DG69 wins sensible argument again :p
how does it not know Dr is a legit word?
what is a "naive classifier" to you, meeb
susandeath: it isn't
do you just mean that the tests were bad
and weren't good enough to classify
'Dr.' not 'Dr'
naive classifier is a scientific term, it's a hard boundary classifier for small datasets
oioooh americans
lol
we don't use a . after Dr or Mr or Miss or Prof
I'm so sensible you guys
so your problem is in the tests
pffft american spellcheck
small datasets
I'm on a roll
you don't actually have a problem with the axes themselves, like "E/I"
whoa
you people don't know how to spell susandeath 
brits, south africans, etc. are just so wrong
we use British spelling
and since they made up the language
yeah
stupid brits
no they didn't
yes they did
my problem is with a) the questions as written are given weighted scores that are one person (the authors) opinion of weight which is biased b) the scores associated with answers c) the traits selected to measure d) the size of the dataset e) the way a fuzzy made-up trait score is forced into a naieve classifier f) the way it's presented as a single classifier (in some examples, not all) and g) the way people use such groupings to affect future i
you americans just got all contrary with spelling after you threw all the tea in the harbour
no honour
lol harbour
what?
oooh
you threw the u's out with the tea
I forget
meeb, like i said earlier, most of your problem with it lies in the test
not enough questions
not enough variety
yep. we can go to the theater next to the harbor
who needs honor
madscilove++
and it sounds like you mostly took tests that didn't provide percentages to the various factors
you don't have a problem with the axes themselves, like "E/I"
the only thing the brits get right is the serial comma
heck, extraversion is actually a factor in the Big 5 even
the spectrum of E/I is even present for that.
fiat: examples of complex classifiers are things like k-means clustering, bayesian hierarchical, hidden markov models of complex states
not looking at some lines plotted from 4 datapoints on a graph and labelling the intersection point as class X
which is stuid
so yes my issue is with the test
and the premise of the test
.karma
and most of the analysis of the test
such complex classifiers require massive amounts of accurate data
or you'll be overfitting your model
I will propose the theory that Americans simplified the spelling because they knew they were dumber than the British
in psychology you can't really go past basic linear models
.karma
SerNemesis: yes, exactly
because the experimental evidence is so sparced
and you also won't have many people with the patience to go through all those questions, esp for simple online tests
I'm killing it
so there's a matter of practicality 
so what is wrong with trying first order aproximations?
fiat++
yes, again, exactly
,karma
sounds like my karma whoring is better then yours DG69 
.karma
we do first order approximations like the MBTI
or the big 5
or the dark tria
all your points are entirely correct, but those points are what makes the tests in their current state so useless
*triad
you might be a bigger whore tham me but youre not a bigger karma whore
.karma meeb
they're good enough for giving informationon a limited number of traits
meeb, we have enough anti-sociology circlejerking
i'm not being anti-anything other than anti-pseudoscience
10:29 PM <filozof> you might be a bigger whore tham me but youre not a bigger karma whore
You've been here longer
really?
I'm a more efficient whore
i've been gathering karma since mid november
Hmm
how long have you been here?
You said you were here when it started
.karma AtlasB
.tell DG69 sloot
.karma
damn, atlas has a ton of karma
well I was here when it started
.karma witzie
.karma witzie
lolol
lol
.karma drok
but I believe that when I came back in mid november my karma score was zero
.karma PPDBot
drok should have 80085 karma
SerNemesis: you're the bigger sloot
you know what that means?
meeb?
filozof: boobs
thanks DG69 
i'm a man-sloot :)
dstoo?
how long have you been here DG69 ?
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/women-putting-herb-balls-in-vagina-to-detox-their-wombs-have-been-warned-of-dangers-a6814671.html
lol
o_o
women do the strangest shit
i think they might have missed opportunity for a bit of rhyme in dstoo's description
DSTOO: RPW boo, speed walking foo', makes roux, has more mason jars than you, ... etc
.karma
"Another package - claims to promote vaginal tightening, which it says works by tightening the womb so the vaginal canal will shrink."
hahaha
fiat: it occurred to me, just seemed like too much work
filozof: I think November too?
i think you've been here always since i returned
you seemed like a regular when i came here
Since you returned?
I think my Reddit account started in August
yes, i returned mid november thanks to an mdma session
i was here since january, then left in june i think
I might have been here in October
Why did you leave?
.karma fiat
social anxiety, i guess
.karma Lonny_Z
why did you come to this chat dg?
what did you think of the people here?
i imagine as a bloop you might have felt alien
Hmm
I've liked chat rooms and stuff since I was a kid
AOL
a/s/l?
My first bf showed me Reddit and trp
Lol exactly Lonny_Z 
fuck it, i can't find the link that Taiboworks originally sent me to Big 5 model justification; SerNemesis, I was originalyl going to link it to you because they basically said something very similar to what you did
()
oh I didn't know a bf introduced you to trp DG
interesting
was it the bf you broke up with?
He didn't believe it or anything
he talked about fight club
No my first
He showed it as lulz
right fiat
part of the reason they were desperate for an orthogonal model (as close to being orthogonal as possible) precisely was to avoid complex models and so they can use linear models
yeah
first order approximations, for simplicity
ran PCA on it
He was like, this will make you mad lol
can't overcomplicate these things
He wasn't on tbp or anything either
I got drawn in
Got myself into it
did you post on TBP regularly?
But never would've known if not for his Reddit nerdiness
i personally dont post on either tbp or trp
those subs are annoying and groupthink-y
i only like ppd
He mostly posted on adventure time
And other cartoons
filozof: I never posted
Sometimes commented
I never go there anymore
bad bloop
Ppd can be interesting sometimes
Whenever I do I am sad at terps
Tbp finds the worst
i do think PCA tends to be misleading on some datasets though fiat
i mean they tend to find the most important dimensions
I don't like reading trp, so I don't read tbp
but often they're rotated
That's all it ever links to
relative to how things should be
e.g. an L shaped dataset
doesn't have the two directions of the L as its axes
it has two diagonal axes on PCA
DG69 did you go to that pajama party?
yeah even the big 5 is not perfectly orthogonal
ok I finally got vamp to agree to disagree
starts herehttps://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40nvcn/question_for_bp_what_is_so_offensive_about_the/cz0o1xm?context=3
Yeah Lonny_Z it was pretty fun
within the model itself they're supposed to be, but obviously irl there's correlations between the factors
Not as many people there as I thought there'd be
But still cool
ends here https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40nvcn/question_for_bp_what_is_so_offensive_about_the/cz3n9p3
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41itdg/my_22f_boyfriend_29m_of_19_months_is_furious/'
ok this is crazy
"I haven't any good responses to these questions, I'm afraid. I have a negative visceral reaction to Game and don't fully understand why other women don't. I stand by my opinion that it's more nurture than nature, though."
its her BROTHER!
i will claim that if the mbti model was perfectly orthogonal then we could *should* easily see somewhat equitable distributions of each of the 16 categories
i consider it my masterpiece
easily by adjusting midpoint markers
I'm gonna go on a limb here and say OPs bf has a crush on his sister thats why he is all 
not even your brother
but we don't because they're correlative
same with big 5, they are correlative
DG69: do you think you have a severe social anxiety if you go to parties?
susandeath: I read that this morning!
pics DG69 
how crazy is that
she needs to just get rid of that guy
fuck it, he's not worth the trouble
he's just gonna get crazier
no there should be boundaries
personally i wouldnt go to a party because i'd be too scared
I agree mads
filozof I think drinking at parties is exactly how I deal with being an extrovert with SA 
alcohol helps anxiety
It's not healthy
But it does
yep
it really does
you need to be a sober girl
we'll cure you
So parties are the best place
you'll be SG69
what's wrong with social drinking?
For an excuse to drunkenly socialize
as long as it's not impairing your life or health, I think it's healthy
it's bad when you need to drink to be social
I think parties are different, though
I NEED to be drunk to be at a party. because otherwise I can't tolerate drunk dumbasses
filozof, you need cocaine to be social
gotta get on that level
Yeah madscilove 
are you talking about me specifically Lonny_Z ?
i think mdma might do too
22:49:54 <bardolatta> "I haven't any good responses to these questions, I'm afraid. I have a negative visceral reaction to Game and don't fully understand why other women don't. I stand by my opinion that it's more nurture than nature, though."
lol
i think the problem is when you have social anxiety unless you drink
I don't see how anyone tolerates parties without drugs and/or alcohol
right?
drunk/high people are fucking annoying when you're sober
cocaine is probably safer than minimeth but it is more expensive
do you
I was once so so painfully shy in high school
After the first time I drank
I could practice
Talking to people
sober people are boring when I am sober
lol
"Pretend you're drunk" basically
DG69: I really relate to that
Fake it til you make it
I learned how to flirt while drunk
I got less and less sensitive
Less ocd
Yeah madscilove lol flirting too
it knocks down your inhibitions and you realize that you can be forward and outgoing and get positive responses
so then you try it sober
and it works!
The first time I drank, it was all "wow your so quiet I never knew you were funny"
Then I slowly started speaking up
aw
Idk, every time people actually thought I was funny I think I got more encouraged
I'd like to thank alcohol
I do have some cringey drunk memories, though
not every experiment into "forward and outgoing" worked
lol
Irish blood
Oh for real madscilove I have taken it too far plenty of times
feel it flow through you
Lol Lonny_Z 
DG69: what's your cringiest drunk memory?
I have honestly blocked them all out madscilove 
good for you
lol
Selective black out
(^^)
I call it
xD
Never to be spoken
Ok now you
regret sex?
oh god
I've blotted out most of them too
regret sex is my answer for worst drunk memories
Lol
but at my 21st birthday party, my friends convinced me to go around and kiss everyone in the room. it was fun, except my one guy friend shoved me away like, "whoaaaa! no, we're not doing that."
Oh god ouch lol
that rebuff, man.
ouch
Why
indeed
Lol
lol madscilove 
idk! maybe just not attracted to me
or the opposite
was he sernemesis?
that sounds like something i would do
I actually kind of appreciated it in the morning
madscilove: I have been rejected for kisses too
Also by friends
we're total bros and it might have fucked up our bro-ness
When I misread a situation
Probably a few times look
lol, madscilove's one rejection traumatized her so she must mention it three times in here
Lol
oh, no not one rejection. I've been rejected a ton of times
SerNemesis++
but that one probably stung the most because it was so public!
have you been rejected for kisses during coitus though
let us all crush madscilove in a hug
until she just bursts
ah right public is worse
blood everwhere
madscilove: brojected ?
haha
Brojected
Nice
dragoness has gone through this too
I also had a girl I was making out with/flirting with straight up leave
She said she was denied then high fived
when my head was turned
Lol
lol meeb
she was fakelez
ugh, probably
she looked so gay, though
how
bitches be trickin
Lol
pink triangle on her sleeve?
Yes how
let me know the truth
tricksie bitches
DG69: are you game though?
she looked just like peter pan. little blonde pixie cut and dressed pretty masculine
let me play DStoo
we can meetup some weekend
"butch doesn't exist"
drag bardolatta there kicking and screaming
go to a strip club or something
"she looked like a PERSON"
looool
"I have 40 lesbian friends"
if I couldn't stereotype lesbians, I'd never get dates
10k lesbian crew
rhymes wiht dstoo
how the fuck am I supposed to know that a girl likes girl unless she looks lezzie?
his description is almost complete
lol
"I make no correlation between the most masculine sport in the world and their lesbianinisming"
who cares madscilove 
every girl has lesbian in her waiting to come out
well okay not quite everyone
i recall sunnie- calling The 100 character a sloot after she kissed the other girl
lol
every lesbian has that "one time fucking Lonny" in her waiting to come in
AtlasB says all the time that she fucked more women than the men here
.seen sunnie-
but i seriously doubt that's true
.seen nerdyqt
lol new BF has her on lock
no, in fairness, she's said that combined with griddy, filo
SerNemesis: strip club sounds fun
and griddy is bi, filozof 
Am down
so it's entirely possible
griddy is black
other than drok, most of us have mod to low numbers 
atlas has slept with an impressive number of women for someone who doesn't like women
I have to say
all black women are bi
today she said that in combination with madscilove and dg
there is a black lesbian epidemic in the south
and the number was 11 combined
how many women has griddy slept with? she's not a slut
probably not more than 10
lol, yeh, we fail in lesbian slootery
well, maybe dg69 has slept with significantly more women than drok? I dunno.
she lives in a romantic comedy
dg slept with one
she's note into women
madscilove is heteroromantic and a liarlez
23:13:01 <Lonny_Z> she lives in a romantic comedy
hahaha
Lonny_Z++
i recall atlas saying that there's not such thing as a straight woman
I'm not heteroromantic
YES
LIARLEZ
pants constantly on fire
well, you're wrong
but ok
:)
I read your mind
and your soul
STOP SMILING AT ME
I only slept with one in a threesome
My men-count is higher
men-count instead of n-count
:P
threesomes don't count
"it's 2016"
men-count = n-count. women don't add to n-counts
#malesolipsism
lonny_Z yeah, but this girl 
https://scontent-lax3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/311575_4194192692500_172464548_n.jpg?oh=9224de9566de9bff28437d8d003b9ac8&oe=5743ABEF
She hot dude
I miss her :(
who is that
girl I left behind in oakland
she looks like sansa stark
why is she covered in blood
yeah females aren't n
cause she's freaky like that
*aren't in your n count
probably a costume party
She's really pretty
i mean i like my women all bloodied up but that seems to be someone else's blood there
like she has killed the last guy who pursued her
lol
she looks rather pleased with herself
Some crazy is alright SerNemesis 
Its just that time of the month you know
https://scontent-lax3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfa1/v/t1.0-9/401819_2887104896122_1751890879_n.jpg?oh=ad359b83633365ec26ef0cd3ef57f211&oe=57372536
Crazy girls are fun
sry, I'm wandering down memory lane
#shamelessplug
But are you crazy enough?
smoke and blood
interesting woman
FUKKIN WHORE
right i mean i like them scared and bloody
not smiling and bloody
Ewwe more arm hair than me sorry madscilove -3/10
I like them in five pieces
usdaprime?
<3
hahah BeyondtheLIght
I like it 
low T BTL has spoken
that's the girl SerNemesis left behind in socal
Should we like photoshop blood on her SerNemesis ?
it is about time I add something
.help
It actually funny Lonny_Z 
I am properly growing hair on my head and face
But nowhere elae
lower T ol' chao
Must be because I started eating like a normal person now
chap*
wait...so ^ means .
bitch ass PPDBot
<madscilove> hahah BeyondtheLIght
I dont have any issues myself haha
She looks good
it's a weird quirk, I actually really dig armpit hair on women
there's a girl who rides my bus that desn't shave her legs
she's really hairy
and it's grooosssss
is that really a weird quick among bi girls or lesbians
I guess not, actually
i don't recall any bi or les friend complaining about that. only guys or straight girls
.addterm Supergirl https://media.giphy.com/media/s3r36PoyBkn2U/giphy.gif
Rofl
her S sucks
I can imagine Lonny_Z dreaming of her with waving hair and what not
"[UPDATE] Me [25F] with my boyfriend [23M] 3 years, he can't accept that I'm a vegetation and I think he's trying to trick me into eating meat."
what's the point of being a girl if you don't have hair that waves in the wind?
lol, the title. "my boyfriend doesn't accept that I am a shrubbery"
MontyPython++
lol madscilove 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41js6p/update_me_25f_with_my_boyfriend_23m_3_years_he/
vegetation haha
oh wow, this is actually pretty crazy though
this has to be fake
I think very few things are fake
I think you guys underestimate how weird people are
"I still can't really believe this happened, but he grabbed me by my hair at the back on my head and with another hand tried to force chicken into my mouth."
such alpha, wow
.addquote 1:27:12 AM <Architect> what's the point of being a girl if you don't have hair that waves in the wind?
it was funnier at first when she misstyped chicken as children
.quote add 1:27:12 AM <Architect> what's the point of being a girl if you don't have hair that waves in the wind? 
by Bf roasted children for us to eat
"When we spoke on the phone to decide this, he sounded ashamed. Quiet. I hope he's ashamed."
FUCK WITZIE
'quiet' instead of 'quite'
lol
lol susandeath 
lolol susandeath
that guy is a crazy man though
let me shove chicken in my gfs mouth
cause yeah
thats gonna end well
"he can't accept that I'm a vegetation" - was it spellchecker?
do people seriously not think of the consequences?
.addterm SUPERGIRL FUCK LONNY https://media.giphy.com/media/vhZTTDmz4rLKo/giphy.gif
lol
apparently she has dyspraxia filozof 
susandeath: I don't know
hence spelling chicken as children
I don't know how someone thinks that's a good idea
unless they are very stupid
dyspraxia? is it when you don't get ASE?
.addterm FUCK LONNY SUPERGIRL!!! https://media.giphy.com/media/vhZTTDmz4rLKo/giphy.gif
heehee
SUPERGIRL FUCK LONNY?
.allterms
she is my All-American crush
Fuck?
supergirl?
otherwise, I could put All-Americans in a blender
this is glorious
she is pretty, but not hot
you gotta see this show
 I am not seeing that piece of shit
when she is Kara Danvers (the alter ego)
adorkable
Girl is cute, but I am not watching it 
Supergirl is shit
sure
it's fuking retarded bro
you don't know what it was like
back in the day
when superheroes on screen were rare
you spoiled youngin'
I had to walk two miles from school to grab funny books from the drug store
now you youngin's vidya and netflixy
only 2 miles?
I had to walk 5 miles!
power rangers was my first superhero show
uphill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Wt6XlVob_E
both ways!
i love that theme
lol, I am a millennial
that's because power rangesr were the shit
there was no snow or uphill
you were all fags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qfg-blClavc
this was that hard shit
I did not love the power rangers
y'all niggas cower in the presence of turtles
you're a terrible person
cause you are like 23 or something
who doesn't like the power rangers
and a GURL LOL
they do battle against the evil Rita Repulsa and Lord Z
and their minions
SAME THING EVERY EPISODE
yet, they're just a couple of Teens from angel city
with a sick theme song
dude, rita repulsa was my imaginary friend
I like tmnt
when I was, like, 5
LIKE SCOOBY DOO
lool, she would be madscilove 
SAME PLOT EVERY EPISODE
she was pretty :3
and evil
she was also overweight
so that surprises me
but I can see that
Rita was Chinee play jokes
I remember
when the primetime Power Rangers pilot came out
and I found it to be lame
oh. turns out she's japanese
the other asian
and ALL the kids came to school the next day
all the kids whose parents didn't let them watch R -rated movies
and they LOVED it
listen, I appreciate super sentai
japanese asian best asian
but power rangers were the lamest super sentai
lol madscilove is getting defensive
Architect --
everyone loves asians
shut your trap
madscilove: did you guys have cool battle armour and katanas?
I didn't think so
xD
we have a better wall
you can see it from space
ShogunSciLove
I cannot remember if mads peepees in cokes or what
she japanese she make sushi
madscilove: you're chineeeeeeeeeeeeeese right?
chinaaaaaaaaa
yep
SHE PEEPEES IN COKES
wat
you guys got like 90% of your shit taken by the Mongolians
how do you feel about that?
uh
fuck those guys
wait
hahahhahaha
lets get serious
madscilove
?
you chinee?
madscilove++
nuuu
lol. yes
k
you don't look chinese at all madscilove 
to be honest
I'd guess like 3 other countries before china
do I look mexican? I get that sometimes
so...you never heard the grade school rhyme "ME CHINESE, ME MAKE JOKE, ME MAKE PEEPEE IN YOUR COKE"
no, never
LOL
madscilove: you look mexican also, yea
I can see that
Alabama
or peurto rican
maybe not mexican
ask any bama kid
maybe all of america
I have seen it in movies
it is just a song kids sing
there was not one asian kid in elementary school
but we sang that "racist" ass shit
3/4 of the kids in my classes growing up were all asian or part asian
lol Hawaii has too many asians to do that 
yep
pretty much
madscilove: i'd guess Thai first
I keep thinking japanese
and I know I asked like 3 times
lol, nobody can be racist to asians
yes/no flash poll: women using sex as a reward, or withdrawing sex when their SO disobeys, is universal right
even with peepee in coke
that is actually fascinating
I feel like I could walk up to any person in Alabama
universal right?
and say "Me CHINESE. ME MAKE JOKE...."
what is this
and the would know "ME MAKE PEEPEE IN YOUR COKE"
right
?
yeah, what redmanbearpig said
are you asking if we think it's wrong?
no
it's like you put 2 children in a relationship
whether it's super super common
I thought it's nearly universal
I don't think it's a conscious decision most of the time
I had a gamecube at the time
I think if your SO does something that pisses you off, you don't want to fuck them
Just play vidya games all you need
until you stop being pissed
if you approach sex as a reward you're already set up to fail
And pissing people off and picking a fight with them
That was a thing too at the time
right
So no comics needed Lonny_Z 
someone said their SO used withdrawal of affection as a weapon
vamp said it was abuse, I said well women use sex withdrawal
what do you mean BeyondTheLight ?
I wonder how common withdrawal of affection is
maybe it's b/c I'm inexperienced so I don't know that all men know it
I didnt grow up with the whole super hero thing Lonny_Z 
I see
just saying, Lonny remembers a time when superhero screen content was rare
so if you read comics, you cherished ANYTHING
and I am guilty of making MARVEL a huge success
I think withdrawal of affection and sex are just normal responses to things
depends
bardolatta I don't think that many women withdraw sex on purpose
someone fucks up or makes you mad, and you don't really want to cuddle up to them
in one sense, it sounds worse than it is
in another sense, if it's calculated, it's an asshole move
Exactly madscilove 
Right, there is an aspedt that is natural
like, if F was cold and unaffectionate after I pissed him off, I wouldn't be like "oooh abuse!"
I'd be like "oh, that makes sense."
bleh, ok I have to wake up at 4:30 tomorrow morning
I better go actually get some sleep
that was fast for her
bardo
fuck?
vamp thinks women who like alphas only do so b/c they had an abusive alpha father
now going to test if she thinks withdrawal of affection is abuse (she does), but withdrawal of sex isn't
that's actually an interesting theory
wrong, but interesting
it's the worst theory in the world
most men are beta
most women like alphas
lol, I've heard worst
????
anyhow, women thinks women who like alphas are assholes
but she's in a trap, b/c she won't admit that women naturally like assholes
the end logical point is that women who were abused by their alpha dads are assholes
i.e. victim blaming
*rubs hands together sinisterly*
if she admits that women like alphas innately, that's a confession that women are innately evil
Now we're arguing for women's innate evilness
Nice
I don't think that
I don't think like alphas makes you a bad person, she does
Oh I see
It makes sense that if you like alphas and alphas are usually not good people, you are by proxy also probably not a good person
I think men must innately like gold digging shallow bitches when I read ppd
if you believe most women are good people, it makes no sense that a non damaged woman would want an alpha
that would be her logical proposition
Whatever floats your penis
I mean, she's literally repulsed by "sorderline criminals, hawt jocks, uber-yuppies, edgy rebels, smooth operators"
or at least, her best argument
I mean I do
I'm not rich now (religious reason) but when I was growing up as a teen I'd always imagined myself as a future rich person
so naturally I liked women who would like me back
men like attractive women; most attractive women are shallow and value money, so I guess that's generally true
I wasn't cool or good looking
but it's a lot more complicated thant hat
it was also why i was a libertarian
http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2007/06/redistribution_1.html
why aren't you a libertarian anymore?
too long to explain here
fair enough
I find it odd that most people here are libs
So gold diggers and uber alphas
.addterm chainsaw https://www.google.com/search?q=alexandra+daddario+gif&espv=2&biw=1459&bih=1022&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjEoIuiuLXKAhWIVyYKHXcZBboQ_AUIBigB#imgrc=p3IvPGc7_JgS7M%3A
chainsaw?
I mean I like intelligent women a lot
They're the top of each pyramid
but I can't differentiate how much of it is b/c they like me, and how much intrinsically
dammit
.modterm chainsaw http://www.joblo.com/moviehotties/images/news-gallery/orig/FO81913-Alexandra-Daddario_Career.gif
before game I had trouble communicating with girls with <130 iq
chainsaw?
the top of any pyramid is gonna be shitty people
like no one wants a golddiger
golddigger*
but they'd prefer one to an alpha chaser who doesn't care about money
DAMMIT
Shitty people are everywhere Architect 
.help
to some extent, maybe
Even the poor ones
WTF
I think more men wouldn't want an alpha chaser more than a gold digger though
err, actually no, I take that back
.mod term chainsaw http://www.joblo.com/moviehotties/images/news-gallery/orig/FO81913-Alexandra-Daddario_Career.gif
BOT!!!!!!!!!
What's the difference
the difference between what?
When I think alpha chaser I think girl who overestimated her smv
.addterm DG69SUX http://www.joblo.com/moviehotties/images/news-gallery/orig/FO81913-Alexandra-Daddario_Career.gif
why is that?
Gold digger I think girl who cashed in on it
Wtf Lonny_Z 
Yea. I think alpha chasers are just promiscuous women who bang alphas
Why do I suck
DG69SUX?
until I can figure out how to fix it you must suck
I have no issues with both imo
Though I am not sure which one I would prefer atm
an alpha chaser is more respectable because she's at least being shallow over something you inherently are
money can always be taken away from you
I still don't know why I suck
Lol
Yeah architect if an alpha chaser chases you isn't that a compliment
Money is beta bucks
.addterm DG69SUX2 http://i.imgur.com/9se6Obx.gif?noredirect
well I am miffed
Wtf
I mean  no one has to stay in a job they dont like
Ok I suck
but I have been spending hours training this person
and if she is making jokes about resiging
then I am gonna be harsher
DG69: it's a compliment, but it's also an insult
anytime you're with someone for only 1 thing, it's a double edged sword
Right
I wouldn't want to be with someone who only valued my looks
Those will fade
And he'd be more likely to leave
Than someone who valued other qualities
it's telling someone "yea, you're alpha/hot", but you're also telling them "you're worth nothing more than being alpha/hot"
I thought it was enough to guys
Yeah I wouldnt just like that
To be that
no
I wont even ltr a girl just because pretty
TRP anger is a reaction to hating that
They want to be loved for who they are
Right
Guess what you aren't.
You are the sum of what you can offer
Well neither are we
I learned that at age 8
And we can offer less
Yaaayyyyyu
women can be loved for who they are. 
but women do  usually offer men a lot less IMO
I cant do that 
because they don't need to
If all looks are you can offer
is that on women or on men for having such low standards?
I would rather just pay an escort 
Right
it's not about standards
At least I wouldnt be stuck to that person
Men say they have low standards
it's about a market economy
huh?
how is it not about standards
So men just love
I am sorry if I have low standards I am insulting myself imo.
Are men more loving
Is that the argument here
They love more indiscriminately
you're using "standards" as a means of demonizing men's natural tendency to seek sex more htan women
but it's not about that'
so long as men want sex moer, women have more selling power
they can offer nothing but their vagina
if Joe rejects her for not being a good person
Bob won't
And bob is silly effectively lowering his value
Not that its wrong
Trp says women date bad people all the time
Open market and all that
Just saying
Not a gendered thing
People overlook a lot
For hotness
I mean TRP suggests women want alphas
alphas are typically pretty nasty people
because they can be
so yea, same type of thing I guess
Architect you think women offer nothing but their vaginas?
He thinks women can get away with it
More than often
^
And he isnt wrong
That just makes men stupid imo
Ok but it isn't all we can offer
They enable that shit
lots of attractive women are losers
I'm saying
or, would be, if they weren't hot
My strategy is to find someone who valued more
oh, of course
If I wanted to get married
Or something
Looks arent the end game here  imo 
Chances are that you will look less pretty at 30 than you were at 20
His valuing of looks/youth/virginity as a #1 thing, even if I was a hot young virgin
but women who are genuinely really cool and not aspiring to ride the carousel are hard to come by
Aside from magical bs like losing weight and what not
His preference for that
Is a negative
It is
Makes me want him less
He is not valueing himself.
Because I lose value every day to him
Why wouldn't he dump me
Right, but most women want men who want that
that's the crux
No they don't
it's not THAT specifically
most women want alphas
most alphas can demand what they want
which is looks
and not being a whore, for an LTR
Hot women can demand looks too
And they do
Right
And commitment
except saint kate
lol
Aka not a whore
commitment doesn't mean not a whore
if you want an alpha, he's not going to be a virgin
Most people dont care if you are a slut
women want what other women want
That is a beta concern
Most alphas especially don't care
And they deff want what other guys want
They want the hottest
mmm, I wouldn't go so far as to say they don't care. 
To be the one with her now
Dont care as in dont mind
I knew a guy who slept with a lot of women ok
as a man who slept with a lot of women...
he had slept with a LOT of women who were married, had boyfriends, were at their own bachelorette..etc
guys who fuck a lot of women are pretty savvy to the malaebility to sexual loyalty
many don't care, sure
I agree
but many also do
Lol architect I've told you my personal stories too
We dont count the weird arabic weirdos
Idians asians and what not
DG69: in what sense?
Not to mention they are a small subset in the western world to begin with
I've slept with a lot of men
Guys don't care.
if you're a ONS
or a FWB
sure
Why would you care in a ltr?
I agree
why would a man with options want a woman who is less likely ot be loyal?
She's not dude
Most guys don't think that
It didn't cross their minds to ask
Most of the time
She is. Actual studies, which are usually counter-TRP have confirmed this. 
She isnt going to be less loyal lol.
Yeah that one graph right? About divorce
we would have to agree to disagree
DG69: no
If anything a low n count woman might dream what it is like if she slept around
there was a study about happiness in relationships and how it relates to the partner counts
Marriages at a young age fail these days ect.
Right same as a incel man
Nah, I think if anything, the woman is going to be more happy as low n count
she wins
she has the marriage and the home and the job
maybe the child
it's the guy with the bff who is going to the club everynight that is more likely to be like "fuck.."
You assume she wont think of anything else
She will have friends who tell her she missed out or ahare stories about that.
I'm definitely not jealous of my prude friends from college
They're still single too
Peer pressure is real for most people
And they're no fun
well, I mean, we're getting into micro nuance
sure, you're right
some women will have friends
who are riding carousels
Most women will have lol.
but generally a woman is going to be much happier as low Ncount than a man will
Saying otherwise is trying to make it fit your narative
in a marriage or serious LTR
And dont take foreigners into consideration i.e. not fron the west
Taht is a whole different dynamic althogether
I never consider foreigners
when I speak I speak only for the US and canada
sometimes UK too
Wait, so low n count men are less happy than low count women, in marriages
yup, I'd say so
Or it's low n women vs high
im saying a woman who has only been with 1 man, and marries him is going to be generally happier about that choice than a man who's onnly ever been with 1 woman and marries her. 
more of the men will wish they had taken part in casual sex culture than the women
Ok, so nothing to do with a n1 woman vs a n10 woman
Who gets married
 If you wanna look at the differences in n counts, it's been shown that women who have HIGH n counts, so lets say, like, 25-50, get bored or become unhappy in their relationship especially if their partner has a low N count, like, 3 or 5
high n count people are best off when they're with other high n count people
so the chick with the 50 n count and the guy with the 60 n count
the average american only has 5 partners
by 35
Apparently this is conversation killing.... :S lol. 
Doesnt that depend on their lifedtyle
Vs the actually having sex part
Lots of drugs partying and what not.
.context
I mean, you can only have 5 partners but party all the time and fuck the same people nightly
sure
there will be those people
waddup
soup Masha
I mean those people would likely yo be more game for these kind of researches
Since more outgoing vs introverted people
being low n count as a man is a bad idea, period.
what about the effect of religion
on n counts
That too.
perceievd happiness in marriage
likelihood of divorce
was religion controlled for?
where low n count means enough experience to know what you're doing
Possibly. I actually put little faith in sex/gender studies. I only really referenced it because it's one of the few studies that validates TRP instead of attacks it
which is significant
not necessarily 100+ one night stands
but I think it's anecdotally obvious that people with 50 partners make worse partners. 
I mean lets take susandeath s niece for example she has this weird looking bf but likes him because mormon
I mean yeah sure Architect 
and they havent had sex
and how do I know
That is fair, because of the implied lifestyle
cause they go to the temple
and you cant go if you have sex before marriage
I doubt
religious people announce when they've had sex
well yeah
but unless you have been in there
you cant fully understand the guilt
I agree people should be with people of similar n counts ideally 
plenty of promiscuous church goers in religious communities 
Exceptions will work
and if you have been taught your whole life that sex not in the "bounds of matrimony" is one step lower than murder
you dont simply go into the temple
I knew people who had sex before they got married
and they didnt go to the temple
i have no idea what we're talking about anymore
temples
and cults
Temple of the Jedi
they did the whole go to the bishop and repent thing
Obviously
Carkudo++
You get hitched, you can't be a jedi, generally
susandeath> you cant fully understand the guilt <-- not necessarily. I knew a few party going christians/muslims who felt more guilty about skipping prayer than having ONS
so yeah Mashakos while I agree that there are plenty promiscious people in religious communities
theer are also plenty non promiscious people
who make it to marriage as virgins
most of whom get married super earlyu
Lol Catholics
after very few months of dating
cause
hormones and stuff
Excuse pre marital sex
yeah but that is not viable for many people around the world susandeath, especially those trying to build a career or travel  
I agree
but my main poi9nt
was
what Mashakos
It's not viable for many people to live without getting laid?
did the study that correlated high n count with unhappiness in marriage control for religion
no
and its effect on people's sexual choices
it is not viable for people to marry that early in life
in many cases
oh
because religious people do make different choices about sex and their sexuality based on their religion's teaching
or
not getting sex/not being touched/not being validated causes a pretty serious detriment to your mental health
religions would have much less power
plenty of religions don't regulate sex though, susan
religious ppl do weird things
well thats kinda my point
anal is very popular in muslim communities for example
because girls believe it means they are still virgins
carkudo which religions dont regulate sex and sexuality?
muslim girls
I cant think of any off the top of my head
but I dont know all the religions in the world
buddhism maybe
buddist monks are celebate
Of the major ones, buddhism
so maybe not in its congregation
haven't heard of buddhists or hindus mentioning sex as sinful
ok so buddism doesnt regulate sex
There's no teaching in Buddhism saying that sex or love is wrong. In general, you aren't supposed to be attached to anything if you want to achieve nirvana, but that's not even all budhissts' goal
I should be a Buddhist
I like it
It's chil
l
you have to forfeit your wordly possessions DG69 
chill in a temple
hindus have complex ideas about sex
Done
Will do
Buddhist cosmology is pretty damn cool, though as a religious philosophy I think it's even shallower than Christianity
http://www.hinduwebsite.com/hinduism/h_premarital.asp
I don't care about stuff
i think i'd probably enjoy living in a japanese temple in the japaneses country
come with me DG69 
look at what that link says
Ok architect
sex for the purposed of procreation is good
I'm down
you're kind of  grungy but ill put in a good word
lust is considered a cheif enemy of human life
yeah, good luck getting a buddhism degree as a foreigner in japan
no athlete bags
so sex for babies is a chief aim
allowed
lol
and lust is a chief enemy
I would then say
that hinudism does not encourage high n counts
k, bedtime for Architect 
unless you also have high children count
good talk BeyondTheLight 
so in that sense
I'm kind of grungy?
Yeah go to bed architect
hindus do regulate sexual expression]
DG69: I don't think japanese monks take kindkly to a promiscuous, drunk athlete
UNLESS
you learn drunken master kung fu
oooooh man
http://careergarden.jp/souryo/naruniha/ - guide to becoming a monk in Japan
That's my move
and look at the rules of celibacy in hinduism
interesting
Thanks guys
Going to become monk
so basically if you can hold frame against a hindu priest and make your case, you can have as much sex as you like
i don't know if girls can be munks
now that I think fo it
Goodnight Architect !
Like I always dreamed
Sounds lretty cool
DG69: you can be an Ono Bushi
that's a cool idea
We need more kung fu warriors
if you are not doing it in a lustful Manner Mashakos
and also
Every encounter a battle
did you read further
about the rules of celebacy
rules of what?
like the caste you are in matters too
celibacy in hinduism SaintOfPirates
oh yeah, I have sex to exert control. That's self realisation right there. Bam! Sex approved.
sounds like a good reason to have 20 arms.
yep
http://www.accesstoinsight.org/lib/authors/walshe/wheel225.html
what about buddists?
He avoids unlawful sexual intercourse, abstains from it. He has no intercourse with girls who are still under the protection of father or mother, brother, sister, or relative; nor with married women, nor female convicts; nor lastly with betrothed girls.
thats what buddha said
he laid down those guidelines for sex
I wrote a paper once on Buddhism and the force
makes sense
There's no unified Buddhist scripture though
That's basically Buddha's guide to achieving nirvana
As was said earlier, rigid puritanism and total permissiveness are extreme views, to neither of which the Buddhist teaching subscribes. The one is merely an inadequate reaction against the other. What we have to do  what Buddhism in fact teaches us to do  is to map out a sane course between the two.
so basically buddism says
There are other ways to do that
go the mid way
sex is used as a tool in abrahamic religions to keep individuals in the fold
not extreme puritanism
Tibetan monks used to pursue enlightenment thorough depraved sexual orgies, for example
Because sex is meditation and shit
and not extreme per issiveness
you want sex? better get with the program
so
I will argue
that buddism also to a lesser degree
"regulates" sex
susan, there's no lesser or greater degree. Either there is regulation, or there is something other than regulation, i.e. recommendations or no regulation at all
eh
regulation is not quite the right word
which is why I put it in ""
from what I have just read, sex is permissible in buddhist/hindu teachings as long as you are honourable and can justify it being a positive force in your life
When you say "this is a sin and you will burn in hell for it" in scripture - that's regulation. When you say "If you want this, you should probably not suck a hundred dicks" - that's not regulation, because you're free to not want "this" or to try and achieve "this" while simultaenously sucking a hundred dicks
Mashakos did you read the hindu link I gave you?
which is how most people who have a conscience pursue sex 
about the caste stuff?>
I skimmed through it
well they had whole rules about being celibate
didn't get to castes as that is ...
I would argue that that means hinduism does in fact regulate sex
although i will concede that buddism does not
Buddhism at least in India and Japan, meaning probably in China too, has this while concept of hell, but I don't think you can get to hell for anything sexual
the caste system is the dung part in the "pearls and dung of wisdom" within the hindu faith
And then, hell is just another place where you live and may or may not pursue enlightenment
RANT OVER
well Mashakos we werent arguing that religions have bad parts
I just said religions regulate sexual expression
and I am only wrongh about buddism
well sure, that is not a difficult position to hold
anyway
my main point was
the abrahamic religions are unique in that they explicitly use sex as a tool of control
that saying high n count in women leads to unhappier marriages is a problem if you havent c ontrolled for religion in yoru study'
which they didnt
that was my main point
What if earth is hell you guys
We have to do a good job to get out
Or else we come back
a high n count woman disclosing that fact to a deeply religious spouse is potentially fatal in some parts of the world
well yes
I don't get what the issue is. A low n count man has the responsibility in finding a partner compatible with his experience level. It's obvious that a woman with a vastly different life experience to a potential life partner will lead to major issues.
well yeah
but its not how terpers use that study
many in trp read history selectively
Makes sense to me Mashakos 
there was a certain period in history where most women went into marriage as ignorant virgins
many of whom ended up being disgusted by sex
I mean there is a lot of sense in partnering with someone who has very similar backgrounds to you
yeah
like Kinsey
what man wants to go back to that...?
do you know why he started that whole human sexuality study?
who's Kinsey?
Kinesy
the kinsey scale?
oh
yeah
ah
he created that
he started out studying human sexuality after he got married
and sex was painful for his wife
he figured it shouldnt be
but they were both virgins
in a sexually repressed society
so thay sparked his interest in studying it
it started out as a way to make sex nice for his wife
but what about all those poor women how didnt have curious husbands
the 
"lie back and think of England  generation"
and then the poor husbands
who would get rejected for sex probably a lot
cause it sucked for their wives
yeah
http://imgur.com/gallery/LawFIZO
lol
lol!
if trp n00bs think sex is hard to get today, they should go find a time machine taking them back 150 years or so
difficulty level VICTORIAN
they would have had to pay for it
IF
and risk social exile
they were upper class
Ugh but susandeath 
or
You would have to woooorkkkkk
if middle and lower class
Ughhhh
seduce some girl
and then have to marry her when she got pregnant
and if upper class
would totally have to marry someone also for sex
susandeath> seduce some girl <- ha. haha. hahahahahaha
although they could have a mistress on the side
mistresses are pricey things
good luck trying to even talk to a girl back then without her screaming at the top of her lungs, scandalised 
Mashakps
if we talking lower classes and lower middle classes
it was possible
plenty of those class of people were married after the woman fell pregnant
where? in the stable?
fields
woods
lots of places for dalliance
so basically you'd have to be not just Alpha, but super Alpha
no
poop deck on rowboat?
for a girl to risk getting pregnant
youd just end up married
probably not
it was pretty common amongst the working class for "courtship" to include sex
and you didnt need to be super alpha
I mean
I am not sure you can even alpha if you are working class
susandeath: for "courtship" to include sex <-- in the puritanical 1800's ??
I guess it depends on who is defining alpha
Mashakos
in the UK
totally
less puritanical in the lower classes
you are not thiking earls etc
these are milkmaids and servant girls
they would still have to be discrete about it
there are reasons that you can find ribald folk songs about milkmaids
Mashakos
and very forward as a guy
yes
they would sneak off for sex
the woman ends up pregnant
then 
marriage
so not exactly the cofort zone of your typical awkward nerdy trp
no more sneaking
very common
there was very little opportunity to be an awkward nerdy guy in the lowerr classes
they al had to go get work
being a nerd mean you needed some jind of independent income
this is the problem
I was referring to a trp dude going back in time
if he did
he would have no idea what to do with himself
most ofthem are basing their idea of teh past on the upper class
and they are not it
most of us are not
even if he carried enough cash to be independent he would still be shit out of luck
well yeah
cause with no family pedigree
he would find it hard to be accpeted by the upper class
unless he had charisma
and if he had tons of charisma
he would not be on trp
there seems to be this sentiment that men in the "golden age" just needed to wait in a queue at a female dispensing station
Yup susandeath no pedigree
3:49 AM <Mashakos> susandeath: for "courtship" to include sex <-- in the puritanical 1800's ??
Dude
yeah MAshakos
although actually
Something like 30% of New England marriages in the 1700s involved the girl beig pregnant
if a trp had tons of money
he could go back in time
We learn this in highschool history
pay some guy to help him pick the best outfit
and then pay a high class courtesean for sex
Courtship commonly involved sex
witzie: so early americans were sloots? lol
well yeah witzie unless you were upper class in which case you had a chaperone to keep an eye on your hormones
commoners of western society are typically not that uptight
I am reminded of that movie
The Homesman
where hilary swank was fake playing piano on a quilt stitched to resemble keyboard keys to a guy who looked mentally handicapped in order to woo him
just because she needed the extra cattle
good times for men, hehehe
this is actually an amazing time to be a woman. The first time in history where a woman's reputation is not linked to her virginity. 
it still is for some
and a weird time to be a man, since the status of male virgins has largely remained the same
The status of men will never change in a million years
Either you have social or economic proof or you don't
except for the fact that you can't blame your virginity on not finding a wife, so you are worse off today if you haven't figured out how to engage women
Why would people know about a man's virginity
there are literally no excuses for being a male virgin past the age of 20
Becase you tell them duh dg69
Silly woman
DG69: I think it's not hard to figure out if a man is still a virgin
Why would you tell lol
Cause virgins are like women, they wine about their problems.
it's usually pretty apparent within the right context
Mashakos I would understand if I met a male 20yo virgin
well you're weird
I actively tried to lose my virginity from the age of 16, took me til 20
And I'm a girl
did you try to spread your legs? :D
nah, she should've propped her knees above her neck
that's the ticket
did you hide cookies in the bed?
I wasn't even ugly!
Just awkward
Very awkward
DG69: I think the whole male virginity thing matters among guys, it's really when you are with a bunch of guy friends that you feel the pressure to get laid
I lost my virginity at 16 by one of my older friends (21) sent over one of his plates so that I would get it overwith
that was weird
you had a 21 year old friend at 16?
Mashakos I felt that same pressure like every time I hung out with friends and they'd talk about sex
Mashakos: Most of my friends when I 16 was over 20
And throw a little, "not like you'd know dg"
well all of them actually
I get that dg69
I just told you about it 
Some girls can be so awkward.
Yeah haha
dencrypt_: why am I asking that question? lol (I went to university at 16, my colleagues were all 18/19)
:)
I would've been so weird to BeyondTheLight in high school <333
DG69: that's hilarious! your girlfriends all being bros about sex
You would have probably been weird in a good way dg69
Not creepy weird
I actually knew a female incel my junior year in college
Why is that hilarious Mashakos? Girls in the us lose their virginities earlier than guys on average
Why wouldn't they talk about it
(It's almost the same though ~17)
crazy smart but pock marked pimply face and hair like hagrid
Seriously though female virgin shaming is real
protip: you hear the harshest critiques from girls if you hang around them in school.
Other American girls know
she is probably drop down gorgeous today, I'm sure
I don't get why it's hilarious for girls to talk about sex
but yeah, the awkward stage for girls is pretty rough
Why wouldn't they
If they're doing it
I assumed they didn't keep score
Well you certainly know who has or hasn't done it
It's like a label
In my experience, it's a label regardless of reality
I generally get involved in the social dynamics of girls, no idea what you chicks do when us Chads are away
*I don't generally
I know a girl who used to be REALLY promiscuous, but kinda stopped. Other girls at the workplace assumed she's a virgin, because she's fat, introverted and has bad hygiene
Lol ok Chad
They ysually arent tht much different 
Hi PPDBot
sup dragoness
sup!
haha
Hi
lol, hi BeyondTheLight 
twerking is rape culture
Correction secret rape culture
Because he did it in secret
everything is rape culture if you  SJW hard enough 
don't you know BeyondTheLight ?
Know what?
rape culture is secret, that's why feminists keep bringing it up.
Sigh ruined the joke Mashakos 
to expose the illuminati 
Ugh
my joke is better
I ruin your bad jokes!
No its too reddit generic
We have to step away from that man
Irc generic is the way to go
Go with your times grandpa
The*
hey, men get sexier as they age
that means you're low SMV for at least another ten years BTL
Fuck
suck it!
I will have to tell the girls that
Sorry women I am too young
you can always dye your hair white
But but
Can I use money
instant Alpha SMV
Cause status and what not
nah, when you're young you'd just be a rich faggot
Fuck
https://www.yahoo.com/style/woman-sent-her-ex-bar-031359507.html
Doomed if I do doomed if I dont
lolol. I'd do this
BeyondTheLight is hot
how is that revenge?
Would do
sounds like a sexual offering
he really is hot
use my fat senpai!
it's so gross but so lovely 
Right dragoness ? Handsome dude
where is his pic?
he only sends it to nubile young nymphs 
Lmao that women is a hero hahaha
Woman*
ohhh you mean BeyondTheLight 
thought you were talking about the guy the girl sent the soap to
no. wtf
I assumed you were asking for a pic of BTL....
Lol me too
BeyondTheLight already sent me a pic. The slut. 
<Mashakos> twerking is rape culture <- my city is the city of culture, and we're inclusive
haha
Rofl carkudo
<dragoness> he only sends it to nubile young nymphs 
I knew someone who turned out to be SJW. She sent me this long rant email about rape culture in gaming, after a press conference where MS execs were playing Killer Instinct on stage
Mashakos: you arent telling me something
what would you do in that situation?
Are you pulling a buck angel?
lolol
nah, I will just use you for your money BeyondTheLight 
hey, that's my job
'cause I'm a giant tease 
er, I mean....
back to my question: what would you do if you found out a friend was a raging SJW?
1) avoid discussing any of those subjects with them and try to still maintain friendship, albeit with some distance and 2) drop them altogether 
I had a couple friends go down that road. 
I dont have those friends anymore
3) kill them
what I learned: it's impossible to remain friends without hearing some rant about feminist nonsense. I blocked her on skype. 
Lol Killer Instinct!!'
I never have the chance to block them. They usually block me first.
<Carkudo> 3) kill them 
Usually when they realize I am right
hence why I don't have those friends anymore 
That is actual hysteria.
oooh
you have to play the long game dencrypt_, to get the satisfaction of blocking them 
politik 101
I played the long-game. That's usually why I had my dick in them beforehand.
Catch the moment to interrupt them mid-rant with something extremely sexist, then immediately block them?
nod and smile as your hand creeps to the block button
 bludgeon them to death with intellectual and logical debate until they smarten the fuck up?
look, I had friends who got in too deep into believing the Illuminati was taking over the entertainment industry 
that shit is wayyy worse
implying they aren't
but yeah, I had a coworker like that
dragoness: seriously?
my sister is a kind of crazy sjw
I thought illuminati videos were dank memes
why no, no I don't think Beyonce sacrificed her real first born Ashley....next subject
I just ignore it shes interesting in other ways
dude was smart as hell, taught himself Japanese and was fluent within a year while working a full-time menial job. Then got a job at the same place as me and every smoke break it was lizard men and ancient egyptian astronauts spiced up with some milennia-long global conspiracy to destroy Russia
so, in other words, he was dead on
I love that 
heh, brings back memories
my dad talks about chemtrails
^^^
I spent an entire hour trying to convince a friend that the pyramids were not built by aliens
AHH, one of my best friends used to call me at 2am high as the ISS ranting about chemtrails
they were though
so you're the chump!
chemtrails?
lol
he made a thousand other words too dragoness 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chemtrail_conspiracy_theory
chemrain, chemclouds, chemglow, chempuffs, chemdew, chemtwinkles, chemsun
lolol
ah, bless
lmao chemtrails :D :D
chemjws
the chemclouds were grouped by being chempuffs, chemfluffs, chemwhiffs, chemfog
chamtards
and chemjews too
obviously
like obviously chemwiffs are going to be different than chempuffs
but
what if it IS true?
chemwhisps 
taht would explain
something
I hoped that 911 would end a lot of the conspiracy theory bullshit, that the US government is this omnipotent alien lizard being controlling everything but nope....
I mean, it was fucked up but it at least should have laid to rest these notions
I steer clear of the topic generally, but I'm not completely sold that 9/11 wasn't at least in some way an inside job
psh, says the chemayrab
the US government caused it!
the chemgov, mate
to control the world!
Maybe it has something to do with similar terrorist acts in Russia being pretty clear inside jobs, but meh
<witzie> the chemgov, mate
hahaha!
idk why I'm giggling 
dragoness, this kind of ridicule is clearly chemist. Stop it
:D
Stop chem shaming!
to the arabs I'm a dirty black, to the illuminati jews I'm a dirty ayrab. Just can't win :(
I'm still pretty convinced you're just a dirty arab 
*chemrab ftfy
says the illuminati jew
Let's all move to Japan and just be dirty foreigners eh
gaijin till I die
do you feel more black or arab Mashakos ?
I can answer this for him
black
he made me do a black power fist and everything
Chemnas
Xemnas!
anyone from Sudan calling themselves arab (aside from the actual arab families) is an idiot
I broke the code guys!
dragoness: hey, my country used to be the Kingdom of Kush
can't get more black than that
oh hey
good news day
they're going to nationalize all vodka production in Russia
Kingdom of Tush
Eeey
more like it
does that mean you can finally buy it after 10??
You should drink some water Carkudo 
because if not...this doesn't help me
Nah, it'll mean you won't be able to buy it all
Which spells doom for Putin's regime
oh my
What?
Are they stopping the water supply in your country Carkudo ?
That is inhumane!
control the vodka, control the world - russian proverb
they're going to cut the price in half, impose a mandatory vodka quota on all single men
PROFIT
Yep
And then production just stops
And then no vodka in stores
And then rioting
And then REVOLUTION
yeah right
Boo dg69 share your slooty stories with me 
the vodka quota will be for minimum consumption, not maximum
inflation increased by 5% in a single day? drink!
Obama driving up utilities costs? drink!
https://imgur.com/Y66MYkT
lol at the obeasts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74gTaRy5GWY
Rofl
chillin' at the friendzone https://i.imgur.com/1eED0oo.jpg
"Stand 1 feet behind me martin!"
damn that's accurate
He seems more like a steve
Hmm, yeah they do look american 
steve works more than martin 
The steve is silent though just like his prescence on her fuckradar
hahahaha
lol
BeyondTheLight: are you living in sweden?
Netherlands 
ah
So I am underwater all day
monsoon season this year?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41ju3u/update_me_28f_not_feeling_supported_by_my_husband/
Mostly rain with harsh wind
what?
they talked it out
noooo
Effectively feeling like -20
what is this adult behaviour on reddit
ugh, wall of text
can tell it's a crazy bitch
what
hahaha
you misjudged her
she listened when reddit told her she was being a control freak and she needed to relax
"For example: in the mornings, sometimes hell make both of us fried eggs and bacon for breakfast, but then leave both plates and the frying pans for me to clean up after hes left for work."
because he has to go to WORK. lol
divorce rape avoided. Happy ending for all.
check day today
yay
in celebration of which i have purchased 2 sweaters 
ncie
Mashakos did you read the update

skimmed through it, noted that she is finally communicating
well then
it is a story with a happy ending
no need to be all negative
nancy
she didn't make him a sandwich
hey bot
I'm wondering why I ain't the bots bro
hey there red
Mashakos she cooks him dinner every night
not
good
enough
lol
.msg #purplepilldebate say RedManBearPig you are too mighty to be a bro
nice
pffft Mashakos
you are just being picky now
all men whos wives complain about being housewives and not getting "enough support" should quit their jobs immediately
^^^^
eh I think if you complain a bit
and then
take the good advice you are given
to stop making him do chores all weekend
and give him space to see his kids
and bascially relax your ass
the whole point of a house wife is that she should not be complaining
then its all good
that's what I am paying her to do
Mashakos 
stfu and make me a sandwich
do you know nothing about human nature
Lol dude made her breakfast and he had to leave for WORK
What a shitty gf lol
I dunno
i think she acted like a grown up in her update
a house wife saying that would be a house wife talking too much
she listened to the people
who told her she was bitching witout cayuse
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/bzGwRYVk/
^my mom 
when we talked about this on fb a while ago
the guy actually conceded to doing house work after he has had a full day at the office. I would not have done that.
I dont mind it 
if she had a real job, she would have a position to argue from
I actually like doing it because I like a clean house and all that
But the moment people bitch for free things
Is the moment I get pissed
On free *
ok to be serious for one millisecond
the house is her responsibility. 
aw@your mommy
jut like the guy's role at the office is his
shes got it
if the guy went to his manager and bothered him every time he couldn't figure out how to manage doing his own job, he would be fired within a month
on the other hand a wife isnt an employee
and there are feelings and relationships and resentments etc at stake
in a marriage
that arent at stake in a job
shhh AtlasB  
back to equations
and stemlording
lol
i have to go shower
stop existing til i come home
eh, depends on the couple's standards and expectations 
your momma is smart witzie, if she said what you just posted
AtlasB++
she said it
she is smart
Lol my mother always says something similar
I guess that is how people are in a more trad relationship imo
AtlasB> and there are feelings and relationships and resentments etc at stake <-- problems arise when the wife does not commit to the agreed upon plan after open communication has taken place. How well this couple is going to work out depends on the level of commitment both parties put behind their promises.
perpetual course correction never works
you know. maybe it's harder now a days to get proper commitment out of a partner. Not only in terms of commitment to the relationship but also commitment to promises, deals, commitment to work for it
I think it's harder if one or both partners aren't sure of what they want out of the relationship.
I think people don't know what they want out of a relationship
They just want a partner and that's it
They want "love"
hah
that's a recipe for disaster
if kids are in the mix
See if they want kids that's a something you can commit too
but generally speaking people between 15 to 28 don't know what they really want out of a relation
ime
<RedManBearPig> They just want a partner and that's it
Yeah I knew a girl like that
She liked me but god she wanted a bf sooooo bad
She was cute and all that but we were incompatible in terms of goals and what not
And that is just a recipe for disaster
I think that the woman in the link needed to find her feet
people do
I think making a relationship works means stopping from time to time to make sure eveyrone is happy
that the team is working
as opposed to just kinda going on
in a routine
That is a big part of it yeah
never questioning
Making sure each others needs are met
yeah
And yeah sometimes relationships just dont work because of reasons but that is outside of your power
communication is important
as long as what was said has actual weight in the real world
nah
She should just know what I want
Talking is for pussies
Haha
That is why RedManBearPig is into bioneurology
He wants to create a mind reading device
or a remote orgasm control device
"you're getting an upgrade honey"
Haha
the white knight horror movie was everything I hoped it would be
a must watch
the guy was even a masculinities and men's issues professor lol
Hhahaha
the fuck
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41n7uk/discussion_is_it_an_undeniable_fact_that_there_is/cz3o9cm
I found this interesting.
you better have upvoted my joke Mashakos 
oh darn I thought that was the "are women funny" thread
what joke?
Guys who are 30 or above will see that men are not disadvantaged in any way because they did not go through a broken education system and have to deal with losing points for being male while applying for jobs. 
well, broken is an exaggeration. It's more that boys (especially white boys) are given very little support because they are viewed as a group that faces no challenges in life.
unfortunately the lackluster education boys get shows - the ones answering to that comment are doing a very bad job articulating their concerns
yeah
the comment that sparked that thread annoyed me a lot
mens issues need their own voice 
not to be lumped in with feminism and discussed at a time convenient for women
you can only do so much under one umbrella
like me
I knit hats for homeless people
we give them out at the beginning with winter
with a pamphlet that shows them how to keep warm in winter
lots of my hats go to drug users
when people ask my why I dont try get them into rehab
and thats not my focus
the focus of feminism is not on men's issues
Well I would say boys get a more suck it up and man up
yeah, that's annoying
and I dont think thats a problem
I think its a problem when feminism tries to silence the voices of men concerning their own issues
That is what I got a really young age
I turned out half decent imo
it's annoying to blame EVERYBODY for problems that were not started by one group or the other
More kids need the whole shut up and man up thing
nobody likes or tolerates a fully grown neckbeard's whining - but if your job prospects are seriously hampered because the general sentiment is that you're a guy and you'll land on your feet somehow, it becomes a real issue
BPers fighting the good fight against reality again
witzie: some women are funny but then you have the women who think the stuff on trollXC is "hilarious"
and thank God for that
Mutulating manly bodyparts is humor for feminists
or us men would have a really tough time getting into girls' pants
Lol what kind of humor do you mean Mashakos 
Like the laugh about everything thing?
pretty much
"my vagina started doing vagina things today! LOLOLOL"
here Mashakos 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41lcwn/are_women_unfunny/cz38lgd?context=3
to be fair 90% of men humor is dick and ball jokes
which are completely unfunny
just apparently not to men
huh?
oh, white guys
Bill Burr is the funniest man alive
yeah, white boys aren't funny
alright, I stand corrected
Bill Burr is the man
and he doesn't have any dick jokes
Bill Burr is not that funny to me 
except anal-jokes
I watched a few vidoes and it was meh
"We like it because you hate it"
lol
witzie: come on! you didn't think the sandwich joke was funny?
what sandwich joke?
I haven't really found any standup I find super funny
about what it means to a man when his girl makes him a sandwich without him asking
most standup is terrible
witzie: is just boring
Doesnt like bill burr pft
Patrice O'Neal had some good one liners. "when we are at the club your sex value is higher than mine, but when we are in a relationship my commitment value is higher than yours. you are more sexable, but I'm more loveable."
see thats not funny to me
thats just some guy terping in front of a crowd
like cool whatever
it's the truth!
I'm not going to laugh like I laugh at actual funny guys
my dad, brother, boyfriend
are hilarious
they don't make boring sandwich jokes
witzie needs dad jokes
and talk about being loveable
don't you see how lame that is?
wtf is a sandwich joke anyway?
I dont like patrice oneil that much to be honest
guys are more loveable, he nailed it. Commitment matters to women as much as sex matters to men.
Dave chapelle is way better than bill burr imo
that might be true but its not funny Mashakos 
well
maybe its funny to guys
I wouldn't know
Nah I dont like it 
what is funny to guys?
Patrice oneil is rp and all that
But not as funny imi
of course it's no funny to chicks, they know it
well
fuck them
something being true doesn't make it funny!
:p
"the sky is blue" 
hey Im a comedian!
its true!
hurr hurr everyone
it's the way he says it that makes it funny imo
it's how you say things mostly
which is why them female comedians cant seem to nail it
like Russell Peters about how blacks make fun of others
Link it Mashakos 
white people just laugh and say shit like "haha you're fat!"
they do well with the "does this happen to you too" routine though
a black guy tells his Indian friend "get me a slushy on the way to your dad's"
https://youtu.be/fL-1kHxsavI
This is funny for example
I know a sandwich joke
"what do you do if you are fighting with a woman?"
Dave Chappelle's skit on wonder woman was hilarious
get her to make you a sandwich?
"hand her a bread knife and she will stop fighting and make a sandwich"
it's a flying whore!
no
bitch
stay away from my sandwich!
what?
i can make it better!
wow
that was a bit harsh
:P
I mean you dont have to call me a bitch right off the bat!
:P
hahaha
"shhh!
Well, he's the guy who draws a butt for his signature: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/Dave_Chapelle_Signature.svg
lol
i guess femis hate dave chap
hahhaha
classic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsowYYv8suI
there goes the batmobile
daym
http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2016/01/18/marissa-mayer-become-symbol-silicon-valleys-disastrous-tokenism/
lol
who invests on fucking tumbler
Lol
I would if it made me money
Sorry I am a filthy sell out
I am not above that
but it ddint
that's the point
xD
Russell Peters - White people are not racist https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dhjwWhlk5Q
Hence I would haha
witzie: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41lcwn/are_women_unfunny/cz3vpbi
https://twitter.com/KevinWeinberg1/status/689295606095982596
lol
feminists getting a taste of their own medicine
God I love dave chap
huehue
His wonderwoman skit is the best
http://i.imgur.com/4irS15k.png
who is amy schusomething
to be fair, OP does not know what comedy is if he thinks amy schumer is not funny
ewwwwwwww
FirionDarklight: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-cekCgenAg
that's amy schumer
eewwww
watch that
FirionDarklight slaps susan ---> Face RAAAAAPE!
why is funny
aw women have it bad :(
am i missing some postmodernism context?
why is what funny?
yes
i dont get it
iguess it's women laughing at their self pity or sth
i dont get it
and she is like i get many black cocks
what's funny
I never knew why asian women held their hands to their mouths when they laughed
now I do!
i dont get it
why is she paid for this
ok
so this is totally not safe for life
someone explain to me
maybe i am just missing the stupid american humor
but I had to share a moment of WTFuckness I just expreiences
amy schumer gets guy humour. Apparently you don't FirionDarklight 
no she doesnt
https://lostnchina.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/knight-in-shining-armor1.jpg
NSFL
that's not guy humor
that;s like a bad bastardised impersonation
maybe its her voice
i dont know
dude, amy schumer is dangerous
why
she spoke to mike tyson in a way no man ever will https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MylhoTBrLrI
she brings national iq and humor quality down?
dafuq was that susandeath ??
What's with the dude susandeath?
lets see
maybe she does better in this one
I was lloking for a picture of a knight squishing out of his armour
and found that
maybe he just wants to feel pretty?
lol wat
I need some eye bleach....
but I am glad to share the wtfuckness
I warned you all
I marked it NSFL!
ok
the face tattoo was good
everything was like
told in a tone
ha i know it all
http://fixnation.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/cats-kittens_00379052.jpg
which makes it come out unfunny
here we go
eye bleach!
ok she is kinda picking up
i guess 5.5/10
a little above mediocrity and u stand out in murika
heh
ok
6/10
eye bleach for the males http://i.imgur.com/uSPOf7g.jpg
give us bigger booty!
and longer hair
kittens are cuter
yeah whatever 
huh, interesting. There is a correlation between how expensive a wedding is and chance of divorce
more money spent correlates with a higher chance for a divorce
so if i  spent no money i get no divorce
wooo
Sup PPDBot
damn these numbers
ey
http://thehustle.co/average-marriage-cost
.context
actually RMBP that might fit into AtlasB's misstress or wife theory
I am sure she said yesterday that if a woman needs a lot of stuff
she is more of a mistress type than wife type
and mistresses
have never really been noted for their loyalty
they are loyal
until the money runs out
or the fun
Interesting
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-01-19/uk-debates-petition-to-ban-trump/7097368
i think things are going to be awkward internationally if trump becomes president
that's why i doubt it, someone with such reputation becoming prez?
trump has borrowed millions from middle eastern investors, it's all for show http://www.albawaba.com/business/arab-investors-wont-dump-trump-despite-anti-muslim-remarks-779558
Mashakos money talks
Tis business.
I would trade with a serial killer if it would get me what I wanted
he's going to embrace his mulsim brothers once he is in office
Would be fun if he came out as a closet-muslim when winning the presidential election
im not sure why the international community cares though. there's not a huge difference in policy/behaviour between the two parties when it comes to foreign policy
Hahahahahha
Lol I would love him then
putin supports trump
which is alarming imo
Especially if he builds the mexican wall
Troll of the century
Yeah ahah
i dont understand why leftists say that trump wanting to fuck his daughter is "creepy"
why are they not tolerant of his sexuality?
Lol
lol
he's white
lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYh7uq-hzhY
Incest is just disgusting overal
that's why
Just like most people would think homosexual sex is disgusting
if he was a black transexual woman it would be OK
probably even beautiful
dencrypt_: that prob just has to do with diff audience/followers
BeyondTheLight> Incest is just disgusting overal
yes
BeyondTheLight++
i don't think the type of people who'd criticize trump for incest would care about a black transexual woman. lol
Yup lol
And at the very least you dont get defective hildren with homosexuality. Or children at all for that matter haha.
isn't that artificial womb on it's way though?
no, i think trump is criticized for incest by the same people
the ones who are concerned about "creepiness"
milo vs. victimisation complex. brilliant vid
i'll take your word for it. i don't really pay attentino to those people
No idea dencrypt_ 
And if it is, it isnt for the poor
BeyondTheLight++
it's not even just the technology
It'll probably be like the flatscreens
I doubt anyone would be able to afford it aside from the elite
costs shit the first years
think about the legality
Yeah
That too
the companies will need a lot to cover their asses
Lots of backlash
in case something goes wrong
well, single mothers can insiminate in Sweden now
Maybe they create a new serial killer
You have to cover yourself for these ifs
how much does a surrogate cost?
a living growing thing inside those things, and presumably they'll be with the company to be monitored
Expensive if you want good "quality" filozof 
if something goes wrong that's a living baby dying, under watch
somebody said that artificial wombs would be a win both for the prolifers and the prochoicers
Yeah
not something conveniently hidden from people's view
because children wouldnt need to die
inside somewoman's womb, behind skin
and women wouldnt need to go through unwanted pregnancy
They can see it grow and be someone at fault
Perhaps even be at fault for creating a "abomination" fiat
yeah, how would you do testing on those things?
It is something that scares us deep inside
would you create a human factory or something?
That what comes out wnt be "human".
yep. point is there'll be at least as much risk as surgeons take and there's so much insurance/liabilities
behind what they do
Yeah
that'll add to costs, def not somthing for the poor. maybe something experimental for elite who are interested in novelty
at least surgeons are doing something because they have to
Exactly
so if it goes wrong, you dont blame them as much
You would pay 100s of ks for a vhild if that were the case
Not the kind of money most people have lying around
why would you pay for this if you can buy a surrogate?
Especially for the lower 1%
Because you can alter genetic information at that point
And actually breed for traits
oh no ethan hawkes everywhere
And you hve more control
"I want my kid to have a jew-nose so he'll be fuckin rich"
You decide in WHAT environment the fetus grows
Vs a surrogate that moves a lot that could get hurt deink alcohol do drugs and ect.
lol @ the day we discover real pleiotropic connection between jew nose and wealth
Haha
that goes beyond correlation
:D
"New study finds that we want to give money to people with bigger noses"
that would be such a defeat for leftists
So filozof I wouldnt consider doing a surrogate 
Only if you are willing to spend like 20k-40k for good eggcells
And find a willing surrogate and pay for her expenses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qSXyz3he3M&feature=youtu.be
Doesnt drink  ect...
this guy goes ot a desert island to lose his virginity
gets rejected twice
then turns gay
after two rejections? loser
You are better off getting a girl 
i personally would prefer the natural way
although i'd be concerned about the damage to my girl's body
wouldnt want her to become less sexy
If that is your big concern you shouldnt have children at all.
She is the mother of your child 
gi BTL!
BeyondTheLight++
Not some perpetual cumdumpster
well
rejected by 2 women
over like 7 months
i shouldnt be concerned about how my wife looks?
she is gonna get old
Not to that extent no.
i dont understand
her breasts will sag
her skin will become less elastic
If that is your big issue then you shouldnt have children
this will happen without kids
She will get old ect.
so your conclusion is i shouldnt be concerned about how my wife looks
might as well marry an uggo
right?
no
......
why?
thats not what the conclusion is
the conclusion is
that if you are already concerned with how having children will affect the sexiness of your wife
maybe
you shoudlnt have kids
or in fact get married
why
She will get older and uggo faster
rather just trade in your hot mistress for a new one every few years
so she stays sexy
why
if sexy is all you are concerned about
Hell I would say go get a escort
 mistress
Or that
Whatever works 
That way they will be eternally goodlooking
one of the main points of marriage is to have kids and have your relation to them put under legal framework , filozof 
Since you just trade them in for someone else over time
exactly BTL
in any case do you think it's possible that your standards will change over time
when you're hooked up
Right fiat.
and have kids
whats your point fiat?
i dont really understand how that relates to what i said
point is that if you're not interested in having kids with your wife then there's slightly less reason to be married
in the first place
i didnt say im not interested in having kids with my wife
that's what they were saying. whynot have a surrogate and a mistress
i said i would prefer the natural way
filozof> although i'd be concerned about the damage to my girl's body
4:16 PM <filozof> wouldnt want her to become less sexy
i just said that i'd be concerned about how she would look afterwards
these statements make it appear that sexiness is one of the main things you look for
in which case
because for obvious reasons, i'd like my wife to be sexy
you would be better off with a mistress and a surrogate
oh in that case that's fair. need ways to encourage them to keep working out then
cause then your mistress will always be sexy
you just trade in for a younger model
locking down your priorities is the important bit filozof 
every so often
yeah some women can look pretty good after pregnancy
and then you get to keep the sexy companion
and have kids
but some become whales, which saddens me
but diont have to worry about the whole divorce rape thing
if you want a *long* term relationship, you have to be prepared for your partner growing old
just check out their mothers if it bothers you that much. like mother like daughter
Yeah Mashakos 
Yes
kids or nmo kids
the woman is gonna get older
i agree i should be prepared for my partner growing old
and look less exy
*sexy
But that doesn"t mean there should be an incentive for both of you to stay fit'
doesnt mean i dont want them to be hot in the meantime
no one is saying that
besides, everyone who can avoids oldness
there shouldn"t be*
people like heff dont fuck old chicks
lol
Heff has escorts
we are questioning how high on the priority list the sexiness is given that you voiced a concern that pregancy would make your wife less sexy
Mistresses and what not
exactly BTL
heff is a hedonist filozof 
Also good ro note
You are NOT heff.
but yeah, beauty is fleeting, sound mind stays longer
you are far removed from what he is, trust me
lol
that's why i want to have a wife with a good character above all
few men get to be hoff
And that isnt a insult 
and they ALL Pay for sex
You just aren't him.
i never said i'm heff, i just said that everybody who can avoids fucking old chicks
No that isnt everyone.
That is he point.
I disagree with that statement filozof
heff decided he'd rather have endless pussy than a committed long term relationship
plenty old women get action
men with old wives would trade them for a younger model in a heartbeat
filozof: what range of girls do you think would be avalaible to you at your physical peak?
and because of that he has to pay for it to get it
STDS are rampant in old age homes
and he's cool with it
since tyhe invention of viagra
what do you mean by "range of girls"?
all those old folks
getting it one
wrinkly old person sex!
all over the place
you mean attractiveness?
and none of them monogamous
range as in what is the best you could get according to you?
yes
its like one big orgy in Florida
i have no idea, honestly
i think i could score 8/10 with some luck
lots of guys with average attractiveness have hot girls
Is this crisco?
i don't think i'd be a good judge of that
I dunno if you are right filozof 
cause I dont think men make good judges of attractiveness of men
who's crisco?
so you may think they are average
but they may not be
Nvm.
crisco is boscop
Yeh
he's spergier than filo and the rest of us
RedManBearPig: I believe that is the wrong approach for men. It shouldn't be "what's the best I can settle for?" it should be "what qualities can I find in a woman that will ensure she remains fit and active later in life?"
what did i say that was spergy?
it's not the reason I asked Mashakos 
we're all a bit spergy to a degree, filozof 
though i'm constantly accused of being an autist
Fiat it feels like I had this conversation before. Like I had to explain EVERYTHING to crisco
which is curious to me
debaters have their spergy moments
Mashakos those are important questions
i wonder what would be the damage after something like that http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_WqZfHaD5fJONjCfqfsD9QJkk4OPpzPv0.jpg
RedManBearPig> it's not the reason I asked Mashakos  <- oh?
this might sound tautological and circular, but i think one of the red flags for me is when someone doesn't get how he/she might seem a bit spergy to others
Lol
it shows some lack of social awareness
Yeah fiat
I usually know when I come across as weird
so i'm very spergy then
I think there is some truth in that statement
because im surprised when people call me that
I was asking because of the mention of heff
 <filozof> i wonder what would be the damage after something like that http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_WqZfHaD5fJONjCfqfsD9QJkk4OPpzPv0.jpg
ah
Your wife wont get >2+ children in one go
Wtf
Is that real?
How did that happen
Invitro
IVF ?
Ok
Because we gotta keep it realistic here, there is no hugh heffner in this chat
Yeah
Especially since you want it the natural way filozof 
heff is unique, he figured out a formula to make money and he devoted that along with his drive to live as a hedonist
heff is rich, thats why he can fuck hotties
that everyone wants
Yeah RedManBearPig most of them are normal
my point is that men of all ages want to fuck 20 year olds
good morning everyone
it's not just that he's rich
Its not just money
he's surrounded by good looking women on top of being rich
he poured a lot of time and energy into his lifestyle
more opportunities
Its his attitude 
his very lifestyle is his brand
that is not realistic for the rest of humanity
He IS playboy.
more competition; top of hierarchy of his area
etc.
Exactly
Isn't Playboy discontinued?
or something?
No idea
these factors aren't even subjective that i listd
See I don't have to explain my points, it's being done for me
even if you were a rich oil baron you can't live like heff without your reputation as a respected businessman taking a hit
But you get the idea dencrypt_ 
yeah
Exactly Mashakos 
Mashakos++
darn :/
If I am creating private schools 
People wont entrust their children to me
wanted to rake in the karma like a slutty playboy bunny
If I was some pussy hungry cad
im pretty sure you can live like heff, fucking hot chicks
you just wouldnt show them publically
then you aren't living like heff
lol
.....
Anyway you need to first get rich if you want that kind of lifestyle filozof 
And that isn't a easy feat for some random person
First getting rich is the wrong approach
No its not
He can get escorts that way
And just be the way he is
But how do I get rich?
O right
I would get those kind of answers
Questions rather.
You get my point
men who got rich by making their own money are interested in more than chasing pussy
they also have no tolerance for drama
Nah Mashakos tis all about pussy /s.
so they aren't going to go after the first piece of ass that lands on their lap
no tolerance for drama?
they have clear boundaries
lol
they set the terms for who they hang out with
hell nah, that totally depends on what kind of mind you are dealing with. THough every succesful man has his boundaries, just don't overestimate them
RedManBearPig> no tolerance for drama? <- you disagree with that?
I dont 
The drama thing is more for your chavs.
See whenever I think of these things I go to two extremes
lol chavs
The guy from wolf of wall street
are you in the UK, BeyondTheLight ?
and bill gates
well, the guy from wolf of wall street isn' exactly what I'd call a self made man. He was basically a con artist
and he lost most of his money when he got into drama
Many lots of wealthy powerful men are beta with wives
not sure how he is doing now
but he's doing fine now
Nah just the first thing that came to mind Sunhappy 
and made money again from the movie and his seminars
i dont' think he feels any regret from what he's done. 
ah but you don't see him stirring drama anymore
it was just one chapter in his life
so he's learned
Yeah AtlasB they are far from "chad"
i'm certain if he didn't get into trouble with the fed
he would still be living that lice
*life
sure
probably start the economic collapse sooner
ofcourse
You have betas getting rich who do set the boundaries
but never underestimate the debauchery of the upper class
AtlasB> Many lots of wealthy powerful men are beta with wives <- I don't discount that. It shows when they end up on the news with a messy divorce or when caught cheating
http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2016/01/18/diva-amy-schumer-cant-take-a-joke-humiliates-17-year-old-film-critic/
Gets guy humor
Yeah
Right
no i get what you're saying Mashakos . an actual prole, lower or mid class climbing up to upper-mid or upper class is going to be busy for the most part
might have less time for women
right fiat
and also be in environments less conducive to debauchery
Sure fiat
But the thing is I have noticed that a lot of people even when rich have these boundaries
it's very draining.
Especially mine
but... these problems can be solved by coke and hookers
Family*
What boundaries
reputation
What problems
Reputation
Ofcourse there are boundaries
The whole work hard thing
just because powerful men are in control of their lives doesn't mean they aren't having weird Eyes Wide Shut underground orgies
I directly said, don't overestimate the boundaries
Its so bad that my grandfather actually paid a lot of money for his son ebcause he was a trouble maker
And kept sustaining him so he wouldnt make more trouble
And its been like that for at least a 3+ generations
ew
He should have given that money to me
Just disown him
He wouldnt do that ftherly love and all that
He should have been killed 
Period.
Fuck that
My son keeps being a lowlife
In the end he still made more trouble
there is a distinction between a rich powerful man who sees partying as a temporary diversion and one who chases women. Both can be partying just as hard, the latter just isn't in control.
He will die like a lowlife
A rich and powerful man isn"t always in control of himself
You could argue that prolonging it was a sound idea.
Just damage control
dead beats are common in rich families
affluenza 
they know someone will bail them out
Its ridiculousm
Its hilarious too he bailed on several powerfull positions 
Like really powerful ones.
being born rich reinforces beta tendencies unfortunately 
But I have said too much anyway.
that's why rich parents have to be harder on their kids
Agreed
really enjoying reading your post, Camille
I am happy that I didnt get too easy of an time
you ever watched Arrested Development BeyondTheLight ?
Nope
Sounds familiar but that is about it.
how rich parents teach kids https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNZsWIzEhP4
Lol.
Actually not far off.
gotta exorcise the beta bux out of those kids
hambeasts trying to use camouflage in order to appear normal https://i.imgur.com/kEQIMfi.jpg
Your font is triggering
that's the hambeast's phone
sure, that's a "normal woman"
if that's a normal woman then it's time to kill myself
even their fonts jiggle 
right, and are fat
they can ile to themselves as much as they like but the truth always catches up to them in the end https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMHPxCqjKzE
normal~
Where is griddy
"Normal".
Lol
that moment when you realize you're disgustingly fat
incel weekend getaway http://imgur.com/KmwWGvY
.... lol
<blowing> Your font is triggering
Tis bad yeah
We need more women in here today
time to send out the gyno signal
Drok can you oppress females please? Ping the ladies here.
We need to dilute the ducks
(  .  )(  .  )
Dicks
No offense
flash the tits into the night sky! call the womenz!
Mashakos: is that the gyno signal or the boob beacon?
the gyno signal doesn't work so well at night
cause it's a hole huehuehue
.oppressfemales
I've always wondered why girls don't try to gross men out more: just mention distended uterus and google
Thanks AtlasB !
that will silence any group of men
Because they're girls duh
Wasn't it great
Oh god I googled it
lolol
Exactly girls don't act like boys
??
Sunhappy: we needed some more estrogen in here
oh
nsfl
lol
happy to help.
The incels were getting restless again over hambeasts
why did it shrink by 30 comments?
lol
BURN THE HAMBEASTS!
looks like a lot was deleted
they just might lose a few pounds
i worked out this morning at 6am! 4 miles yay
excellent!
i refuse to be a hambeast
I'm eating Taco Bell and haven't worked out in weeks yay!!!
Pft blowing I just fat shame hambeasts
yes Sunhappy, never give in! 
and you're still skinny!!
i remember those days :( :(
nothing reminds you of your age than your body gaining 3 lbs over fast food
Why do incels simultaneously get angry about female selectiveness yet hate hambeasts with the strength of a thousand suns?
witzie and her youth, just don't get too comfortable
incels are just bitter
you need to be prepared to join the resistance 
even lady hambeasts can find a husband if they  wanted to
tess holiday has a man yall
you simmer on that fact!
Sunhappy++
:D
I don't hate people who are overweight, I hate deluded fatties who think they're cute
i got nothing wrong with them thinking they are cute
its when they say other people arent normal
just cos they aitn fat
it's society
no it's self destructive
my cousin is small framed and 5'1
I hate that
weighs 118
her doctor told her to gain 10-15 lbs
user was out of their depth 
ah
what?
cuz her weight was too low
i'm so serious
118 would look chubby on 5"1"
i told her that was insane
was the doctor a fattie?
witzie right
i think she could lose another 10 lbs and be okay
either that or a chubby chaser
Lol 118 on 5'1 is chubby
I'm 10 pounds less and 3 inches taller
Not fat per se
Bur chubby
i'm just saying
even docs are saying that being thin is just universally unhealthy
<blowing> Why do incels simultaneously get angry about female selectiveness yet hate hambeasts with the strength of a thousand suns?
lmao
Cant help it man
never did i imagine that 5'1 and 118 is too thin
Its my incel status
btl, how do you even understand that incredibly wrong measuring system these people use?
10:33 AM <witzie> 118 would look chubby on 5"1" ---> no my college weight was above that and y'all saw my pics
metric and kilos is where it's at
" <blowing> Why do incels simultaneously get angry about female selectiveness yet hate hambeasts with the strength of a thousand suns?" - because both mean less hot chicks for me
it's very simple to see
How tall are you blowing 
for me being an adult and exercising is just a fact of life, indisputable. You stay fit in preparation for the apocalypse. Fatties get caught first.
I am used to it man RedManBearPig 
I am properly integrating
5 feet and three quarters of an inch to be exact
Ew
blowing is that short?
You gonna be an Americafag?
Them damn foreigners can learn from me
filozof: yes I'm short
BeyondTheLight++
filo it's only 1 std dev below the mean
i thought blowing was 5'6 or something
this is. Murican irc foreigners integrate or die
No way I use normal metrics in secret like any sane person RedManBearPig 
i think people are "short" after being under 5'0
or i thought
i'm 5'7 and most girls in poland seem to tower over me for some reason
good boy
Then I'm 3/4 of an inch above short
yes Sunhappy 
I'm 5 7
in my perception 5'0 woman is very short
and a 5'4 man
under 5'0 is when you go below 1sd below mean
I'm 6 0
5 9 In shoes
Yeah after 5'0 is too short 
i'm 5'4
Atleast I think
Sunhappy: back to 5'1 and 118
That's weird because that's within normal limits
tall women to me are like 5'9 or higher
short women are cute
For BMI
less threatening
blowing i know. i told my cousin to please not gain any weight
she's 33
Yeah don't do that
so she' doing pretty well considering she never works out
Don't gain weight
She's right in the middle of normal weight for her height
america! fuck yeah! http://i.imgur.com/f4PCm6q.png
Normal meaning Healthy
Lol
That sperg/
soooooo i'm not clicking any links again while at work lol
Yeah good idea
Sigh....
I thought pinging the estrogen would help
no fatties under the flag YEAH!
Haha
nsfw
i think people want her to be bigger
to match her husband
http://i.imgur.com/fka8qTd.jpg
he's like 6'4 to her 5'1 and maybe 300 lbs
Damn it
I dont learn
Please tag these photos
it's just a woman in bikini
http://i.imgur.com/d64OD.gif
So?
it's already tagged blowing - <Mashakos> 
filozof: please tag photos that are sexual
are polish offices/workplaces more lax, filozof ?
Consider people who aren't at home right now
i'll just not click his links rofl
filozof is probably a college kid
hahaha
He is
i thought he's graduated and is working
But it's not hard to tag things you upload
i haven't graduated
i never said i did
although i would like to have some job on the side
filozof: can you please tag uploads like that NSFW in the future?
I'm at my kids school
i thought the criteria for NSFW were different
I get that, but I'm asking for the future.
yes i can
Thank you
i inserted niceness coins
blowing right now https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CJISTV6UEAERwqU.jpg
i expect sex in the future
:D
Haha
My boobs are bigger but otherwise accurate
AHA!
you clicked the link
you knew it was me yet you couldn't resist
You didn't tag it NSFW!
I never learn
hehehe
And it wasn't NSFW!
See I trust you
typical hamstering
cause I'm Chad
lolol
It's a classic hamster
child you wish you were chad
lol
Hahahhaa
The blaccent was strong on that one
:3
quit rolling your neck at me Sunhappy !
i had the face and everything
lol
HLH not seen much in reality is surprising to me. I just figured that would be a pretty popular relationship dynamic within RPW comm
i imagine HLH is for a rare few
like women with rockstars or athletes
short to me is under 5'6" for a girl and under 6 ft for a man
like trump's wife is probably HLH cuz otherwise the relationship would never work
I think I'm from a tall area
yeh
yall must be giants
everyone calls me and my mom short 
and we are
we're 5'4"
the more anglo scandinavian an area is the taller the men
i could make a snarky comment about that but i wont, lol
thats why i see so many short men here
irish, italian
short little tough dudes
my family on both sides have short men (5'8 avg) and women (5'2 average)
R's family is all tall, so if we have kids yay we'll even out
" <witzie> short to me is under 5'6" for a girl and under 6 ft for a man" - wat
I can see LLL being a popular relationship dynamic though, i just figured a lot of RPW were with higher dominance men
do you realize that 5'9 is average for a man
i don't want a surprise pygmy in my family 
women are stupid
she said "short to me"
like i see all the convos about short guys and then see some tough buff littl ebrick of a 5 3 mexican dude with a hot latino girl
how many % of men in the US are over 6 feet? 10%?
what you should be worrying about Sunhappy 
what makes you think the preference is base don averages?
man you are quick to judge lol
is if you have baldness in your family
that's the mother's gift to the patriarchy
baldness and greying
damn
your boy is screwed
dad was gray when he was born
really love seeing these sort of write ups though more so than the advice bits. i think it brings great discussion
there's a difference between having a preference for men over 6 ft and saying that men under 6' are short
all my uncles are bald
R is balding
which is patently false
errr
yar :O lol not a big deal
the ladies aren't balding so we're good
me too actually
my dad is 5'7 im 5'7 and my brother is like 5'6
so we're pretty short
the advice bits can get redundant
better lift
i think having posts that explain RPW better will change how advice posts are written
it's hell out there for short men
that depends on how short you are, 5'7 is not that far from average
i think anglo men are pretty tall and so that was the standard people went for
i can't say i dont enjoy the occasional bit of misadvice with wingnut swooping in and just slapping them with a "No" ;) 
american was historically anglo
rofl
I got my height from my neygro genes
but you're east coast
shouldn't you be taller?
I'm 6'1"
west african men are fairly shorter than avg
ah 
Its funny I got the short end of the stick in terms kf height
lol
We have short women 5'2 and under and tall men 6'1 and above
well there you go
Most of the people in my family are 5'9 or above
thanks negroid ancestors!
for the length and memories
Lol
9:52 AM <filozof> women are stupid
have you ever lived in the midwest US filo?
tall german/scandinavian stock? 
I bet 6 ft is easily average for white guys
just because I'm not comparing the men around me to tiny asians and mexicans and eastern euros doesn't mean I'm stupid
how dare u witzie
you're stupid for thinking that
witzie++
men in the midwest are much taller than here
don't worry witzie  you can take 'im
the idea that theres some "US" average is retarded
^^
Dutch people are the tallest in the world yet our average is 1.80
I'm like a 5'11.5" manlet, I sometimes round up for ego
which is
1.80?
5.10
in your crazy feet sytem
1.8m
Take the round up drok
Your hair pushes you over
dammit
We need that in inches
Yeah true
ok, I'm 185cm
The 6 ft line
With the hair
which is 6'.06"
so I round it up
im 180cm
lool
im a REAL MAN
6'.1" baby
You can always round up
lets compare pictures of US REAL MEN
Idk filozof 
Even at .001 inch
anything 5ft is normal u shitlords
You round up
I never had issues with even women of my height liking me
I'm like 153 cm?
you know what women don't like?
http://www.businessinsider.com/rights-when-the-cops-pull-you-over-2014-1
angry short men who call them stupid
153cm
180cm
1.53m
There ya go
Bot is stupid
BTL you're 5'2?
No 
1.65m
you got that angry short man energy, you end up an incel
shorty
Yup short
Still doing fine 
I could lift you up, no problem boy
throw you around
I will blame my height or some shit if it doesnt work out later
11:04 AM <RedManBearPig> throw you around
No homo?
no homo
Extra homo?
never homo blowing
All the homo
#neverhomo
I'm the ops of never homo now!
Lol
BeyondTheLight: use your trump card. you can fit into tight spaces. to kill scary spiders of course
It does temperature in rankine
I usually just bun the house
Dont worry I will live longer than all you folk
lolol
All other temperatures are for homos
Like 98F
98F
It was very gay
hahaha
Until it was turned into rankine
21C
-14C
the fuck is rankine?
We need kelvin
69.8... so close!
Rankine > kelvin
Kelvin is still better
Rankine is to Fahrenheit, what kelvin is to Celsius
Just like euro metric system
you short people and your obscure qualifiers 
HA HA HA HA
So extra shitte?
Extra awesome
Lol what qualifiers Mashakos 
I use it in my calculations sometimes
Precisely
this rankine bullshit
Lol
gotta compensate
lololol
Drok and me do important stuff
You go code like a stem nerd ;)
I can't hear you down there
48F
Part of my job is telling the code monkeys what to code
that is my job actually
when I'm not bailing out the rejects on the Indonesia team
damn corporation and it's love for cheap labour....
Yes keep working
Fuel my income :)
i think it took me awhile to realize i need/desire high dominance men. i would always wish my so would be more empathetic/sensitive to my feelers but then would become unhappy when i felt like they were effeminate, a product of my own doing. i was shooting myself in the foot for the longest time and not understanding it
girl yes
nah, my boss is a tall aussie
Australians are terrible
They aren't what they used to be
the only relationship i had that ever lasted more than 3 months was with an alpha who was very dominant. before that, i'd meet guys, adn they were nice, but not MEN, in my mind
A is steadfast in his H traits so even if i revert to that occasionally and tell him that i wish he would be more empathetic he just looks at me and tells me ill get over it. i might get frustrated for awhile and have my feelers hurt but i realize that he knows me better than i do sometimes
and i'd internally resent them for some foreign reason
aww lol
O I meant keep that interest high up for me
little_red_: yeah my guy is like that. if i ever get to a point where i appear frustrated, he is VERY clear that my feelz are mine alone and he won't carry them for me, whatever the reason
aussies are cool
he is great with beta comforts but he has his line
No fuck them
Wombat is a aussie
i had ltrs with L men and i was happy for the most part but years in to the relationship the scales were tipped from me being happy with them comforting my feelers to not being sexually attracted to them anymore
and really, it may get to me in the moment but it makes me want him more, almost?
They can nuke that monkey hole off of the planet
they probably hate her over there as well
so while i may not always have emotional comfort with A 100% of the time im always 100% sexually attracted to him and still wildly happy with our dynamic
yep, sun
i see
he will comfort me to a point but he wont buckle to me or anything
yeah i would much rather want someone throughout my relationship, than get my way but lose tingle
how long you been with your guy? :3
i just hit 3 months but it's going amazing thus far
three years, a drop in the bucket in the long run but ive known him for about 5-6
Nah all their women are like that
aw. still a good bit of time
And the men let them get like that
yall aren't spring chickens to each other at least
Yeah fuck that noise.
They've made their laws retarded
i'm still very much learning my guy, his expectations, his needs. his plans, etc
lol no but he can still give me butterfiles
thats fun though! three years in and i still get to learn things about him
its a great adventure
it is !
All of the most retarded women from PPD are from that area
all ppd women are retarded
I'm not even surprised when I see a dumb woman and she says she is from Australia
aw
can't say I have had the same experience. I banged one of the aussie blonde senior account managers within the first month of my being at the company 
I even remember when she started getting interested
I caught her watching me as I was shouting at one of the inept Indonesians over the phone.
two weeks later, score!
I like aussies
but I'm biased because of this blonde aussie who was an ex-scientologist
Hey my h is an angry short man who calls me stupid 
to the mods, Camille, Wing, PhantomDream what is the difference between green, red and black colors when you guys post?
yeah but his fee fees aren't hurt while he is saying it
Ok?
I dont get the relevance 
But sure
I don't know about red
But green distinguishes you as a mod
that's because you're beta bux
BAM!
No I meant AtlasB 
oh
hows life, wing? :)
ah okay
she was replying to my earlier comment
Which one?
like here you are green https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/417oop/as_a_vege_when_should_i_cook_meat_for_my_man/cz0isc8
and here you aren't https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/417oop/as_a_vege_when_should_i_cook_meat_for_my_man/cz0iqmj
about short men
i didn't know if it was a warning post or something else.
O right that one
I wont say that their feefees are hurt
But their butts?
Most certainly hurt
AtlasB's husband is italian. Romans dealt with their european cousins laughing at their height the way he does with her. They called them faggots and took their shit. 
no one jokes about italians being short anymore
Yup 
that's how you do it
Drok leave yo work
Its time for jury duty 
lol quite a few differing opinions on the meat cookery!
Good response little_red_ 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41jhrw/nagging_boyfriend/cz3yhgf
That user also wants to know why we don't talk about how to manipulate men to get them to change their behavior....
thank you, i used to have a problem with that and covert contracts
realizing and changing the two have made me much happier
The post they made is weird too....awkward phrasing
I'm glad to hear that
morning all
i think her perspective may just be off. men don't really nag. 
hey happywifelife !
i've missed rpw! trying to make it a point to visit you all more often haha
well sure men nag
such a breath of fresh air
hi happy!
but its different than women's style imo
well sure
i'm thinking nag like women would nag
ah
yeah
if my hubs is "nagging" at me, you can guarantee he's kept quite or tried other ways to bring something to my attention 
the nagging means he's now pissed
men in my experience would state something and if they have to repeat it more than preferred, they usually just shut down but resent you for it
yes
Nagging is effeminate behavior I think. 
that post was a weird one anyways
like maybe it should have been addressed to TBP lol
R has reminded me of something this past weekend. it was his second time. so now i know i have to remember, because if he has to remind me again he'll get annoyed
R is not fun annoyed <3
I have to agree phantom. I dont know if some men are actually nagging or if that word is being used mistakenly. A might get on my case if i've forgotten something but i can't imgaine him nagging per se
At it's root - nagging/whining is how the person with less power tries to manipulate the person with more power to do what they want 
little kids do it all the time
wear you down 
until it's easier to just give in
right
Right there's a difference between "why won't you do this?" and its endless permutations and a man saying "stop wasting your money on stupid things"
yes
so if the woman sees the latter as nagging
maybe she's just resisting
I wish I could be on a jury
Sounds like it would be cool
Depending on the case
and the endless resisting is just reverse nagging (nagging on her part that she wants him to leave her alone)?
Must be a muslim rapist case
Otherwise there is little drama
i went to jury duty once
booooooring
yeah but youd probably get jury duty for something stupid like a traffic violation
Id be strongly biased in favor of not guilty I think
you may waste your whole day in there
and not even get picked
and mine was awesome
Unless it was muslim rapist
it was a first degree murder case
and most likely youll get disqualified for having a brain
guy killed like two people
involved a gf or something
There isn't too much detail, and the OP comes off as deliberately vague to me. But I bet she just thinks she knows better, and she's missing the underlying reasons.
ooh juicy
apparently i had too much bias
Just like anything 'mean' a man says is 'abuse'
so they chose the most boring people who have like no exposure to anything
What was your bias?
if i recall, i understood civil rights or something
the guy was black
idk
lolol
yeah, she knows better
.....
Lol
they'd say like "if yo have any experience in _____, please stand"
you'd stand if relevant
Hey dg69
then they'd ask "what's your exp?"
you'd tell them then wait another 1 hour
thats why she said she didnt want comments on the relationship itself, rather just how to lead him into not nagging lol
You owe me a sloot story booo
and then they'd tell you to leave if the lawyers didn't like you enough
I do BeyondTheLight lol
Lol the lawyers have to like you?
Men don't notice magazine purchases, or makeup....so for him TO notice that stuff she's either buying a LOT of it (or already has a LOT), or he's very mindful of money
and there's multiple questions like this. 
potentially a combination of the two
What is that for stupid shit
or think you'd be good for the jury yeah
i got paid like 20 bucks for my time by the county
and skipped a day of work 
I think it's telling that she doesn't see them as having any shared purposes in terms of money 
At least its a free meal I guess lol.
10:42 AM <Sunhappy> and there's multiple questions like this.
That s why o don't go
Like the civil rights q?
i thought you legally had to go!
I've ignored like 20 jury summons
Even when we're not saving to get something specific, we're both focused on building up savings in our house
AtlasB lol I dont blame you.
witzie they just ask you questions based on the case 
work/volunteer exp, do you have ____ type family members....are you a teacher or something
just really random shit
they screen you
how do you get out of it without showing up?
idk!
it was so boring
Not showing up lol
i think some of the ladies coming to rpw looking for "advice" are looking for validation that they are right in their decisions
I bet it is one of those things that are mandetory but they wont give you shit if you dont do it
I think "some" is a generous estimate of the proportion :p
I'd say that's the case most of the time. You can tell by the way they even frame a problem
even with the reminders to describe the issue, and not assassinate their H's character online
"staying tidy is difficult" becomes "he leaves x here and y there and NEVER clears his spot at the table"
by default though most people dont want to admit they are at fault so they resort, intentionally or not, to framing the situation in their favor
filozof would probably go crazy for this girl, hehe https://flpics0.a.ssl.fastly.net/0/608/0005299b-fcac-4475-b801-b54a93cd4fb1_958.jpg
It's part of the process - getting users to pay more attention to the role they play in every problem
house won't be dirty if you clean it
which isn't to say that it's a breeze and easy
Witzie it's calked the voir dire questionaire
Voir direM
?
The attorneys get to strike jurors based on their answer
Some peremptory strikes some for cause 
just like there's no 'cure' for getting over a relationship - you just do at some point. 
Voir dire 
Ah.
Mashakos: im starting to think with pregnancy, the younger the better
maybe get her pregnant when shes say 25
20-25
that woman is 30, it's her third kid
genetics
wtf
we must extract her DNA
yeah AtlasB !
i felt all good about my answer and stuff
and inject it into all women everywhere
like yeah son, i'm getting picked!
nah!
theyd never let me on a jury
so im not going
Do you think they'd let me?
i legit thought if you skip jury summons
they'll arrest you or something
like breaking the law
yeh i thought that too
lol nah
nah
niggas done lied
i've never been either
the letter was all official too
although had i gone, i would have been super obviously "unfit"
I want to be on a jury
it really depends on how you answer the qs and what theyr elookign for
how do get out of jury duty http://i.imgur.com/C8unc63.jpg
But don't know if they let me
No Sunhappy like I said its probably one of those things wherr they just scare you
Mashakos is filozof into pregnant women now
But dont chase after you
lol filo
i figured it would be like taxes
you ahve to pay your taxes!!
in crim pro two we studied the oj simpson voir dire
it's in the constitution!
it was sooooo long
looool oj simpson
witzie has a justice boner after watching that doc am I right
i would hate to be on that jury
DG69: for a small fee he can get you pregnant too
I think they choose stupid jurors
witzie always has a raging justice boner
Blank slates
Its jury duty Sunhappy 
the jury would ask "are you black?" or something rofl
they do
*the lawyers, i mean
Not taxes
can you imagine the bias??
they peremptorily strike most smart ppl
witzie: I think they choose stupid jurors <- told you, if you use your brain no jury duty required
good morning!
Taxes> life of some criminal
"have you ever watched the juice on the field???"
If someone like atlas or me is on a jury, thy know we will decide what's right and then lawyer the other jurors using smart people language
"did you attend an HBCU?"
They don't want that
"is your last name Jenkins?"
They want to win your feels
lol
were there even black people on the jury?
oj jury?
in that case? i know it was on tv but i didn't watch it while airing
yeah
yes thats why he was acquitted
rofl
hmph, i thouhty it was the glove
i thought it was cuz of the "if the glove don't fit, you must acquit" 
LOL happywifelife 
lol
They struck my Chemistry professor from jury duty on meth cooking because he knew the actual chemistry of drug making
well fuck, there reallly is no justice then
theyd strike me fo rbeing a lawyer
They just want to show a feelsy jury pictures of sad kids in a "meth trailer"
yeah AtlasB 
8:58 AM <AtlasB> theyd strike me fo rbeing a lawyer
Sadly
They don't want you to know if it's even possible that they were doing anything
you know too much
I've never been on one
hello :3
we should have professional juries
Cause they won't let me
of excess law students
that rotate through counties
 <witzie> They just want to show a feelsy jury pictures of sad kids in a "meth trailer"
but the law school system is racially bias!!!
Lol bs.
is it?
and will only further the systemic criminalization of African Americans and Latinos 
dont they quota non-asian minorities?
Apparently you can quickly get thrown off a jury just for asking about this https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification
hell if i know exactly
They don't want you knowing you can do that
yeah AtlasB I wouldn't trust a jury 
if it were a jury of "my peers" that would be fine 
right
"my peers" being 140 IQ upper class white people
not the schmucks they put in juries
they used to restrict who could be on juries
Lol 140 iq 
Man , I have a really tough decision to make regarding the year and working
i have no idea what the right thing to do is or if there is a right one or how it could ultimately effect my family
that sounds like a great idea atlasb.
I would 12 angry men it
but what would you suggest
against corruption
bribery I mean
Because I feel I am always right
Just hit all the jury members knock out drok
yeah drok 
I don't understand how jury deliberation happsn tbh
because I'm not there to be convinced by other jury members
I would decide based on the trial, facts, presentation, etc
and then no amount of schmucks whining around me would change my mind
Also I have 3 episodes until I'm done with MaM
Right
I'm not ENTJ socially like you atlas protopill etc
ya witzie; jury delib sounds like peer pressure
so I probably couldn't forcefully argue my case to everyone
getting popular response
I just wouldn't agree to a verdict they decide on if it wasn't already my decision
it gets that way if the jury is split
peer pressure has no effect on me for something like that
MaM?
but i think most of the times its pretty cut and dried
AtlasB what happens if the jury is hopelessly deadlocked
does the guy walk?
yep
thats why they pressure
that doesn't follow logically though 
if I think he's not guilty why would that sway me
pressure all you like 
what show is MaM, drok
what does your H feel about it?
i'd ask him
well, I guess if I thought he was guilty I might try to pressure someone saying not guilty, but I probably wouldn't care that much
making a murderer fiat
I watched it all on saturday drok
Ty witzie
yeah i have, he's basically fine with w/e, but he tends to think the best of every situation and is often unhappy with the real outcome
http://www.hiphopdx.com/news/id.37104/title.teen-driver-gives-police-officer-a-mixtape-as-his-id
LOL
hmm
yeah idk
so he doesn't have a set opinion on it either way? that's tough
if you opt not to work will your household face financial hardship?
I've been invited back to the farm i interned on last year, to be the year's farm manager.  The boss is introducing a school district on-site learning program
with big decisions or questions, i usually go to R and say "babe, i gave this a lot of thought on my own for a while, but i'm still at a loss. what do you recommend or advise? i'd really appreciate your guidance"
i have to decide to work my farm or hers
and then i just go with that
and be away from my family for 8 months to another state
my hubs is proud that i was asked
and thinks he can do the work at our place w/o me
but 
9:11 AM <drok> Also I have 3 episodes until I'm done with MaM
Is your mind blown yet
the theme song of MaM is beautiful
Or at least your faith in humanity shaken
reminds me of the witcher music
filozof I love it too
for some reason it reminds me of this style: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOn1xdGkyHY
:O 8 Months is a long while
i'd be hard pressed for that but i suppose it depends on what youre getting from the offer and how hubs feels about it
i dont think i could voluntarily do 8mos away from family though :/
eight months feels like forever, but i think it'd go by faster than you think. just think -- 8 months ago was may!
the witcher music was amazing in general
i think AtlasB would appreciate this video of classic ethnic music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfJ-LTnDZ6w
.context
yes i ove that
neat
its what like dead can dance tries to do
i love bulgarian choral harmonies
i know a bulgarian song
i love thi smacedonian song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-cPyW0o8sQ
u jelly
What
How Jack4ss
im friends with quentin, he gave me a copy
Whatever
cry moar
how come ears get dirty
fuck
ethnic music
does the dirt come from the soundwaves?
and I just had such a good day
lol
I like the macedonian song though
heres a 14th century saltarello performed on trad instruments, i think it sneat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcmpBCXOgVI
that's pretty neat
yeh
i saw them liv eonce
they were amazing
I bet
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41hwqc/ex_and_i_are_very_close_but_too_close_how_can_i/  why is this even on RPW sub?
its a 21 year old girl who is sleeping with some guy she met online and dated for a week and continues to sleep with. it's a tindr issue
RedManBearPig when will you be back in the netherlands?
ikr.
People claim they've read the sidebar
and that they've been "lurking
I'm coming back in february
and then ask "i'm banging this guy that i don't want to date, what do?"
what I don't understand AtlasB 
r/european talks constantly about how terrible and liberal and cucked r/europe is 
but from what I see
everyone in r/europe hates muslims
so idk what r/european is talking about
LOL
stuff like this obviously can't have bene censored too bad
https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41mc9j/finns_want_fewer_refugees/
like, what did she think we were going to tell her
i know a lot of people are saying "next" but i think there are much bigger issues at hand if were talking about RPW
answers like "Who doesn't?" are highly upvoted and not deleted
comments saying dats rayciss are downvoted into oblivion
they don't hate muslims
nexting him wont fix the issue because shell just find herself in bed with the next guy after the first date
they are discussing the views of their elites
next and stop fucking dudes you don't want to date.
r/european is just commies
I don't really like them
people on r/europe dont hate muslims
they just want fewer refugees
I just go to r/european for the instant breibart links
she's cockteasing this dude for attention
he's the one who needs the advice
namely "grow a ballsack and stop being this skank's emotional tampon"
r/european isn't classical western european enlightened philosophy 
its just communist anti-christianity anti-democracy anti-individualism 
it's too eastern euro for me to really like
witzie i remember earlier last year when you linked them
and i looked through r/europe
the mods did seem to remove a lot of threads
about immigration
i think the r/european guys just don't like the mods there
they did remove a lot of threads
haha
by the way, there's a leftists subreddit for people who thought r/europe is too racist
https://www.reddit.com/r/europes
also, the people on r/europe are very leftist
I think r/europe censors a lot but it's impossible to actually censor what everyone is saying
compared to r/european
witzie try posting in r/europes
Later everyone! I'll prob be back on when I get to Vegas.
have fun blowing
Thanks RedManBearPig!
by blowing!
Bye witzie 
https://www.reddit.com/r/EuropeanWatch
most of the stuff r/europe deletes are low effort deletion worthy
"Expected to see Nigger with blonde girl. But I'm not really disappointed :)"  
meh
lol
not really the level of discourse they're shooting for
yep, but her post isnt requesting rpw advice really. i dont really know what shes expecting to get from it, especially posting it at rpw
but ive been gone for awhile so that type of post may be the norm now i have no idea lol
lol
"fuck jews, fuck muslims, fuck kike lovers, fuck left wingers, fuck jidf shills, fuck /r/europe, fuck merkel, fuck blue pills [...] it's time to throw the kikes and muslims filth pieces of shit out of europe." by /u/therealknightofren 
lol
it's not
See
Super intellectuals on reddit
brilliant discourse m8
not even trying
I like free speech but I'm not going to get up in arms about that being deleted
shes a trollx poster lol
what got deleted?
and I suspect that 90% of the deleted posts are sourceless semi fake outrage porn articles
like clutter up r/european
That OP'S history is worrying.  She posted a month ago that she's got to break up with the guy.  She's also posted that she was in an abusive relationship and finally sought therapy after 5 years and was able to move on from the past.  The chick is 21! 
So had an "abusive relationship" at like 14-15?  
i dont even know anymore. kids are sleeping with eachother in middleschool and i dont know what reality is
she's retarded
she should resign herself to life in a trailer with 6 kids by 5 men
right now
the complaints are mostly about posts, not low level comments
i.e. posts with topics on muslims/immigration being removed
that's where the criticisms come from
that being said i'm sure they spam that shit on r/europe 
wasn't there a post on r/europe "I just hate jew"?
no that was on european, filozof 
right, r/european
griddy and witzie were laughing over that
those people are really hateful
like what leftists think all conservatives are
yeah fiat
that was hilarious
the dude who said that wanted nazi germany and fascist spain to revive, lol
lol if she came to rpw looking for rpw advice admitting that shes at fault for her situation i could understand people reaching out but like you said. read the sidebar and it will answer/fix 80% of what you came here for
Lol.  
"hillary clinton's grandmother married a jewish man in her old age.  That tells you all you need to know about hillary." 
"....uh..what?"
"I just hate jew."
theres SO much good information put in by mods/users that isnt being taken advantage of by newcomers :/
two diff people, witzie
it's even funnier since it's not even grammatically correct
it should be "jews" instead of "jew"
both hilarious, but the comments were made by separate ppl
yeah filozof that's part of the charm
but anyway
12:06 PM <filozof> wasn't there a post on r/europe "I just hate jew"?
wait no
12:06 PM <+fiat> that being said i'm sure they spam that shit on r/europe 
this
but maybe he doesn't hate just jews (people), he hates "jew" the adjective
I'm pretty sure this is what happens
anything that is "jew" he hates
and their spam shit gets deleted
and they run back to r/european to bitch
because if they had their way r/europe front page would look like r./european
outrage porn is annoying 
i see polish equivalent of reddit being spammed with articles like "a black man hit a white woman!"
right witzie and as for complaints about bannings, i always have to wonder how much they fought in pms
with the mods
they don't exactly hide their disdain
yeah
She says in a previous post that she has to break up with him because she's not that into him and it's not nice to string him along
so she absolves herself of any sexual responsibility to the relationship
and continues to string him along
on an unrelated note: anyone have eczema? I got a toonie-sized spot on each palm when I got pregnant, and it's starting to really piss me off.
shes also said three guys have broken "relationships" off with her because things were moving too fast. shes a perpetual booty call imo. i dont know. not redpill business
Like , it's burning and itchy all the time, but also cracking and bleeding. So I at once want to scratch it and don't want to scratch it
I'd say that at least 90% of posts seeking advice can all be answered simply by reviewing the sidebar and looking at the top posts - BUT if users were able to resolve issues on their own...RPW wouldn't exist
have you checked out skincareaddiction?
no, maybe i will
yep Phantom thats what i was saying earlier. I think they need to at least GLANCE at the sidebar before submitting a post
y ou need to put a secret password in one of the sidebar posts and users need to type it in before being able to submit a post lol
well theoretically they do - but it's rarely the case
Hahaha
A hunt and find
lol
I like the idea
idek why people need to read the sidebar, tbh
It'd be nice if there was an easy way to have a simple test that you have to pass prior to being ABLE to post threads
just like
leave your self-delusions at the door
engage common sense
and bam
lifterofthings - they don't have the common sense OR awareness
which is why they have problems 
so it's a process
"how do i unfuck this pooch that i have been fucking the shit out of for the last year or so?"
you can't
it's odd to me as well that this stuff isn't second nature
that is all
lol lot
but you know the saying, common sense is not all too common, etc
there's also a reason you don't need (or seek) advice, because you can already figure it out
it's like that thread i answered in asktrp
not everyone starts from a place of mostly or completely understanding what's going on
just like i said earlier, a lot of people looking for "Advice" are really just looking for validation
at least imo
"how do i have a marriage and children without being emotionally or financially vulnerable at all?"
and i answered "you can't"
and got downvoted. lol
haha
stop repressing people with your logic
let them live freely
my b
rude
It's fascinating how the questions always seem to do that.
"How do I do this impossible thing???"
ikr
"i've been leading this dude on for a few months-- how do i stop without hurting his feelings?"
you can't
I understand wanting to minimize risk and put yourself in the best position for success - a lot of that has to do with being competent and assertive in a relationship...but there will always be some aspect of risk. Which is why being a good leader (for men) is so important as well as vetting for a good woman
they literally believe that it is all chance
like, they've gone from having absolute power by being nice
to assuming that because being nice didn't work, that they have zero influence over the course of their relationships
There's only so much a man can do...at some point the raw materials that make up the person you tie yourself  to is going to come into play
they've traded in one retarded-ass string of logic for another one that's just as retarded
a lot of the really young guys just don't have enough experience in general 
that comes with time
Meh
absolutely
PPDBot you need to learn your markov chains
doesnt absolve these women from taking advantage of that, but its a pretty important factor in a lot of these relationships
i think the men in trp need to shame the anger phase harder, honestly
it's not doing them any favors
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2010/02/07/fashion/07campus.html?_r=0&referer=https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41pj5v/askmen_poster_makes_a_fantastic_post_about_why/
Wow
https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/41n1lg/to_the_men_of_reuropean/cz3vnay
great comment
the issue isnt really with fixing current standing problems, but more so with identifying poor behavioral patterns and addressing them for the future
Sounds like it's a great time to be in college as a dude
any women they might actually want to have a relationship with are going to get one whiff of the sour grapes and run the other way
I had no idea it was 65% women
Sounds fun
"Historically, in Europe, both men and women worked together. We worked the fields together. We raised the kids together, We ran the family businesses together.
Post-industrial sexual roles are artificial."
The ones in the anger phase aren't really focused on establishing relationships - they want to get out and experience sexual success
(if they're young and still in school) 
obviously not something thats going to happen overnight but if you only come to rpw when something is wrong in your relationship i dont thinkyoure really going to get anything out of it - fixing problems vs cultivating a rpw mindset are two drastically different things
"Out of that 40 percent, there are maybe 20 percent that we would consider, and out of those 20, 10 have girlfriends, so all the girls are fighting over that other 10 percent, she said."
I think it's good they have a place to be angry
i honestly don't even think women are going to want to fuck anger phasers
Hahahahahahahahah that's the best comment I've ever read.
how are markov chains going?
and there's another thing to consider - they can express online what they can't in real life
it's a self-fulfilling prophecy
How they talk online isn't reflective of how they walk around every day
idk about that
right protopill; and what makes it worse is that even minor imbalances tend to compound and amplify
e.g. as people pair down; the "LTR" type people stay paired up
and the ratio of the remaining people is even worse
maybe not for all, but definitely some. They can yell and cuss and vent as much as they like online, that's part of what the sub offers for them.
This is why protopill's iron rule no 4 of course is lock em down girls.
Lock em down.
in the real world they have to be in control and get their sh-t together
at some point to have success
I could tell my ex was an anger phaser just by how he behaved.
Maybe there are some who hide it better than others
Kinda reminds me of musical chairs
Musical cocks?
Hmm
but there are definitely men out there stomping around like bitter children
Now I get why it's a carousel
The anger phasers are the ones that tend to take TRP as total gospel and often overuse the tools given to them to the point to where they genuinely alienate women from overdoing it.
and they might get to smash the occasional woman with daddy and self-esteem issues
The musical cock carousel
but that's just going to reinforce their beliefs that the worst of femaledom is "average"
The overt angry men are most likely less desirable - and they'll pull less desirable women as well. 
It can easily become a vicious cycle if they can't pass the anger stage.
I just think most users leave that stage over time and balance out - they stop going to the sub, or they were never commenting to begin with
so how does taht work
I suppose it depends on the age you get into TRP and whatnot.
i think this has an adverse effect on benevolent patriarchal attitudes
every time tghe music stops you change cocks?
No
but it's a huge sub, with a lot of users
I hope you're right, Phantom
Why you're there, your current hierarchical standing, etc.
iirc on campuses were men were benefiting from the ratios
Yea fiat this shit aint here on my university
as in large number of woomen, few men, the men tended to be much cockier
Too many dudes
Omegas are noticeably more angry than regular betas, for example.
and less likely to settle
It's because we live in a healthy country BTL
What you go through for a top 20 engineering university
Where men still rule #malepower
Which country is that
NL
Dude we still have utrecht 
The Netherlands
Wot
I think some of the anger comes from the fact that it doesn't happen overnight.
eh
And nijmegen
U sure
the community suffers the same problem as any community
mmmm UItrecht and nijmegen
1.3:1 women to men
the least well-adjusted members are the loudest
57% vs 43%
Dudes have it grand there ahha
i think that might be one of the arguments in favour of gender segregating colleges, if i was going to speak from a conservative PoV
people would be much more beta and will to settle into stable marriages
Very true.
I thought nl was cucked
Or is that scandinavia
Not as much as the usa lol
Most of the vets who understand don't need to post on the sub anymore, either, so the community that used to be well rounded is now mostly those very new to it, except for a few who want to lead the mass of newbies.
i think that stereotype is for scandinavia, FirionDarklight 
Scandinavia
You are thinking swrden bro
Sweden yes!
I almost think it would be about 60% to 40% in Nijmegen BTL
more specifically sweden, because from what i hear from norwegian friends sweden is significantly more lib than norway
but you know, I'm biased with my eyes
So basically the same 
it goes from Finland, Norway, to Sweden, 
Shitlibcuck
I'm just not sold on the idea that how they behave online is a mirror image of what's going on in their actual life when they are venting and cussing and cursing women. I think it's an outlet  to some extent - like going to the gym to work out some anger, or tukrning up your music loud when you're upset over some guy
Still 60 to 40 is crazy
30% of the women fight over the remaining 10%
right BeyondTheLight , and it's even crazier once you take factors into consideration let's say about 20 of the men and women hook up
you're now dealing with 40:20 ratio
Yeah thats nuts
and obv not all of them will hook up. because the worse the ratio the less likely the benificiary gender is to settle
so you have like maybe another 10-20 dudes who will keep playing around
Those guys wont settle 
Yup you got it
and you're left with an even worse ratio
Oh, I agree for most it's like that.
Which is why I said 30/10
Which is even worse than your scenario
Probably just a spot to go "Man, this sucks" like when moms congregate to talk about child wrangling.
My best friend is in a class where its 20:1
Women to men
He literally has to just pick a girl
No
Dont be crazy
Many probably aren't as genuinely upset as they come off online, but there's likely a sizable chunk that is genuinely that mad about everything.
Pick them all
Lol
It's likely the incel population that's the most like this.
Point still stands
i think the incels are probably more upset
I better be swimming in pussy during my masters
than the general population, for sure.
or else I'm gonna be pissed
Haha
I realize this a lot when all of the incels start talking together on the IRC.
If you are in nijmegen or utrechr 
You will be fine
The only thing I am swiming in is dudes atm
EE is harsh
That sounds gay
J just tried to kill me
Have you turned gay yet?
wat susan?
What
death by bug spray!
Lol
Not yet RedManBearPig 
I had a bit of an allergic reaction to the bug spray he sprayed
ouch
i've definitely met some rl-anger phasers
That would mean I have to approach them 
I will survive
BTL if you turn gay
the men will approach you
They wouldnt even notice a girl hitting on them if she stood in front of them
but for each one i've met, there are probably several more that are closet anger-phasers
they will chase you down!
Let stand a dude if I went down that path
I agree with that.
Sorry susandeath I wont cheat on buartha 
Hahahaha
Yes the Betas of EE are magical
long live the stemlords
I had one as a friend in my misguided single days :p
he'd chase women out of his league
<3 btl
and then bitch to me about how women were all disloyal cum dumpsters
and eventually he was like "maybe i should try something with an ugly girl like you, do you want to go out?"
and i was like "nah, i'm good"
so he blocked me and we haven't spoken since. lol
wow
yep. smooth, right?
dat neg
lolol
lol
I had male friends like that back in teen years.
It's unfortunate.
When we first met, before he bared his soul to me, I'd totally have dated him. lol
He just had to be less of a bitter little bitch, and he'd have had women.
It's the wining without really fixing things that only ever bothered me.
*whining
Although you can wine, too. lol
Wine-ing never fixes things :p
Quite true. :p
We still have an incel or two on PPD that are like that, though.
Just "Why don't the wimmenz like me??? >:("
I honestly have trouble relating to them
As a member of a social circle who are all nerds, and not a one of them is conventionally attractive.
And we -all- have partners.
None of the men are dating models
they just want what they can't have
I've given up on engaging them on that topic after a fight we had over it.
But they're dating women who have a lot of common interests and seem to genuinely care about their happiness.
None of whom are gorgeous
Or who have turned heads through their youths or anything.
idk.
And a couple of them wouldn't be incels, but they're refusing to date the people who ARE attracted to them, so they effectively dig themselves into a hole.
Yep
It's like the fat women who demand male models date them.
I really do think that men kinda split into two groups: the ones who are looking for partnership, and the ones who are looking for status.
I'd agree with that.
Like, if you're a chunky shut-in computer nerd, the women who will make good companions for you are not going to be 10/10s.
If they wanted partnership badly enough, they'd take what they can get (provided they've done everything possible to boost themselves already).
And if you're setting your dateable threshold at 9/10
You're fucked
A lot of people aren't realistic these days.
Yep.
I've def seen it on the women's side too
I believe most people generally date within their SMV +/- 1-2 points.
Fat single moms looking for six figure incomes and jacked physiques
Good fuckin luck
lolol
I've always said just be realistic. But people get so mad at that.
Like everyone should just be attracted to everyone.
"she wanted me to treat her like a princess... so i married her off to a stranger to strengthen our alliance with Poland"
I worked with a guy who's likely now stuck in the anger phase.  He was married, got divorced when she cheated (before I met him).  Then he met a girl at a bar, who had a kid.  He decided, surprisingly to all who knew him, that he was going to enter the army (he's in his 30's).  So he married the bar chick, went off to army training.  She cheated the whole
time he was gone and confessed.  Last I heard from him, he just decided that all women are awful and f the lot of them.
aww 
If you're getting only people you're not attracted to attracted to you, you should reevaluate yourself.
my coworker is going to take a picture of her baby in her husbands fireman helmut
Maybe that's for the best for him.
His picker is obviously broken.
that sounds cute
If you're still trying to rescue broken women in your 30s and beyond, you're in biiiiig trouble.
sounds super cute
-.-
If you're trying to rescue broken people period, you're in big trouble.
For real.  Like, all the girls you're with cheat on you?  Something's wrong there.
My old roommate was like that.
We had some stern chats. lol
He was a white knight.
it would be even cuter if young kittens were involved
yes
He'd come home and tell me his dates' sob stories and I'd be like "sounds like a bunny boiler"
the aww factor would go up to 11
Baby? :3
I just saw something that is disturbing 
And since he's a good and rational dude he'd ask me to explain instead of telling me to fuck myself. lol
A bunny boiler.  IDK what that is, but it sounds funny.
looking around to verify it
He now has a super fucking gorgeous wife who is funny and adores him and is awesome.
It's from the movie Fatal Attraction
This dude has an affair with some woman he meets at work, she becomes obsessed, he breaks it off
And she boils his kids' rabbit
Whoa.  
What disturbed you Mashakos 
Wow. D:
Dating mahself, here. lol
I think it was an 80s movie
Maybe early 90s
he saw a feminine body form and realized he's gay
Probably vanilla sex
I'm pretty sure I've seen it, just not enough times to remember specifics.
one sec
BeyondTheLIght++
lol
I've seen lots of shows that have a similar crazy to it.
lol
wel vanilla sex is deeply disturbing
but I was referring to this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jD6CN6uGZs
This guy, he worked with 4 women including myself.  We all tried to warn him on the bar chick.  He was worried that she seemed to drink and party a lot.  A single mother who parties every weekend while grandma watches the kid?  No good!
it's a re-upload by a republican youtube page so it's tough to find the source
will probably ask my german buddies about this
What is it
Cant open
I don't like germans
but I sure as hell don't like her
german immigrants saying germans are disgusting
liol that movie
i love that movie so much. glenn close is my <3
If they were gone, nobody would miss them?
that just sounds crazy
there must be a context somehow
That's wild.
Then again, I guess a lot of cultures feel that way about other cultures.
the girl is bad mouthing germans in their own language
I just looked at the trailer.  I haven't seen it!
the girl is a second generation immigrant
I imagine you might get the same sentiments from any set of immigrants who hate the country they've been moved to.
she did not speak like she was brought up within an insular community
second generation immigrants, from various places, do not properly integrate into their current culture
the accent sounded naturalised
she was a native german speaker. I could tell
She integrated probably the minimum amount she needed to.
Nothing wrong with het accent
just bizarre
The*
Her*
That was just a german accent with a little street added to it
Fuck
Yeah
BAH
I'm sure a lot of immigrants feel that way
But not "broken" german so to speak
It totally depends on the culture witzie
You don't always immigrate because you want to live in a specific place, so I can understand those sentiments coming up sometimes.
The second generation never really has a choice in where they grow up
bitch probably ate pork wurst on the weekend
there are a lot of countries where I'd probably feel that way if I immigrated
Right
china, sudan, canada...
the list is endless
Yup
hahaha
Canada is bad
canada
you better not step into sudan
Idk man Mashakos 
girl
Canada is more worse
with your skinny white ass
wanna see RP in action? watch that movie
.addterm sudan almost as bad as canada
sudan? 
lol
i'd have thought canada was right up your alley, witzie 
it's mostly empty
what would happen to me in sudan Mashakos 
no one to disturb you in your cabin
you'd be kidnapped of course
one of the most empty countries on earth.
is it bad that I picture your capital city as a cartoon? 
Chinese have trouble integrating
you have to memorize geography somehow...
better a cartoon than the reality -_-
arabs, turks, africans
khartoum, cartoon, whats the difference
except that one of those I can spell
germany is full of turks
the other, not
Close Mashakos 
really though Mashakos 
is it actually that bad
or would I realistically be fine
if I went on vacation or business trip to sudan or something
eh, you'd be fine
you will just have to deal with misogyny 
get your vaccinations
wear lots of bug spray
have bribe money on you
what if I wear a big sign 
know the number of the US embassy
saying "sudanese are dirty ay-rabs"
and how to get there if in an emergency
that....may be a bad idea lol
there is no us embassy in sudan
muahahaha
welp
i wouldn't go there then
wear that sign and find out witzie 
Such a pussy Sunhappy 
speaking for my own people
I will Mashakos 
i don't trust those crazies
thanks for the advice
boko haram blows up a UN building
and the igbos are like, "eh, well, they better not come to OUR SIDE"
like yall crazy
dirty feminist libs, defiant to the last
:D  Is it guy-friendly, or should I watch by myself
oh right, you would need the sign in arabic and mahas
>arabic 
see?
dirty ayrab
arabic is a language, duh
what do you mean? i think it's guy friendly
but idk if we are meaning the same thing
Just take Mashakos as a pet
He likes the whole bsdm thing
I mean is it a chick flick?
I will shoot you down where you stand you short runt
And he will sign shit in arabic
lol noooo
Too small a target to hit :)
call me a pet and think you can live??
great film
You ever seen that movie Unfaithful?  That's a darn disturbing movie.
v redpill
easy head shot
I just shoot from the hip
What?
That's like the opposite of easy
what's not easy?
sure it is
O please you like the whole mr.slave southpark dynamic
you shorties reach to my waist
Oh, it's the same director as fatal attraction.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMfkY9fAOCc
Dont deny it :)
you lil.!
I will ENTER you! No homo!
Am I sensing personal attacks? <_<
Sounds pretty gay
nah it's cool aZombieKitten 
Lol no way aZombieKitten 
We are joking
Mashakos = #alwayshomo
what it sounds like BeyondTheLight 
is PAIN
#foreverhomo ?
Making fun his bsdm stuff 
I'll make it burn in your anus
Hahaha
idgaf
I will go full anal rape on your ass to protect my masculinity!!
Lol
If you were in prison would you rape someone right away
Idk man 
To show you're not a bitch
Still sounds pretty gay
You are trying too hard
I am hard already bitch
I know I am hot but jeez turn it down a notch
#PPDAfterDark for gay sex talk
shit gets scary when you call a 3rd world guy a pet/slave
in africa, short guys are the first to get raped in bootcamp
Hahahahah
ive noticed my favorite movies
pre90s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1M4ADcMn3dA Rammstein in fat suits. lulz
are all very RP movies
I'd never seen this video before
shit still sounds very gay
iz not homosexual iz for de humiliation
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41qb4g/help_been_dating_3_months_and_i_dont_know_what_i/
looks like a troll
"How do I speed things along? I got dating down to a science." yeah
if you look at her post history her last comment : I don't have much dating experience... I am attractive though, I just work a lot. That's how we met... online dating.
you really can't speed along a relationship, i think
k.
"I'm a surrendered wife. How do I speed this relationship along?"
wait but she's not married?
christ
lolol
also another comment by her: Also, are you too exclusive? Because he and I are not.
WHAT IS THIS
ill go beat her up
yasss
<3
Omg.
oiooo context!!!
what a retarded comment
uhg i have to run errands in a bit but i dont want to leave irc lol
And hello everybody!
i dont even know what to say 
lol
'lo
heya lo
aZombieKitten:  are you still playin gminecraft
I've been taking a break from it.
christ ain't here. Would you like to leave a message?
Yellow_goddess sounds like she's got a lost cause. lol
shes a plate as far as i can tell
and delusional
"He said he is interested in seeing more of me. :/"
lol'd
wait
I am here
i dont know if its troll or just misled person
AtlasB what movie should I watch?
I can't tell, honestly.
she also slept with him prior to commitment so
 /shrug
Watch "I saw the devil"
does it have slimey mucous in it?
Sorta
It's a korean film
maybe she just has baby rabies
I think I will add that to my list for another day
wants to lock a man down asap
I just watched a slimey movie
three months though?
I dont think I can handle two in a row
sounds like she's just anxious. i can relate '_'
oh its bizarre as all heck but i mean
It's a violent korean film
you can guess what kind of goopey substance I'm talking about
three months? NINETY days>
cmon now
i wonder how old she is lol
aZombieKitten does wool on shorn sheep grow back
i dont even know if i like a new series after three months
i feel like ladies post 35 will date a man
its on my list for another day
and then be like "it's been 2 weeks. WHERES THE RING, NIGGA??"
Her other thread says she's 33
there you go
di dyou watch the hunger yet?
Wool grows back so long as they have grass to eat.
mhm
And the grass will regrow so long as it gets sunlight.
I am getting the book first
in honor of bowie
after pay day
oh right cool
hm
I want to read it first
yeh
the books beter
fills in some of the movie too
Sounds like she could just be super keen on getting married *right now.*
what genre are you in themood for
at 33 and says she doesnt have much dating experience im sure shes feeling vulnerable 
but after 3 months what is she tryin to speed along?
doesnt want to end up as crazy cat lady so just wants anyoen to put a ring on it rn
welp
Probably that.
i know plenty of ladies like that
but they all are poised to divorce in 5 years
Doesn't care who so long as she gets someone to commit.
J just picked Dogma
in honour of Alan Rickman
so I guess we will watch that
mhm
he just made me watch Society
as subtle as a brick in the face
oh well yeah i mean wanting someone to marry you after 3months? thats hardly even a gamble
and soo much goo
my friend said yes after 3 weeks
they broke up
I still want to see The Master with Philip Seymour Hoffman and Joaquin Phoenix.
I hear good things. 
Plus I like both of them.
redflag and a half
I know people who are just so excited about the idea of marriage they don't think about vetting their partner.
my friend who pushed her bf to marry her at 31 cuz she wanted kids.....they're already financially fucking themselves in the ass
via 3month income ring and 485k house
"just because im impatient" isnt a good reason
all before the wedding in decembe this year
You know about bespokepost.com griddy?
no
ahhh
it's like Quarterly
aww dogma
<3
but for men expressly
Ugh, 3 month income ring?
she mandated it!!
What is with that bullshit about the ring needing to be expensive?
he was gonna propose sooner and she said he needed to prove his financial commitment
I thought "oh this is where griddy's men would shop"
i remember seeing his face. i was so sad
haaha
She just wants his money, then.
likely drok 
likely
She doesn't care about him.
this is after he spent his life savings on getting their house
alright, I am packing it in
nah he found the funds for the ring eventually that month they closed
my ex thinks she would have married anyone she was dating at that age because she was at that age
ew wy do disgusting women do that ring thing
i'm debating if i care enough to go to their wedding
I still think that says something about what she cares more about.
idk WingN i never even heard of that rule before
yuop
drok: my friend goes here https://www.jackthreads.com/
it snot a "rule"
but then i asked my boss and she pushed the same thing on her husband
To be fair, I was into it
its guideline
saying it's a rule
hmm
drok dont be ashamed
lol rule
most men are
rule where
rule from who
god?
idk!
from debeers
That's a "rule" that people made up for status' sake, I'd imagine.
but she loves her ring
if A spent 3mos salary on a ring i think id flip my shit
it's pretty and huge
i just think thats absurd
and flashy. she cleans it every year
Rule from the ring/diamond industry
3 is the min yall
laters all
"Look, my H paid 3 MONTHS of his salary on my ring! Check out how big it is!!"
she said 3-4 months or 3-6 months some say
Which is gross.
it's either salary or paycheck
Who gives a shit about the ring?
They made it, they advertised it, people accepted it as the norm without suspicion 
dos dedos!
SerNemesis: https://plus.google.com/104213471250010740216/posts/ieSNadki4jL
it's some kind of financial show that they can afford to take care of you or something
It's the man you're marrying, not the ring, that matters.
watch out !
potentially revolutionary artillery development
Sad :( and the wedding "it's the brides day" baloney
I have the mind to express to my SO that I don't want an expensive ring.
I just don't get why so many people think a marriage should center around the bride 
business
men know women spend money
most of the error in a modern artillery system is not in lateral aiming but in the imprecision of the shell's acceleration 
does anyone watch Bob's Burgers
That is awesome
im late to this show
but it's hilarious
If I wanted a fortune spent on me, I'd rather it be on the honeymoon so we can have cool adventures or whatever.
they push for them to spend the most money they can (not even theirs usually) on a single day
it's genius, really
if you can measure the speed, and tell the shell to slow down to the exact requirement, you can increase accuracy greatly 
So we have an experience we can share rather than a ring that's just *mine.*
think about it. the food, the flowers (which die in a week), the dress
the jewelry, makeup, etc
decorations
ti's an industry
I suspect any conflict between the west and Russia would involve widespread GPS jamming by russia
It's gross. >:c
R and his friend B were chatting
Given that the west is so much more reliant on it
tehy judged the shit out of women who do that
it was interesting to watch
If I'm even having a wedding, it'll be low-key, and it would probably purely be because my family would want to have a wedding to watch.
I wonder whether western weaponry can make use of glonass
.context
my darling R being all lovely and cute, and then they brought up weddings and rings and things, and they went full 180
"nah fuck that"s and stuff
I never understood the need to buy an expensive dress you'll only ever wear once.
well, i ain't gonna lie. i want a nice dress
but not like
5000 dollars
I think arsenals of satellite guided munitions are too small to be decisive 
my friend got engaged to that guy after 3 weeks of dating and they spent money on engagement photos, dress shopping, etc lol
like 3 months deep into knowing each other
it was the most extro mess i've ever seen
the bulk of the conventional destruction will have to be done with 'dumb' munitions
I want something I like, obviously, but if it's got a massive price tag on it, unless my family absolutely demands I have it and they buy it, I'm not getting anything over $500 max.
did they get divorced?
no, he up and left her high and drive without tellign her what happened
wow
like july 31, they talked. by august 1, radio silence
I like H. Jon Benjamin
But the show was meh
I mean it's good
that was in 2012
Haha later Mashakos 
never married
was she left with the bills?
nah
it was money already spent.
ohhhh. huh
to that end making the launch system more capable, whether plane or artillery piece, is a preferable approach 
sunk cost
all this show for a wedding and she didn't even vet the guy
"oh, sunhappy i can't marry him until he converts!" 
so why did she say yes? just blargh
she's doig the same thing with the new guy. R doesn't like her
Your friend sounds like a mess.
i used to envy her actually
cuz she so easily gets men to want her
and date her. she's been proposed to like 2-3 times by 27
if she wanted to marry by now, she easily could. yet she doesn't.
why do you think that is?
i think she's super extro and flirty
and dates guys who are not masculine
oh... like betas?
no, like
hm
they aren't betas that i could respect
but they aren't omegas
like they think she's the best they can get possibly? 
so they super accommodate to her. all the time
drok: it delights me
Gene & Louise are my spirit animals
sometimes you need silly shit to watch and that show does it for me
Ah, I know the kind of guy you're talking about.
yeah. it's interesting
like even in college, dudes flocked to her!
and would open up about their feelings and things to her and she'd entertain them all
concurrently
like going on a vday with her HS friend who later spent $75 on jewelry and $200 on dinner for us and $150 on just the two of them
was totally into her
she was not into him
but she went with it
i was jealous at 20 cuz i couldn't find bfs :(
It sounds like she attracts guys who will attach to any girl who shows them any attention.
and then jealous at 26 cuz she was engaged (again)
like her bf wants to marry her right now and she's like "he's not ready!"
man moved from cali to florida to be with her
hey griddy :3
yeah. i just don't know how some girls do that!!
She's one of those girls who seems to be made of gold.
Is she physically attractive? 
um
so
*I* think she's pretty sans all the makeup
but by most RP standards
she's a 3ish
she's 5'2, overweight, terrible WHR, big nose, thin hair, too much makeup
but men still want her
I'm confused. Why? Is it simply that she gives them attention? 
Or she only dealt with desperate men? or men with low self esteem?
All men?
Or just this specific type of man?
hey girl hey !
sounds like she's got realistic standards
rather than aiming for 6s and 7s
(if they're proposing, they must be within sensible range)
idk she makes it on the phone like she can easily get dates
in college it was really easy. she'd just go on lunch dates and study dates with all these guys
what are the guys like though?
they'd all want to hook up with her. she declined at the time, cuz she was alpha widowed
um, they're all different. some fat, some not. regular guys
dudes in central florida lol
if that helps
is she wealthy?
no
not for me but maybe for someone else
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41qbfb/even_the_higher_smv_30_year_old_guys_cant_get/cz49vlf
CWM always uses his dad as an example
but his dad is rich, no?
is she feminine in demeanor? being extro and flirty and not a bitch is a fairly uncommon thing in college
she's very nice and charming to guys. loves to flirt and is good at it
and owns Ferraris 
I still can't get over this 3 months post
rofl "not a bitch" 
um, idk. she's not like camille levels of feminine lol
but in terms of mindset, i don't think so. 
she cooks and cleans, etc. she has sex a LOT with her bfs
but she's not like submissive or deferential at all
weird. well, i assume she's dating 3s or 4s
the marketplace dictates.
He sure loves his daddy
I would expect she could pull maybe a 5 max by your physical description.
Because she doesn't even sound overall awesome.
he does
i would too
how does she dress? She's clearly doing something right.
if meh dad bought me all the thingsssss
um
lots of empire waist shirts
and jeans
if she's giving out sex but still getting proposals
when not at work
ugh is she someone's mom
actually i love my dad regardless
she's heavy
and has big boobs
empire waists on overweight people, nooo.
so that covers her stomach more
Aww :)
I love your dad too
my stomach is a ~problem area~ but empire waists just make you look pregnant.
do they really?
me too
what else should you wear?
I love griddys dad
i thought it hides it
I tend to wear dresses with defined waists and a-line skirts, which works
He rocks that dad bod
but i have a decent WHR despite my belly so ymmv
hahaha
Every waist practically becomes an empire on me.
12:03:26 <Frensel> to that end making the launch system more capable, whether plane or artillery piece, is a preferable approach 
Definitely agreed
Just because everything seems to sit on my ribs instead of where my actual waist is.
 /r/bigboobproblems aZombieKitten ?
Basically. ;c
girl i ain't even mad
Sunhappy, https://www.google.com.au/search?q=dressing+for+apple+shapes&espv=2&biw=1064&bih=1095&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi30Lql2rbKAhWkFaYKHTULD8QQsAQIIg
I need those billowy tops for anything to not have that weird rise.
anything that defines your waist distracts from a stomach
wrap dresses, v necks, etc
i see
yeah these would all look super cute on her
like rail guns!
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41qbfb/even_the_higher_smv_30_year_old_guys_cant_get/cz4bmv7
griddy read that 
ahahhahaha
https://www.google.com.au/imgres?imgurl=http://stylewithcurves.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/Skater-Dress-for-Apple-Shape--180x300.jpg%253Feb4e9c&imgrefurl=http://stylewithcurves.com/4-cute-plus-size-dresses-for-an-apple-shape/&h=300&w=180&tbnid=ZHyv70reCK2I4M:&docid=_uenQZIF2-IRQM&ei=w5ueVsfYF6KwmwXao5bICQ&tbm=isch&ved=0ahUKEwiHxoji2rbKAhUi2KYKHdqRBZkQMwgcKAEwAQ whereas this looks a bit maternity imo.
am I correct in assuming they'd provide more control than conventional explosive/propellant based launch systems, SerNemesis / frensel
lol aww
i was looking at that one
i thought it'd be cute on her
her stomach is REALLY obvious
its her only problem area as well
that dress would hide it i would think
if she's got a really bad whr then maybe it's the lesser of two evils
As in more control than an unguided rocket?
it's only a little maternity.
Oh rail guns
Yeah they would
anyway
not to harp on her figure, sorry about that
haha, fair, sorry
You could control the exit velocity
but yeah, it's hard to feel confident about yourself with certain ladies who don't care about relationships deeply enough score men/dates/relationships all the time
the problem with railguns is that very considerable wear is unavoidable for high powered shots
and then you ask why and can't get the answer
again, i assume that's w/in her SMV range
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41q360/cmv_men_who_truly_believe_in_the_red_pill_are/cz496sv
Yup frensel
and i think it's more relaxed at the 2-4 level too
I would imagine another is that the sort of electronics necessary for controlling the shell, however rudimentary, may be incompatible with the process
BeyondTheLight: lol i just responde
d
he knows good and well
ie a 4 and a 2 will probably be relatively comfortable with each other
how would that be considerably different from high powered shots from conventional means
his dad is flaunting his AMEX like crazy
explosive/propellant
to attract those women
GTFO
GTOH*
whereas a 6 and an 8, the difference feels more apparent/important
hmm maybe
the other end of the scale would be like halle berry
apparently she's nuts but beautiful
so she can get men all the time even at 48
well the point is that you get much higher speeds, so that 
she is gorgeous and rich
Fiat it rides the rails
but also the launch process is more rough
To provide elelctricity
that's...off the scale. not really relevant even, imo.
LOL
why is it i googled her
and this popped up on the first page
because that sells papers?
ah. I guess the rails are more sensitive than the barrel of a cannon
Yeah
I would also expect an element of arcing
it does sound like she's a bit messed up, eh.
4 marriages
As it scrapes the rails
in 25 years
BeyondTheLight: damn
his dad is rich but CWM doesn't have a trustfund
or a fund?
what kind of rich parents does he have????
irresponsible ones! 
honestly, i judge people on their third marriage. I can understand getting married misguidedly once, but that means you don't do it without serious vetting a second time
Coilguns don't have the wear issues that railguns have but they're much more expensive
4....just stop trying, you're clearly not very good at it.
Do you live in NY, Sunhappy?
Hmmm griddy
trump was married what? three times?
Leraine: no i live in the DC area
why?
Oh - you pasted a link to NYPost heh
If I were rich I'm not sure I'd create much of a trust fund for tuem
thought you were a new yorker. 
and there's the weight issue 
I mean not the traditional trust find that pays them slowly
Right that too frensel
which is why the proposed application is the navy
Those are all very attractive men.  Silly woman.
isn't the point of the trust fund that you put it in their name when they're little and keep adding to it the amount every year so it transfers with minimum taxes? 
if you wait until you're old to give them money it's taxed to death
so I understand it from that perspective
I'd rather focus on an education fund and a homebuyong fund
Yeah witzie
SerNemesis: perhaps
regardless a fund
Right griddy
i want my money to go to my legacy
Yeah
there may be conditions
Fucking estate taxes
but it goes to them nontheless
i think she's an alpha female
only the successful ones
the survivors
she'll get married again too
here we go lol
probably to a white european billionaire
fiat's progeny hunger games
Lol
the Victors!
Right griddy
I almost think he is a phony
At the very least it should be in some foreign bank
BeyondTheLight: he gives me ER vibes
i dont think he's murderous
but i mean i think he idolizes his dad
Er?
but i dont think his dad loves him
I get that too griddy 
DG69: yeah
it's purely speculation
but it's what i get
Whats er?
Elliot Rodgers
It's a vibe for sure
isn't CWM Jewish? call me racist and that makes me slightly more inclined to believing his dad has money
alpha female - not a thing
Ah
fiat: i believe his dad has money
his daddy earned that money with a good job
it's not?
According to RedManBearPig  he was poor at first and later his dad made money fiat
Are you talking railguns?
So it makes sense he acts like that
they were drok
I'm gone a start gifting money to my kids the day they're born
Gonna
why?
Alpha female is a myth.
In case I ever get rich enough to need to worry about estate or gift taxes
Once you give away the money you can let it grow in an investment account
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
right; it's not a bad idea to split these funds up anyway
Black Panther and Storm get divorced
And only the initial money counts towards gift limits
awww
hmm
smart 
I'm going to just bury gold in my backyard
Rather than he final value of the investment account
(because somehow that's where I wounds up after that halle berry article)
classy drok 
whether that be to trust funds for kids or a 529 plan
My obese great aunt, who is generally in bad health... someone posted "clean" snacks lists on her Facebook.
Yup fiat
Yeah
Including nuts and dried fruit.
...
Hey!
I'm going with droks idea
I want to slap people in the mouth sometimes.
they're technically clean lifterofthings .
Doesn't fox or whoever own the rights to xmen?
lol RedManBearPig 
Those are great clean snacks
wait I don't understand lifter, why? 
They're extremely calorie-dense
but they're not appropriate for weight loss
Nuts?
Are hugely calorie-dense
Yeah, nuts are not good for weight loss.
And dried fruit is basically straight up sugar.
I'm trying to gain weight, not everyone eating clean is trying to drop it
Ohhh gotcha 
yall crazy
buy stuff abroad! 
yeah, too many obese people thinking "nuts and dried fruit are healthy and i can eat as many as i want"
I do frensel
You can quickly get your fill of calories in just a small amount of nuts.
Well
the best way to avoid local laws is to not stay local 
My whole IRA is invested abroad
https://np.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/41k2dn/fr_yes_another_report_its_good_for_guys_to_know/
Hummus too. idk. It's healthier than chips and dip
If I bury it in my backyard I can shoot anyone who tries to take it
I do but I always do better domestically
lo_andbehold, http://arousinggrammar.com/2013/10/01/the-marriage-and-divorce-of-storm-and-black-panther/ ;)
this made me laugh
Now, they're great fat bombs if you're on keto, but you've still got to watch the amounts you eat.
The local laws still apply locallu
But does anyone check the serving size and calories per serving on hummus?
"Anyway - so like most men, I love morning sex. I feel like I can conquer the world afterward. My wife knows this, and despite me having explained to her for years (logic is useless) she has always mostly refused morning sex. And when she has given in (because I was a little bitch who pestered her enough) - it was starfish, dry, and she mostly never came."
I need to start counting calories but I'm afraid of the harsh truth 
i do, but that's because i'm doing calorie counting
lo_andbehold, get on it
Trust me, I crushed a roll of sushi.
Felt bad when i checked the calorie count.
gotta check before
Yeah. Hummus, in the quantities that I usually eat it anyway, is not low cal :p
I know I'm unde reating and I don't even want to think about it
2 tbsp hummus
who eats that much hummus and then stops?1
Yeah, it wasn't on the label.
I'll just have to adjust dinner.
bummer
so you're not on keto aZombieKitten ?
Nah.
cool cool.
next her! 
I just eat whatever.
Damn her for not coming!
I would do keto, but it's not doable in this house, anyway.
bitch won't even come 
i'm on keto because i'm losing weight, but i think i'll transition to paleo when i reach maintenance
lmaooo
I think I'd like keto, though.
yeah, i do
Lots and lots of protein and fat.
i was retarded on keto.
sadly :(
like, i couldn't brain
Lol
or focus
that usually dissipates lifterofthings 
Yeah, it doesn't work for some people.
it didn't
bummer
I did it for about 3 months
that's a FR that only proved "women like sex when women are in mood for sex"
fair then
no go
groundbreaking
I can do low carb, but not that low
If I have a small business and hire my kids part time to lower my taxes (and train my kids) do you think the IRS would frown on it?
i have been on keto for about 3 months (and before that on low carb)
I think my natural diet is probably mod carb.
probably
I haven't checked my macro breakdowns in a while.
Iirc the kiddie tax only applies to investments
but cant do anything
but i binged on carbs last night for the first time in months
fail D:
unless you're making them work as minors
My diet is probably mostly carbs
Minors can work for their parents
I do love my pastas, but I don't have them often.
I think my worst offender for carbs is probably pizza.
maybe add some fats in lo_andbehold ?
mine is granola or oatmeal
ahhh
i had pizza the other night (no base) and it was amazing
this explains Bob's Burgers
I dont think anyone loves him period griddy lol.
Oh, oatmeal, too, when I eat it.
I would love a pizza dip. :p
if you can get over the mental block against throwing out perfectly good food, it's fucking brilliant
i wish i didn't crave carbs during various times of the money
*month
Just spoon it up like a happy little baby.
At this point it isnt the money nor the women
Cwm needs a hug
like ovulation or my actual period
Its him
Stuff my mouth with cheese.
yummm
I eat moderately without cutting too much anything and would rather just supplement it with working out
i worked out today and omg it was like crack
I want to hug all the terps
sounds fair little_red_ 
Like snacking on nuts or putting butter in my coffee cakeforallofyou ?
yes, lo_andbehold . if you're trying to gain, for sure!
My hugs heal
And I think children can do part time jobs like newspaper delivery
My general diet is "this is edible, within my calories, and I like it."
You might get the cooties
probably gonna do 2 miles on the elliptical tonight to burn it off
(although i prefer cream in my coffee)
dude SerNemesis my dad pulled same shit with me
i haven't worked out in 2 days, argh
i did a silly and overdid it with my new kettlebell
We do spoil ourselves on the weekend with challah french toast, bacon and fried eggs
I did that for a while SerNemesis lol
I bought some Bailey's creamer for my coffee. Delicious as heck.
and so i am feeling the doms
have me minor tasks because I was already busy with a full time job and my own startup
And only 25 cal for 2tbs of creamer.
aZombieKitten, my grandma has baileys in her coffee every morning
Just means we have to have lots of wild sex to make up for calories ingested
but it gave him opportunity to lower taxes a bit
woooo little_red_ 
I used to tag along with my dad on job sites
I just gave him back the money
Lol
The alcohol or a creamer? :p
I "volunteered" for refereeing
it was minor fraud
I'd have fun jobs
i also have doms from
Made like 20 bucks an hour
Like hold this wrench
ugh typing
i also have doms from that
Lol fiat
My dad shot weddings in his spare time
aZombieKitten, the alcohol. she's mad.
me and my sis would help him
I do already, I just have to do better at eating in general. Like, yesterday I had half of a personal pizza and a frozen mac and cheese
I bought a bourbon vanilla pound cake flavored creamer.
but we got allowance
she let me have some on my cereal when i was a kid :P
not paychecks
Haha, I totally want to try an "Irish coffee," though.
alcohol.. and cereal? how did that taste?
Could he deduct the allowance from business expenses? :D
I never got allowance
Alcohol with cereal?
well, it was chocolatey delicious alcohol
yeah
I got $5 a week
haha
Or paid for helping
essentially were exploited youths!
Me neither
LOL
sounds like it'd be a bit bitter though 
Asians don't get allowance
we were*
Lo what about salads or yogurts?
We get free college
I guess you'd be extra perky.
I never got allowance
teenagers have bad ideas and they shouldn't live with their grandparents who have bad ideas
i was
nah my dad "paid us" for helping him
rofl 
my dad and his friend gave me a pittance to lower their taxes by a few hundred dollars
Baileys is a very sweet creaming cordial, it's not like a hard liquor. It'd be great in cereal lol 
granted $20 bucks is pennies
A cup of fage Greek yogurt holds me over pretty well
oh hey, can i ask a personal question? just reflecting on my own relationship
Omg babysitting used to pay well
what sort of frequency do you guys have sex with your partners?
Food just doesn't interest me most of the time
the reall payment was the wedding food!
Most of my exes, 1-2x a week.
That was how I got cash
Lmfao this fortune
I didn't even get free college. they told me I'm fucked if I don't get scholarships lol
That was the average frequency.
i had a grumpy discussion the other day because i was feeling undersexed, but on reflection 2-3 times a week is fairly normal, yeah?
fiat: phshh
Hhahahaha fiat
I wasn't really taught that money was mine in a weird way
free college
"It can't rain all the time. It could be better, but it's good enough."
So apropos as a fortune cookie
2-3x a week is pretty average, even a bit above.
For most people
thanks aZombieKitten . did that work for you guys? i mean, aside from that they're your ex
Cake I'd say a few times a week.  I wouldn't mind more but our schedules are pretty different 
But that wouldn't be enough for me either
Like I would be totally expected to share if it was needed
Dg69 and fiat would know about the rain lol
yeah, that's my feeling too lo_andbehold 
But I know my libido isn't the norm
since the discussion it's been every day, which works for me
Same dg69
My libido is a bit fluid, so it was fine for me, since it was quality over quantity.
We were higher frequency in the beginning.
12:51:42 <+fiat> I didn't even get free college. they told me I'm fucked if I don't get scholarships lol
Wth
Haha nice SerNemesis 
oh, for sure
It slowed down over time ,though.
that's fairly standard
What kind of Asian parents were they?
Hardcore
My ex was a bit low T, too, though.
I have an abnormally low libido, I think, so I always felt like it was too much. 2-3x would be too much for me but I'd deal with it if I had to 
Like next level stuff there
I'm sure they would have paid and it was a just a threat
I needed scholarships too
I mean asians are stingy but your child's education is one thing that you throw money at
to make me try harder to get scholarships
te point is though they didn't actually pay much
i think it's difficult for us in that he's definitely dominant in most of it
My family got poor when I was in high school
I worked
Aww dg69
I have yet to figure out J's libido, but it seems like it would be high just based on his personality.
Sometimes in college I'd send my mom money
so it's a bit more emotionally exhausting for him, trying to decode my signals etc
I mean my parents didn't pay much either
Out of my student loans
I need to be better at being clear with my flirting for example
that being said my ex got my a job working at library. I got referred
About 40k in total for room and board
Dg69 is a good daughter
Yikes dg69
and it paid 12-14 usd per hour
she is
Awww
Dg69++
so that's helped in the last few days, being explicitly "hey let's do the sex thing"
that's the same thing that happened to me DG69 
but i'm still worried that he's going to resent it.
you'd say this?
or imply it?
my mom owes my loans thousands by now im sure
my bf would like sex 10x a week. I'd be happy with like... 2. So we seem to compromise around 4-5
Resent what?
Sunhappy, I am now saying it
Aww architect
fiat my library job was CRAP
ah
Sometimes I wish he'd get fewer boners.
Architect++
Kino can help a lot.
but i needed the pittance 
Good son
whereas before i was implying it
i'm pretty sure i have a low libido. R is older. idk it works
mine was the best. te work was easy and I had time to just do he
we still lost our home
Hw
i usually just snuggle with short shorts on haha
how old is older, Sunhappy ?
the work was easy
haha
Same architect
sucked
and the pay was good
does the trick
and i had acccess to the vaults
he's 44
hey my mom is getting free rent right noe
but...
right right.
the pay was sucky
im sorry to hear that DG69 
I'm an okay son too you knoe
:D
i think i need to take the lead more often and jump him
my tuition wasn't that high because the University of California used to be cheap
I'm lucky I was able to be fluid with my libido.
Lol SerNemesis is a good son too
because i think he resents being the one to escalate/control etc
looking back on it im not sure how i made it last every 2 weeks
or just find casual ways of showing you're hot for him
Yeah fiat
I used to get angry if we didn't have sex at least every other day or so.
Same with you architect hope things have improved
not anymore obv
R would be weirded out if i "jumped" him
but he usually can tell when i'm in the mood
Gradually realized "I don't actually need this that often."
every 3 days is about my limit, anything less and i get grumpy
I feel like sometimes I initiate too much?
yea, this was a long time ago by now
When I chose to go to UT the cost looked the same for both colleges
my limit is 2 weeks haha
we were on day 4 when we had the "discussion
"
Then the next year they jacked up the tuition at cal
damn Architect 
lo_andbehold: do you want him to like
heh
lo_andbehold, do you initiate and follow through? Because i know huscat's complained that i will initiate but then step back and expect him to lead
And I was like "well looks like I saved money"
ravish you or something?
truuuuue, cakeforallofyou 
What's UT
so he's all "cool my wife is on my lap doing sexy things" and then "oh, no, she wants me to take control and i'm tired, grr"
(it was a good discussion we had)
university
toronto
?
lol
university of Texas
same thing
hm
i've gotten that impression at times as well
It was cheaper to go out of state SerNemesis ?
It can be hard sometimes to figure out how to toe the line of how to initiate and the follow through and whatnot.
where is witzie 
hence why i'm switching to cardio!
!
https://www.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/405b4y/fianc%C3%A9_found_out_about_reddit_subs_i_was_in_and/
and he pointed out that i do that ALL the time (initiate and make it look like i'm directing proceedings) and then back out a little
gotta build up that stamina
haha Sunhappy 
I had a national merit scholarship
this is an acual case of TRP ruining a good thing
there's so many voiced people on today
this sucks
I usually follow through, I don't start something and expect him to do all the work
So in state Texas tuition
Some guys don't mind taking over if they get revved up and some just don't want to take control at times.
And some extra free grants
lo_andbehold, i need to get better at that
Real talk
and aZombieKitten , yeah, he's usually into it but mentioned that it's a thing that happens and he dislikes it
Oh cool
Which worked out to be the same as in state in California plus some free calgrants
Learning a partner's signals is probably one of the harder parts of relationships.
If he flashes me his dick (like, as a joke) I almost always go down on him right away 
haha that's a joke but totally a signal
i kind of know from how R kisses
 <SerNemesis> I'm an okay son too you knoe
there's like quick pecks
Rofl
if he gets it out, he's usually ready to use it
Sometimes he'll stop me and I'll get so upset!
SerNemesis++
XD
and then there's like "oh, well THERE YO GO"
whoa i would be too
I doubt it. sorcerorking had a good point, griddy
I also got some need based free money and subsidised loans
haha Sunhappy 
Cause my mom had low income
But he always makes it up to me later 
fiat who is that?
ten year marriage and she's doing that because of a reddit account she pried into
i love hearing about your relationship Sunhappy 
lol why
And I lives with mom rather than das
one of the commenters In that thread
Dad
fiat idk
griddy
because you're adorable
apparently my bf complains to his work friends that I "never" put out
it's really new :O i'm mostly just working to fall back and not freak out
aww bless <3
my first reaction to the TRP front page
was 
thankers
and in that extra lovey honeymoon phase
omg lifterofthings 
which i miss a bit
The fafsa aid works really well for kids of divorced parents
"all these dudes hate women and care only for sex"
are you serious?
and they ask him to qualify that, and it turns out that he got a handjob last night, but hasn't actually had sex in like 36 hours
I feel like I read once that in the surrendered wife it says not to initiate? 
ten years
and they're all like "yeah, fuck off"
lifterofthings, oh my gosh
so im assuming she thinks he's hiding somethihg
ten years!!
lol 36 hours
why is he complaining about that?!
couple that with her dad's history
Dad pays for my tuition but they count mom's income when they calculate the financial aid
the stuff men say when women aren't around
I think he's mostly joking
doesn't suprise me
lo_andbehold, hrmmmm i don't remember that bit but it's been ages, i need to read that
it isnt shocking to her that men can hide something
what surprises me
or ppl in general
How long have you been together sunhappy ?
I'm starting it, I'm just slow getting through it
is when coworkers say they don't have time to have sex with their husbands
cuz they work too much
ugh make the time
3 months :3
lo, did they provide rationale for why women shouldn't initiate? 
13:00:27 <+griddy> "all these dudes hate women and care only for sex"
im sure if he explained to her the point of MRP and TRP
she may understand
SerNemesis I got helped out a lot with financial aid too
What is wrong with caring only for sex
but her initial reaction is legit
Let him lead and he'll initiate when he wants I think?
it was mine
SerNemesis: you're not a woman so you wouldnt get it
if you're initiating all the time that's an issue but i reckon it's nice to let him relax sometimes
Yeah dg69 but you deserved it
it just seems odd
even if it it's natural for men
(IDK i also just watched an episode of reign with discussion of this stuff)
(that show is hilarious)
also i said "all these dudes hate women"
(unintentionally i think)
huh ok. i've been told that my complete lack of initiation is a problem. makes him feel unwanted 
In my case it was undeserved since I had a well off dad
SerNemesis it's a concern if it's the guy you're with
^
why can't women have more sense like that woman in fiddler on the roof movie
yeah, Leraine , same here. if you were doing it all the time it might be domineering, but doing it sometimes, or very gently, is okay i think
R passively initiates
quoted by atlasb
Idc about random dudes only wanting sex
hmmm ok
Griddy I find it odd that given how much women insist on being sexually empowered and all and then suddenly complain that some guys just want sex
he doesn't like...jump me ever haha
Ooh which one fiat
SerNemesis: i think it's weird if a woman only wants sex too
if that makes you feel better?
aw, being jumped is the best though
but he manages so many people at work i think he wants to come home and just be desired and not have to "work" for it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_y9F5St4j0
if that makes sense
Lot you say he's mostly joking bUT have you asked him about it
yeah, fair.
:/
SerNemesis I care if the guy I'm WITH has lied about his motivation for being in the relationship
Or hidden it
anyway like i said
huscat and i were wrestling yesterday and he basically just threw my legs in the air and it was great
Oh the do you love me song lol
rofl
i would die
i love when that happens
Right dg69 that is fair
i think once me and R were getting ready for a date night and i changed in front of him
i think her reaction was "omg these dudes are cray... omg my fiance parlays with cray"
(it did NOT help my sore leg muscles though)
he must be of been staring
haha
for someone ignorant of pills and reddit
cuz he was like "heeeeeyyyyy....."
legit reaction
that was FUN
haha
totally not expected either
then i had to shower and change all over again
<3
lol
the number of times date night has been postponed for similar reasons...
No. idk. I don't want sex twice a day. If it's a deal-breaker he can fuck someone else.
I probably should talk to him about it
i love having this group of people to chat with
It is giddy
Atlasb I've always wondered what happened with his two daughters once they went to america
Feeling like you suck at sex and you're a frigid bitch who never puts out doesn't really make me super horny, I gotta say
Trp shocks anyone when the first see it
lifterofthings, aren't you pregnant though? he needs to be a bit extra generous about that stuff right now
DG69: yeah
yeah, for sure
And he is.
idk
I suppose one married an Ethiopian Jew and the other turned out to be lesbian
I don't know how to fix it
it didnt shock me
but complaining with his mates? hrmmm
i already knew how men thought
i would def feel hurt if huscat complained.
so you don't put out all the time
lol sern right
and a communist
AtlasB: we are discussing most ppl
but you compromise, like with handjobs and stuff, right?
I don't think he's -really- complaining.
the reason why this bugs me a bit, griddy is because every time bpers tried to "read" me and interpret my "intent" they've been wrong
they see things through their own lenses
with my ex, when i was tired, i'd do soft sex play but not PIV
And his friends are the first ones to be like "don't be retarded". I think they pressure him to marry me more than I do :p
fiat: im just talking about the TRP front page
thats the first thing i saw
for example, you guys know me long enough to know that I'm just a pedant sometimes
that sounds positive at least
It should be obvious to that guy why his girlfriend is upset
hopelessly spergy, pedantic, pedagogic
which upvoted a lot fo TRPs most angriest subscribers
i didnt appreciate TRP
until PPD
Just read some of the mean comments
lifterofthings: how often are yall doing it again/
sans the crazis
i visited a friend the other week (the one in the weird-ass-secret-open-relationship)
but they interpret that as me being invested
that's how my last argument went
That's how she now thinks he thinks
so if all the fiance sees is the vitrol
and she talked for maybe 2 hours about her complicated love/sex life
what do you respect
probably 3ish times a week on average
plus handjobs
this is how that wife is starting to sound
expect?*
and then was like "what about you" and I'm like "yeah pretty good thanks"
Trps be all like "why do ppl hate trp" it's so stupid
yes she is seeing other peoples virtriol
I don't really do the compromise blowjob thing
it's less exciting when you've been together for a while
It's made to be hated
that has nothin to do wih me or maybe him
lo_andbehold, gotta do bjs for their own sake
thig is
fiat that's odd logic
i never see themsaying
I really like giving them and if I'm not in the mood, I'd rather not give one at all than do a half ass job
"why do ppl hate trp"
where is this?
yeah
if your fiance who you thought was one thing
sometimes people ask that
Like, I've really stepped up my bj game with my husband
idk i feel like that's a lot
they ont understand whats to be hated about it
but right now we're weekly
was suddenly perusing sites with front pages of ASIAN HATE
or whatever
although sometimes if i'm not in the mood and he is, (TMI) we'll do a lazy bj
this isn't a fiance
your first thought weould be... how odd
wtf
this is someone married for ten years
must have talk immediately
Sunhappy, is he happy with that? If he is then that's great
no it's fiance
they arent married yet
His libido is abnormally high.
Like
well we only see each other on weekends
also her history is important
We've been together 3 years and the boners are still relentless.
idk
Sunhappy, gotta make sure that you'll be on the same page
her dad raped her mom in front of her
no point pushing him to see me during the week. he's really really busy at work
but yeah if we lived together, he said he'd like daily
if it turns out that if you guys live together, he'll want it 4x week, best to know now
she's already battling "men can be fucked up" in her head
lol
eep. that sounds problematic unless you're into it
idk her reaction makes sense based off of what he wrote
R is always clear on what he expects
girl, i'd be fine with daily
hell
Same
oh, then cool.
just don't expect no porn marathons
I'm not confused. I know she has every reason to suspect him or be wary
i thought you were saying you wouldn't
lol
and acrobatics
for sure
lazy sex is great
Haha, not EVERYday
I'm telling you why I dislike that line of thinking personally
13:06:01 <+fiat> for example, you guys know me long enough to know that I'm just a pedant sometimes
Right
right
friends say they have sex 3-4 hours at a time
like whyyyyy
fiat im also not fucking you
your poor vaginas
that's too many hours
well, you don't do it in the vagina for 3 hours Sunhappy :P
Like I was trying to understand the h/l categorization
I love the occasional marathon, but they get insane if that's all you're doing.
i assume that's including other stuff
perhaps it';s most shocking if you're fucking the person/love the person
idk. i'm rather vanilla
who knows
The marathons are better when you have infrequent sex.
yeah
And everyone thought I was unhappy about being categorized as low dominance
we do that when we're on vacation, can easily do 3 hours of oral + other stuff
it's a huge relief to me personally when people have the good sense and good will of giving me benefit for doubt
lifterofthings: i'd have a convo with your guy
You get high quality of sex instead of frequent sex.
but who has the time in the day :P
sexually dissatisfied men are a weak spot in the relationship. it would make me antsy
fiat sure
yeah, or women
Maybe she thought they were closer and felt he was hiding it too
There's really nothing I can do about it though
i don't understand, if she knew him long enough to marry him
the number of marriages i've known to break up over women getting antsy and no tingles
i think most ppl would love to be given the benefit of doubt
doesn't she know who he really is?
i think i can handle a DB for a few months granted he's not in the mood for whatever reason
I need a good mix of vanilla and kinkier play 
That's what she's thinking filozof 
i don't crave sex really
i don't see how that's the case of TRP "ruining a good thing"
"How could I not see this"
"How did I not know he read this"
and R jokes that if we're old and he's 77 to my 54, he'd be happy with just boring oral lol until hte end of his days
but you're open to it? sounds good Sunhappy .
lo_andbehold, yeah, fair
When I'm ovulating  it's more than a craving 
i would like to get more kinky but it's complicated eh.
She's thinking she thought she knew who he really is but was wrong
I don't think he's a bad person. 
I also dislike
just because he reads this doesn't mean much
I'm explaining why she reacted the way she did.
Because this is uncharacteristic of him
the overemphasis on feelings
Only as complicated as you want it to be!
like history and actions dont matter
lol
this is about the extent of our relationship drama
she should know who he is, not judge him based on what forum he posts to
just what ARS and I were ranting about yesterday
like some bluepiller
"you should drink less coffee" "but it's harrrrd"
I need to buy some decaf
Caffeine addiction is a bitch.
awww
it's one of the reasons ppl complain about feminization of society
you guys almost sound like slut defenders
yeah, i've fallen into it a couple of times
this isn't even good coffee, it's fucking instant
that's embarrassing
You should blend your decaf and regular coffee to wean yourself off
I know the feel.
no exact opposite
whos a bad person
I use instant in my keurig.
not really
lo_andbehold, i'm thinking just cutting down to one regular + the rest decaf for a few days will help
then i can wean
Don't pill shame me filozof 
one of the less appealing aspects of feminization of society
girl yasss
that gets ranted about
That's another smart way of doing it
i had only 2 cups of coffee all weekend
what is
i was dying
is overemphasis on feels
fiat
intent
I 'weaned' myself on tea
i saw an ad for a tech job the other day that mentioned "being into coffee" as a prerequesite
Lot I lold at relentless boners
but like, then they mentioned they have a nespresso machine
no one is a winner or loser
That's a good thing! 
I have a cup every morning, but I can go off of it easily.
because results don't matter
.context
dudes that is NOT being into coffee
good intentions do
that's like, the trailer trash of espresso
It's 99% routine now and less about the caffeine.
it hardly counts
"you tried"
I might as well have gone cold turkey! I didn't do much 
yes, aZombieKitten , i'm totally craving the taste even
*It
"you had the right intentions"
all these virtue ethics that would matter more if we were mind readers
I'm at the dmv on my mobile so my comments are super irrelevant by the time I read chat lol
alright! need to start my day. and skip the second coffee
I used to think I have a caffeine addiction. I just like flavored drinks.
I brought up fiddler because the woman there was ambiguous about feels
sorry DG69 i'll just fat shame you instead
but focused on history
My husband has a serious caffeine addiction
actions
have a great time yall, i think you're WONDERFUL and I appreciate having you to chat to
I have a high tolerance for caffeine.
Yeah fiat
I can drink it before bed and not be remotely wired.
why is a gf upset/
I want him to quit when I have to give up all my vices so that we can start a family
https://www.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/405b4y/fianc_found_out_about_reddit_subs_i_was_in_and/cyrzdu4
Man this is so sad
Lmao cakeforallofyou trailer trash of espresso
idk also
if his life was so perfect
why on TRP?
maybe she feels weird about that too
griddy I agree wih you about how men don't empathize or understand
how feelings matter more to women
lo_andbehold: That's some BS
theres something more than my wife read TRP and now she hates me"
You can't have it so he can't?
but sometimes it just gets tiring listening to that
you no natural alfa alfa
fiat i dont know about that
ive dated men
I know it's an unpopular opinion 
are my tingles even real
and feelings matter A LOT tot hem
?!?!!?
Because it's BS
are feelings real if tingles are not real
yes but less relative to women
i think you may be projecting your robotnoess on all men
and you accused U.S. earlier
Caffeine is arguably one of the least offensive vices.
*us
huh
i accused you earlier ?
How can we be real if our eyes aren't real
Does he get to stay home for maternity leave?
well men earlier?
said that we're guys so we prob don't understand
of lacking feelings?
what she is feeling
yeah because you're not women
I actually agree
not because you lack feelings
Or will he still be going to work?
i think you guys feel your own problems quite soundly
I would have a problem with it, but it's interfered with our plans in the past before
He's planning on spending the first few weeks home with me, so yes
no it's not that we lack feelings
13:16:38 <+griddy> if his life was so perfect
men are less likely to place as high importance feelings
He said he was on a bunch of improvement subs
"I would have a problem with it" 
that's what I was saying
if he posted hateful rants about his fiance i would understand why she would leave him
God the entitlement
Mrp/trp was probably only one of them
SerNemesis: seems sad
but just because he browses something
she seemed like an awesome partner
you don't drink caffeine for your baby 
doesnt mean much
and he says the sex was great
And he probably focused on the lifting
what does him giving it up do?
she's just shocked and dismayed
now
And masculinity
best comment
upcoted 15
Except make you feel better?
was for him to explain why he joined
the part he ignores
etc... etc...
My connection is being slow right now
*wouldn't have a problem with it
That's a freaking selfish attitude and I'm glad he's lucky enough that he gets to spend some time off work. 
the parts*
Yeah
Someone needs to pm him
http://takimag.com/article/15_myths_millennials_accept_as_fact_gavin_mcinnes/print#axzz3xjAPsyOI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9bVnQPaj48
SerNemesis: yeah
i disagreew with all the 
I think he should drink coffee in front of you every morning of your pregnancy
"next her comments!"
he'll never find another
Just so you get over yourself
Yeah lol
that's silly
Wait, what exactly is the caffeine doing that interferes with your plans?
lo_andbehold: what are all if your vices? Do you smoke?
how do you know he'll never find another?
because the dude spent 10 years
Someone invite him to this chat
and was happy
that shit is hard to come by mr. fiat 
filozof*\
wine and soft cheese, sushi
what's interesting is that she thinks he's with her just for the sex
i would ask huscat to not enjoy those in front of me, but not abstain
well yes it's hard, but doesn't mean he can't find a better person
I wonder if the friend she is staying with is a mutual friens
filozof: she's just reading the hyperbole of TRP and having her own anger phase
That seems silly, imo.
i love gavin
Perhaps he can have her take a more rational third party view
And convince the fiancee
Jesus
*she
yall write in hperbole and incendiary language are shocked when ppl react like her
If I'm preg, I wouldn't ask my SO to not enjoy a beer in front of me or not have sushi in front of me.
I cannot believe how retarded you both are
that's more shocking
ouch PhantomDream 
no one is saying she doesn't have reason to be wary. her response is entirely expected/predictable
Are you incapable of self-control?
That's what you are saying
R is a half a pack a day smoker. i don't like smoking but you accept them as they are
You can't force him to not enjoy things just because you can't.
"So she thinks Im with her for sex and that I will play her just to get sex, and if she doesn't put out then I will just cheat. " - well she should think that actually
"I don't like being without, and it's not fair, so cater to my preferences"
it doesn't bother me really
Entitlement
i did say that i wouldn't ask him to abstain, just keep the fancy wine out from in front of me.
if she has an attitude that she doesn't have to put out that's dangerous
it's just difficult to sympathize with that position. it's a repeat of almost every misunderstanding or source of disagreement
betwen men and women, bp and rp
but shrug, each to their own
Do you not have self-control, though?
THAT'S JUST AS BAD
cakeaway: 
men are just trained/accustomed to putting lower value on feelings
Would you not be able to look at the wine without having any?
Have sparkling water while he drinks the wine or something.
You're just trying to say 'I'm better' because 'technically' he can still have it - just not if he wants to sit with you or be in the same room as you 
even biologically there are reasons. women for instance, during coitus can afford to just let it go
when he's at home
I have no clue, but I'm anticipating pregnancy being complicated and emotional
have multiple orgasms or none at all 
It's BS manipulative entitlement behavior
guys who let it go last for less than 5 min
Idk I see it the same way as vegetarains that ask people not to eat meat in front of them. That's your deal, not mine
YES
i'm on keto and hugely craving carbs, but i don't ask him not to eat them in front of me
Don't eat that cake - I'M ON A DIET
i understand if my fiancee browsed some man-hating sub i'd be worried
I shouldn't have to make exceptions for someone else's issues
YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE ME FAT
it's more that i assume pregnancy will be emotional
we're much more accustomed to separating action from feelings
but if i knew her well i would probably know she doesnt have bad intentions
So what?
Cry
So you'll bawl over not being able to drink wine?
drink water
He gets headaches that get in the way of our plans sometimes if he runs out of coffee or soda 
If his drinking were getting in the way of plans, I'd feel the same way
I smoke pot, which I'm giving soon
My post aren't going through for some reason, there's a lot of lag
 He gets headaches that get in the way of our plans sometimes if he runs out of coffee or soda 
and be an adult
and rp-like guys don't see anything wrong with "visiting random internet forums"
I would be worried if I found anything that hateful
we don't spend time like those women figuring out someone's inner character
What is a feeling
okay, PhantomDream , i'll try to be more sensible
enough to have a talk about it
luckily it's not an issue right now
A thought + hormone?
I just cannot STAND when people try to dictate the conduct of others. It's manipulative BS
satan + hormones
yeah having a talk is understandable
sure but you see why a lot of guys look at stuff like that
declaring a guy as evil is not
and try to use the veil of pregnancy or something else to justify 
it's not dictating if you ask nicely and it doesn't bother the person, i would think?
and roll our eyes. "omg, do we really need to deal with this"
but okay, i can see what you mean
He doesn't HAVE to, all I've said it that I would want him to show some solidarity since I'm giving up a lot and putting my body through a lot to do something for us 
it's so difficult to empathize with something so fleeting
and subjective
lo_andbehold: You're entitled. 
God you don't even see it
"I have to do this...you need to support me by ALSO giving things up"
No
He supports you by being your husband 
something like 10 years of getting to know someone; his actions, what he struggled for
i dont really think we separate action from feelings, i think all our actions are based on some feelings
and loving you
all those go shit down the drain because of internet browsing history
getting you things if you need them
13:23:45 <+fiat> even biologically there are reasons. women for instance, during coitus can afford to just let it go
That must be so convenient
NOT BE DENYING HIMSELF SOMETHING COMPLETELY REASONABLE
because you have this weird equality of suffering mentality 
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/prince-edward-island/mellish-motors-sign-women-1.3408524 the women on my facebook are getting their knickers in a bunch over this.
13:25:11 <+griddy> enough to have a talk about it
She isn't having a talk about it unfortunately
That would have been good
again i think that's because of her storied past
crazy dad and whatnot
1:27 PM <filozof> i dont really think we separate action from feelings, i think all our actions are based on some feelings <--- yes filozof 
it's a matter of degree
If it was smoking? Yeah - he can do that outside away from you
okay, actually going now, have fun yall
she saw TRP's front page
Men act irrationally emotional too if you count anger
thought of her dad
and was like
because that can HARM your baby
And hornyness
"FUCK NO! I'm out!"
Yeah, smoking I'd find a reasonable request (at least having him leave the house to do it, anyway)
i guess
Caffeine is hardly going to hurt you.
yes, but if you consider that, men are still much more likely to act or refuse to act on emotion
i dont have a crazy dad
society and their own bodies train them for that
so i would be like "fuck wht the fuck is this reddit shit"
acting based on anger is discouraged by society
you mean that men are skilled in stifling our feelings?
I feel like this is just like when a guy needs to cool off
Instead of argue
She's hurt
Not ready to talk to him
She's cooling off
yep DG69 
she's making a stupid decision by throwing away 10 years of her life
filozof i'm saying that guys are more likely to act in ways incongruent with their feelings
filozof: she's not
she's just mad at the moment
they can hate or be disgusted with a woman and still fuck her
what if this is PTSD?
what if she saw an upvoted OP "rape all the women!"
Lol lifterofthings I love shit like that. Freedom of speech is so much better than feefees.
lol it could have been triggering
My two cents: if you're going to take on the responsibility of being a mother - own your effing choices, and don't punish other people because you have to be healthy and responsible for 9 f-cking months
jarring
I just like... who cares.
there was a post on TRP "women want to be raped by a high value man"
legit
He's some nobody living in bumfuck nowhere.
His opinions mean less than nothing
stickied i think
okay now pretend you're her reading that
never seen the pills
daddy is a rapist
I have gay friends the went
yeah i get it
i might get disgusted
and scared
Whose dad is a rapist?
lol, lifterofthings
To chick fil a when that whole scandal  came out
drok the chick in this MRP OP
I would've laughed at that because it's true for me at least.
the wife of a MRPer
I bet it gets him more business.
God
Merpwife
haha
"merpwife"
I've started saying the acronyms phonetically
So there is terpchat as well
merp sounds so
merp life with the merp wife is nothing but merp strife
how is ppd pronounced phonetically
haha fiat
Fiat++
pooped?
pooped
yeah
pipped
Lol filozof 
I would say it like pupped
I doubt it
But two syllables
http://i.imgur.com/FZ4aVff.gifv
HAHA
His joke's not even funny
yeah because you're a weirdo
who pronoucnes
drok as "d-rock"
and not "droke"
I just say all of the letters individual for ppd.
d-rock is the proper pronounciation
Yeah TBH
Jack4ss: NOPE
i looked it up
PPD isn't phonetic yet
i pronounce it as rock with a d before it
one syllable
u guess drock works
in my head i def say "droke"
Really? That's too bad.
i*
I think most pronounce it like drock
But it's d-rock
weko
welp*
im the odd one
And weirdo Griddy with droke
lmaoo
I think drock
I have nothing against sexist jokes
but that one doesn't even make sense :p
AtlasB: you mean gavinok?
Maybe it should be Dr. OK
DG69: !
1:29 PM <DG69> I feel like this is just like when a guy needs to cool off <--- that's a good point. hopefully that is the case
i like that lol
i liked the great lake accent of the people in making a murderer's first episode
"it's nat passible"
fiat it is
go on MERP
and comment that he should ignore the other ppl
Yeah filozof aren't they charming
let her cool off
this is why people need to be more careful about browsing history and why they tell each other not to preach this stuff
Yay you're watching it too!!
dont next 10 years!
i've watched the 1st episode
what are the next ones about?
filozof: the towns ppl slay me
It follows the same story
it's so midwestern
But it gets wild
Have you see. Fargo filozof?
very Bobby's World
Seen*
"rahhhhv for"
i've seen fargo 1st season
4*
No the original movie
the movie no
they add that soft "ah" to Rav 4
which kills me
His dad makes me the saddest
When he talks
lol why?
he yells
someone on twitter said
Yeah I g.have 3 episodes left
He just seems really tortured
i think lester nygaard was the biggest beta i've ever seen
Will finish tonight
"his dad speaks like he's ordering at thr drive thru from the passenger seat"
i cried of laughter
the mom Dolores makes me the saddest
she's so sweet
Lol that's a good description
and dedicats her life to that son
Yeah his mom is so timid
There are a few punchable ones too
Idk why old men make me the saddest
Every time
usually they do
but Dolores has the saddest looking face in human history
my heart breaks just watching her think
Lol
13:38:34 <+fiat> this is why people need to be more careful about browsing history and why they tell each other not to preach this stuff
Yeah
i would preach this stuff to my gf
if she cant get trp
i guess trp is tamer to me compared ot my h
i dont want to be with her
Yeah
13:29:53 <DG69> She's cooling off
he talks anbotu killign and kidnappign women
and keeping them in cages
I hope so
Nica preaches TRP to her friends
Killing? You only kill the uggos
I don't trust all her friends though
filozof I'm glad you would share it with her
Someone is going to report me one day
And I'm going to have to start killing women
here we go
Even the pretty ones SerNemesis
do you think she shouldn't be with me DG69 ?
.allquotes
    filozof not if you're all preachy
1:07 PM <AtlasB> i never see themsaying / "why do ppl hate trp" <--- you mean rpers? I actually see it a lot
there's one on asktrp right now
No I think it would probably be fine
oh ok
.quote drok8
then theyre just retarded
Lol
I probably wouldn't be here if my ex hadn't preached TRP to me, honestly.
Filozof++
the fuck
when did i say that shit ya damn bot
AtlasB: https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/41msbk/why_does_tumblr_think_that_about_trp/
ugh
yes, retarded
fiat they care what tumblr thinks
that's like me caring what BenGunnSilver thinks of me
you only need to say it once griddy and its immortalized in he bot :D
well i have to wonder how poe's law applies here
because these threads are common enough
I'm sure I'm wrong, but I think trp is more likely to work if both parties know about it
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41qsh7/is_it_wrong_to_say_this_woman_would_not_make_a/
that's much better than i would expect tumblr to think about TRP
i am so going to splurge on a bottl eof perfume when i ge tmy house check from today
yay
and yet another playmate just married a billionaire!
i actually found a post on srswomen about trp
they're winning!
it was surprisingly understanding
damn bunnies
though of course some people thought it should be illegal
Dg69 it doesn't seem like she is cooling off thougb
AtlasB: which scent?
She seems more shocked and disillusioned
prada candy
my new fave
i havent tried that one yet
Like she thinks all men are like her dad
I just bought a new TV
And is gonna shut them out
oo fun
i need to go to a dpt store
I'm going to be pissed when I have kids
and sniff about
drok y you dotn play minecraft anymore?
And can't just buy whatever I want
what happened to everyone?
SerNemesis: yeah i think she has to deal with the whole daddy issues thing
Well, my campus is on the way to banning hoverboards. I knew this was coming.
Oh I've been busy with some stuff
i think she's thinking "all men are capable of being my dad"?
I am going to fix my old TV and sell it
I think I need to replace a capacitor or something
Yup griddy
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41pj5v/askmen_poster_makes_a_fantastic_post_about_why/cz4e8kd?context=3
i knew it!
I don't blame her
men don't want women to take control during sex for her pleasure
all lies!
he's against the allmighty vib!
But this is another example of why you should avoid traumatized women
Haha why is your hand better than a vibe
true
DG69: it isnt
lol
Yeah lol SerNemesis they go straight into that later in the comments
Right dg69
griddy: is it like less offensive to the guy
DG69: i guess
but it literally takes 40 min
for me to do it with my fingers
i dont have that much time to build up an orgasm
Damn
I'm afraid to use a vibe
yeah i havent figured out the quick clit orgasm with my fingers
My hands are enough
The little bullet vibes are ideal for that, since they're not so big that they might get in the way.
ugh 
think of a vibe like a treat
use it now and then
to the other chat!
we should do something interesting with the minecraft server
like an event or something 
build a big box and have people fight in it 
ooooh
that sounds like smash brothers
we could have a game where one person has to get out of the box and the rest have to kill them before they can get out of the box
lmao
i like that
ooooh!
13:52:13 <aZombieKitten> The little bullet vibes are ideal for that, since they're not so big that they might get in the way.
capure the flagf
ugh typos today
Are these like the vibrator equivalent of a micropenis?
SerNemesis: no
dildos go in
They're just tiny vibrators.
vibs stay out
lol
Oooh griddy
I see
Lol
although ive seen vibrating dildos
How come we men don't typically use all these sex toys?
idk ive never used a dildo or anything like that
Like we all make do with our hands
just the vibes
SerNemesis: because you dont have to
Instead of using toy vaginas
or we could have like a gathering contest 
that's how difficuly the female O is
needs help
What's RPW's general take on MRP?
from toys
loll
I don't even know what toy vaginas are called lol
whoever gets more diamonds in an hour gets all the diamonds
fleshlight
fleshlights
We don't get along.
Oh yeah I do
I just forgot the term
i learned that from TRP
hence im more TRP than you
Yeah I've only ever heard that in the manosphere lol
Mostly from mgtows lol
I wonder who is the first person to conceptualize a vibrator
Frensel I prefer something more violent than a gathering contest
I imagine
a housewife
was doing laundry
another take on the gathering contest
Wasn't it used as a treatment for "hysteria"?
and was like "ooooh!"
and then bam
They were used as hysteria treatment, yeah.
i see
lmaoo
treat her anxiety
with an orgasm
Must gave caused a hysteria epidemic
you have to find x coal before the enemies find you or you die
hilarious
i somehow knew about fleshlights before the pillosphere
and probably effective
i think from reddit
"Back in the late 19th century, however, women didnt have this luxury. Worse, Victorian-era women who experienced everything from the loss of sexual appetite to neurastheniafatigue, anxiety, mild depressionwere diagnosed with female hysteria, and often prescribed a manual pelvic massage meant to cause hysterical paroxysm in the patient (translation: orgasm) to c
ure said maladies."
I knew about fleshlights as a teenager, but that's because I stumbled upon that part of the internet pretty early on.
Yeah that was a thing
i remember seeing some guy making some kind of pleasure station
i would feel violated and odd
if some doctor
hooked up his oculus
massaged my vag
DG69++
for science
jesus
had a vibrator
on his fleshlight
and posted it on reddit
as a matter of pride
I mean, it obviously worked, though. lol
his occulus rift
Lol fiat
i wonder if my orgasms help for anxiety
fiat that sounds like the Sandra Bullock movie
Omg griddy 
Right azombiekitten lol
Demolition Man
That's like a fantasy for me
Lol
MRP is not RP
think they had virtual sex
i want to learn how to wipe my ass
The for science part
DG69: of course it is lol
with three sea shells
filozof: i wonder if my orgasms help for anxiety <- yes
MRPers are generally insane, imo.
that movie came out in 93
sandra has always looked the same
ever since she met keanu she hasn't aged
neither has keanu
keanu turned her into a vampire like himself
for you SerNemesis 
"Bullock's maternal grandfather was a rocket scientist from Nuremberg, Germany. "
you should marry into her family
i bet he helped maked the me-163
i bet he was a Nazi scientist
a rocket scientist of that era
duh
"i bet he helped maked the me-163" yerp
you aren't going to convince your WIFE and mother of 5 kids that you are SUDDENLY some hot sex god desired by every woman. If you have built years of "our relationship is run by the woman" you are not going to suddenly trick her into thinking she should trust your judgment.
the doctors even had vibs for it griddy
and women willingly came to them
They think they can go from janitor to president of the company without anyone saying "What the hell? We pay you take out the garbage, not create policy"
14:03:05 <+griddy> you should marry into her family
Phew, thanks. Glad I found out that they don't agree with RPW before I went over there. I probably would've gotten confused otherwise and trusted them 
And they can't use the 'lust' of other women dread single guys can
ahhh she speaks german https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BK1GlyGdm4
Manface
in love!
SerNemesis: whatevs
They don't understand C/FO
 demolition man was ahead of its time: http://i.imgur.com/buWc6wS.png
it's radioactive, stay away from there
I hate the German rocket scientists
They did way too much research
I'm curious - how would the man in your hypothetical salvage his marriage?
Lol how creative
Are butternut squashes supposed to be really tough to cut, or is this one not ripe
There isn't enough original research left in rocket science
Thanks to them
I thought they were all supposed to be tough to cut when raw
lmaoo SerNemesis 
The face I made right now was just _
okay now im just watching actresses speak their native tongue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQOIWEPsvqY
It really depends on what the problem(s) is(are), how long they've been together, and what kind of relationship they have. If the wife never really respected him at any point - good luck cowboy
mila kunis defending justion timberlake
in russian
Okay here is what I don't understand
Huh, interesting. So even if she no longer respects him, if she did at one point, there's hope? 
I watched this how-to on youtube, and it looked so easy!
if the woman has gradually becoming more domineering but was initially willing to listen to him, there's a better chance
possibly
it depends on the dynamic, history and what's going on
what SerN?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-PDArBZrz8 
Gotcha
natalie portman being jewish and speaking hebrew
ugh
griddy: mila kunis defending justion timberlake
griddy: in russian
^ context????
i hate that i dont have a second language
the men should absolutely work on themselves (get fit, be productive, and start proving they can handle things)
I recall seeing a post (might have been in one of the pill reddits or relationships or something) where a woman complained that the sex with her so had become too mechanical and unenjoyable
SexyMcSexington: they did a movie together
press tour in russia
Might have been on rpw
hah bloody uncultured americans
but it's going to take TIME, which isn't something MRP seems to understand
and she was born in Ukraine
I can speak three languages!
RedManBearPig: it's so sad
He would go down on her and get her to orgasm, then finish himself off
if the wife has never been able to trust you to do things and take care of problems, she's not going to blindly throw up her hands and see if the H picks up the slack
Shouldn't she be happy he gets her to orgasm each time?
Griddy
Go teach yourself another language
Just do it
Malay is a really easy language
If you want to learn a new language
i know two languages, which is very little
i should be comfortable speaking like 11
all the slavic languages would be pretty easy to learn
11?
RedManBearPig: indeed
tis the plan
MRP also thinks it's completely fair to just hate on their wives and keep score of every wrong they have done....when the marriage is a failure in the first place because they didn't lead. So they want to pat themselves on the back without ever really giving their wives a chance to be a good FO
i already almost know russian
Tough but not Impossible kittenkajira - how's your knife?
You don't become a man by acting like a woman
then i should learn the romance languages
should be pretty easy
Just got to get the hang of the sing-song pronunciation of malay if you don't want to sound like a stupid american
filozof: you're Polish?
yes i am
Why were you going to go to the MRP sub Leraine?
I hate indoeuropean languages
why?
i like them
LandBeforeThyme: I think it's dull.  I tried a sharper one and it went better
So many freaking inflections
To memoriE
Kitten, was the squash in the video totally raw? It can be easier to cut if it's slightly cooked. I used to do that sometimes - poke holes in a squash, nuke it for a little while, then cut. Also I've always struggled with raw butternut - but I've noticed men my age cut it very easily, even if they don't work out 
they can be difficult
So hard to get fluent in a highly inflected language
the michel thomas method is the best
"There isn't enough original research left in rocket science" - what about nuclear thermal rockets huh 
you don't really memorize inflections
germans didn't do that did they
Oh yeah once you leave conventional rockets there is a lot of cool research
Nuclear thermal
Scramjwr
Scramjet
I haven't yet gone over to MRP, Phantom. I just saw "MRP" mentioned in some comments on RPW posts and the context seemed to imply that MRP and RPW don't get along, which confused me because they both have "RP" in their name, so I thought they'd be teaching the same thing
why did you ask griddy ?
Got it
Like I mean I can memorize them filozof but even with natural methods I tend to have a really hard time getting fluent with them
interesting that i haven't seen dragoness for some time here
It doesn't just happen intuitively
thanks for the explanation, phantom! i'll be sure to stay away
i managed to surpass her in stats
Nice
i'm such a procrastinator thanks to you guys
Griddy
14:08:22 <+SerNemesis> I recall seeing a post (might have been in one of the pill reddits or relationships or something) where a woman complained that the sex with her so had become too mechanical and unenjoyable
14:08:55 <+SerNemesis> He would go down on her and get her to orgasm, then finish himself off
it's a pity, because a good RP relationship sub for the men would be good
now my goal is to take over sexy
will take lots of work
14:09:23 <+SerNemesis> Shouldn't she be happy he gets her to orgasm each time?
Good point Leraine, it might have been cooked.  Next time I'll do this when J's home for help!
No worries. And you can read the stuff there if you're interested, just take it all with a grain of salt. They aren't good captains, and what you find there isn't what the users on RPW talk about when they speak of reliable men
can i ban yellow twit?
Is cakeaway your cathchphrase cakeforallofyou?
GOD YES
Omg, did it get worse?
I have been holding off 
for the past hour 
I don't know
nope, it's my "afk right now" nick
for when i still want the logs but am not responding.
she's 33 with the dating sense of a 12 year old
i haven't talked as much recently
I think it's probably a troll
i want cake :(
Reading the comments now
sorry SexyMcSexington .
why do you tease me so cakeforallofyou :(
That I understood cake
but cakeaway would be a perfect way of running off, just for you
Done.
She's lying now
She's like "I've never written about this man before!"
so all your posts from 2 months ago aren't about the man you've been seeing for 3 months now
where is this thread?
fuck you
it's removed
for being inane as shit i suspect
oh, i see.
yeah, she seemed...a bit confused.
ah. it would.
high ho cake! away!!
Yep, that's a trainwreck and/or a troll.
are you guys talking about the girl who was like allll over the place in her post about finding a good man and needing help with monogamy but shes got dating down to a science
yep.
oh lawd that girl needs jesus
she was so crazy
I need to overtake mads and witzie while heading off SMS and archie
Lol
she needs sedatives. 
coochquarantine: fantastic post and congratulations on your flair upgrade
<3 thanks PhantomDream 
You've been doing a lot around the sub and those efforts have not gone unnoticed. 
well it has been great around here. you guys keep me honest with myself
 /r/ relationships and /r/ askwomen just got me to hamster more. i don't know of any other sub where the community is so honest
SerNemesis: ?
filozof: i was going to ask is polish close to russian
Exactly cake
See my quoted question griddy
Polish is a Slavic language just like russian
I actually thought it would be interesting to go through r/relationship posts and write out the RPW advice in each case along with a summary of the problem
okay
what i thought
i was just making the conneciton as to why he's choosing to learn the slavic languages first
totally
because he's polish
that sounds like a wonderful idea. i'd had the same idea but with posts that get removed from rpw... like a case study of when keeping it real goes wrong
HAHAHA
Pretty close griddy
English is so awesome thougb
SerNemesis:  regarding your question
The interaction with the French speaking Normans caused it to lose most of its inflections
i guess she's like a man who has an orgasm every time he has sex, but thinks the sex is boring?
I just had time to check the thread again griddy. I don't think it's a big deal; no one is actually telling him to next her
i still want to believe the 33yr old was a troll vs a crazy person :/
worst of it seems to be them saying he's probably in for a bumpy ride
Pretty sure it was a troll
Her post history was too erratic
it hasn't said anything since being banned
Trolls and stubborn OP's that don't listen
those are the most common reasons
14:32:45 <+griddy> i guess she's like a man who has an orgasm every time he has sex, but thinks the sex is boring?
Damn
some of the /r/relationships top of all time are hilarious
I'd love to see rpw analysis on  shitty commercials. Like any where dad's are inept.
I want to know the thought-process of some users...they write a post because they need help and don't know what to do...but when they don't like the advice they get - suddenly they are experts and we 'just don't get it'
So you have to work on making her orgasm AND entertain her at the same time
 /shrug i just assume anyone who comes to rp to ask for help without a shred of rp background is a troll i guess
ugh that kept being brought up with my father and huscat's father were visiting yesterday
like why would you ask rp advice so a compleeeetely non rp relationship/situation
no wonder some guys like ONSs so much
they kept making snide jokes about men wanting mothers and men being children and "oh is that where he sleeps when he's in the doghouse"
ughhh
Testing the waters
little_red_: 
little_red_ it's very odd. 
land iirc there was a post about that a long time ago
If that's too much to ask
Enjoy a future of starfish sex
little_red_: which one are you thinking of? Do you remember?
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/1w66oq/davids_bridal_and_the_invisible_man/ i submitted that ages ago and we touched a bit on it but i thought there was another one but i cant seem to find it
....are you not meant to work on making each other orgasm and be entertained at the same time anyway? ::P
HAHA 
I remember that
I think people still want to ENJOY sex, though.
We don't watch TV, except for hockey games. Between the Miller 6pack commercial and the endless dad commercials it's nauseating.
That's why a lot of people get disgusted by duty sex.
maybe it was on trp or something that i had read, duno
yeah
Thanks little_red_ reading now
every now and again duty sex just has to happen, 
rarely
nice comment PhantomDream .
on occasion
there will be times when its just.not.happening. 
phantom is always on point and articulate lol
14:36:26 <Sunhappy> If that's too much to ask
so long as it's not a too common thing and you can be half convincing then so be it
It just seems like a hell of a lot of work
Though griddy might be exaggerating
my h and i entetain each other every time
and its been 12 yrs
There have been a lot of posts that point out how bp the media is. It's funny cause now I see that behavior and I roll my eyes hard at it. Has anyone watched Christmas with the Kranks? 
it doesn't have to be a huge production every time, but if you're both lazy/selfish you're going to have a bad time
the fuck
don't you people understand
duty sex is the best sex
14:40:58 <cakeforallofyou> it doesn't have to be a huge production every time, but if you're both lazy/selfish you're going to have a bad time
The scene where it's pouring rain and she keeps sending her man to the store over and over because he doesn't buy the right thing for her but she NEEEEEDS it. 
I think I'm reacting to griddy's descriptions (since she seems to be the main person who actually talks about this)
completely throw out all those feelings of sexual lust
just make sex your work
completely healthy
Which definitely make it look like it has to be a huge production
has griddy ever live dwith someoen for 10 years
lol
Lol fair enough
That movie was just annoying 
i cant even fathom. A would lol at me and tell me tough shit, but even the least alpha of guys ive dated would probably not even do that
soemtimes its a big production
sometimes its maintenance sex
sometime sit smakeup sex
sometime sits a quickie
I was up to my eyeballs in wedding junk at that point...I think it showed haha
Sometimes you eat pie
lol
lie back and think of england
sometimes it sno sex for a while thenits liek WOW SEX IS FUN!!
Lol
i dont think theres anything inherently wrong with weddings, i just cant buy in to the ones that are ostentatious or bride-centric 
yeah, fair
its a wonderful thing to celebrate love but when it puts you 30,000 in the hole? i just cant understand that
And I'm not against tradition or ceremony by any means. There are a lot of pointless things that I *do* simply because that's what my family has always done. So please don't think I'm some sort of marital bliss grinch
I have a question for you ladies about Camille's recent post on Dominance (this one: https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/). If a man repeatedly demands that every thing (from what to watch tonight, to how to cook things) be done his way, is he considered a dominant man? Like, is that what
dominant means? 
haha no
yeah RedManBearPig I don't mind duty SexyMcSexington
rofl autocomplete
Leraine: no
lmaoo
you don't mind duty sex?
U.S.
ya*
lol this is stupid 
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/41qmfj/have_a_very_good_ltr_with_lots_of_green_flags_but/
who cares about N count when shes 28
you want a virginal 28 year old?
you care about N count find someone younger
I end up enjoying it anyway. just like exercise
duty sex is the dumbest thing to me
right but is it really duty sex then?
duty sex is something a hooker does
it's routine/duty but it still feels worthwhile once thjngs get going
or a lazy wife
Dominant doesn't mean 'micro-manager.' He has boundaries, and expectations, he isn't going to roll over and let you boss him around. Depending on which TYPE of dominant he is - his reactions and behavior will vary
theres a difference between being a dominant man and being suppressive and controlling 
fiat, responsive desire might be the term?
ah I wasn't speaking from the female perspective mainly my owb
Camille will be covering some of this in subsequent posts I believe
SerNemesis: what's the issue?
I don't mind giving duty sex, cakeforallofyou
I don't think I would ever sex as a duty
or as a reward
Huh.. ok. Thanks for the clarification 
fiat, not saying you do. just saying there's a term for it :)
Was driving
Yeah, I am very excited to read her part 2
(for not being into it until it gets started and then enjoying it, fiat )
but i also think people have different understandings of what demand is. A would "demand" his food not be fried i guess, since I cook and hes eating healthy (we dont eat fried foods anyway) but i personally wouldnt think of that as him being demanding where someone else might
ever see sex*
14:45:55 <@witzie> who cares about N count when shes 28
He didn't bat an eye at the n count of 6 (or 10)
I'm perusing coffee meets bagel
it is the lying, witzie 
He is worried that her n count is much much higher
This guy I swear has all professional photos
like the post about boyfriends nagging, im still not 100% that her man was nagging, she may have just interpreted it that way but its a one sided story so who knows
Yes, and that's why it's important to understand what kind of woman is looking for advice as well as whether her SO/H is L or H
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/0gq4omZ3/IMG_9406.PNG
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/NfgSPf6u/IMG_9407.PNG
yeah RedManBearPig I get that. I've just had cases where it's more like I'm going due to ego or other reasons
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/oE5de6tX/IMG_9408.PNG
not proud of that but that's just how it is
It's like a super profile
I don't think he was nagging, and from what the OP said, I'm guessing she's an xL
he looks like a model, griddy 
I've never seen such a perfect profile lmao
PhantomDream: love that wedding post
He's like "I'm dr. Perfect "
maybe he hired someone to follow him around for the day and take lovely short field images
Holy shit yeah griddy
Thanks LandBeforeThyme 
Yeah. I'm not sure how to tell if someone is H or L. I was wondering if micromanaging/controllingness would be an indicator of dominance 
That looks like a brochure
Not a dating profile
*shallow field
he's smiling
that's beta
Something is off about the dude
I'm intrigued
Leraine: are you talking about whether a man is L or H specifically?
xL? You mean extremely low dominance level?
Totes going to like
it's like he wants to be beta bucks
it's a bit too perfect
I don't trust him despite being able to throw him far
It is!
It's weird
he *may* have had the professional photos for another reason
Yeah. I'm not sure how to tell. I know Camille said that she will write up in Part 2 about how you can tell, but until then, I'm just trying to figure out what the basics are 
maybe he's just a perfectionist
but the style is similar, so i can't think why he would
The basics of what would make someone dominance or not dominant, I mean 
Okcupid looked into it and apparently smiling men get rated lower by women
griddy who the fuck is the hot doctor
It is the opposite for men rating women
no, there are two slots the first is the woman's default behavior (she's Low dominance or High dominance) with the people around her (does she sit back or try to control and take the lead?)
the second is her threshold
because we realise a smiling person means they are sane
OH gotcha. 
has anyone else tried putting peanut butter on pizza crust
maybe he's a model, griddy 
how much dominance she requires in order to feel attraction
it is delicious 
He could be a model
and so he modelled "businessman", "doctor", "cute guy at cafe"
Or maybe he already had photos done
Not that odd
when men cannot meet the threshold - attraction isn't possible
I just had a photo shoot for my friends fashion blog
did you read Camille's post?
ooh
she does an excellent job explaining everything
So maybe he just has a photographer friend
and the comments work through a lot of initial misunderstandings and questions
eh, none of those made me think that it could be for another purpose
they were all very much portraits
smiling somehow is unattractive
because smiling makes a man look harmless
so unless he's got a friend who's trying to do portraits and needed portfolio shots...
Yeah. I had to read her post a few times over because I struggled to understand it the first time around
As a man you don't want to look too harmless
maybe he has a good friend. I've spent a lot of effort one some friend/family members photos
and am very meticulous about these things
Yeah photographer friends
Always want to practice on their friends
Leraine: high dominance types are people others instintively follow, NOT someone who attempts to control a social situation.
So a [L]ow dominance man, with a H/L woman is going to operate differently than a relationship with a [H]igh dominance man dating a L/L woman. Not every combination is necessarily healthy, or RP
Ooh looks good griddy
tbh though it would be better if "his friend" took some photos of him not smiling broadly
also maybe a photo or two of him not staring directly at the camera
That's all right Leraine, it takes time. Also, if you aren't familiar with Alpha and beta characteristics, or how the different 'levels' of those traits in men will affect the *type* of man they are - then you should read up on that as well
adds slightly lore dynamism to photos
*more
True lol
Thanks Land, and Phantom. That makes sense
I love how we're finding faults
Camille's post will inevitably become a staple on the sub in terms of how we talk about relationships and give advice to users - but it's paramount that you have a solid base first
But yes the angled shot is good too
otherwise all these details will just get muddled and confuse you
Yeah Phantom, I think I should take some time to read up on everything linked in the sidebar to solidify my understanding 
5:46 PM <RedManBearPig> duty sex is the dumbest thing to me
5:46 PM <RedManBearPig> right but is it really duty sex then?
5:46 PM <RedManBearPig> duty sex is something a hooker does
it snot duty sex so much as maintenance sex
right
when couple sget comfortable
it can be easy to go
tomoroow
tomorrow
tomorrow
nto becaus eyou dotnwant each other
I like that word better
but its so just right there
duty sex is wheb one persons doing it to appease the other
Makes sense
Yeah
Does anyone play 2048?
http://2048game.com/
lolol
Really addictive and fun
bannign ppl is so fun
th emuting feature makes it awesome
as soonas they cry "why???"
who'd you ban?
you just mute them
temp and phantom banned some ppl from RPW
ive seen it before but never played
and i was reading the modmail
I've played it - I was terrible at it lol
You get better at it with practice. One thing that helped me a lot was "always keep the biggest number in the upper left hand corner"
Oh god dh got me addicted about a year ago. I would stack up all the service calls I had to make and play hour hours on hold
make moves to preserve that space and protect the rest of that row
aah
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/0gevwnJh/Screenshot%202016-01-19%2018.03.59.png
it just makes me laugh
no respons ejus t"you have been muted"
Lol PhantomDream you went IN on that post lol
I think AtlasB should be president
yes i should be
ty
LOL
I got carpal tunnel or some crap in my right thumb. Worst of all, he was better than me
And what about H? I can't see him as... First man
i got 1404 lol
going to have to bookmark that though
it's addictive omg
PhantomDream, i've gotten to 4096 before, that was my crowning glory
Oh, I love 2048. :o
you see AtlasB as first lady?
http://i.imgur.com/qt3Mn5e.jpg
so true
ever since ive vaped ive been single
No I just think she'd pledge allegiance to H first LOL and then to the United States of America
loool
jack4ss get the peardrop flavour smells amazing
women will be all over you :P
She'd be in the sit room and H would tell her to leave so he can show her something
interesting
Effff I'm rusty. 6324
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/20/us/politics/supreme-court-to-hear-challenge-to-obama-immigration-actions.html
My baby brother is a math savant and always kicks my ass too.
Big deal lol
I hate when I try to be social and schedule stuff with my friends and they never get back to me
I asked her if Thursday is okay and its silence
btl
lets play minecraft
assholes got fomo
Dammit, I got to 1024, so close.
It's super easy once you figure out a pattern.
Mostly never go up and you'll get far pretty easily.
*ten minute interlude while we overload our brains with dopamine *
lol.
bardolatta!
?
the provincial loan office just called me...I wonder what they could want
im paying my shit
Are you gonna be a basement dweller your whole life?
Or will you go out and meet me and dg69 bardolatta?
Fiat too
Right?
bardolatta: come to canuckistan and meet me instead
im way cuter
we can all go barhopping
pick us up some barsloots
I've given up on fiat
I'm gonna have to doxx him someday
doxx BTL first
i think everyone should just come over here
much easier
i mean what's the point
You're gonna pick up bar sloots? What happened to ppd orgy
hahaha
bardolatta: didn't you say you don't have any friends?
Now you can have two
no I have friends
haha well that went well
yes, let's meet in london
i'm pretty sure i could pay for that
have a great day you guys
the cheapest plane ticket from my city to london costs like 30$
so i'm sure i'd pay to visit you
That's cheap
and since i'm an EU citizen that wouldn't be a problem
flipping hell you'd get from poland to london cheaper than i would from the other side of the country :P
but i'm not sure how I would pay for my living expenses there
i'm a broke college student
filo, dont do it
katniss is bad news
although i still hope one of you will marry me
so i can move to the us
shh jack4ss 
maybe sernemesis will marry me if he doesn't get his prime aged virgin
Depends
haha the cheapest flight for me would be 46 one way
cheaper than the train wtf
Do you have a hot sister or niece as a perk for marrying you?
i have some hot cousins
ooh i could get the bus to london for 6 thats fun
dont do it
dont be silly, show me some of that good ol' british hospitality ;)
i have a garage u can sleep in
Hey why don't all the British people meet up
You're all like neighbors right
find a fourth person and I'll go sirnemesis
K I'll try
DG i think most of us are actually pretty close
apart from me
:P
Too bad chirp won't be here till the summer
Omg Katniss_Granger 
You should totally go meet everyone
Brits meet up, bay area meets up, we set up a Skype party !?!!!?
??????????????
srsly 
bedtime
night all
x
i wish there was someone from poland here or something
still, i'm not in such a bad situation as susan
http://i.imgur.com/FZ4aVff.gifv still laughing at these kids
Lol stupid kid
i want children
.ping
Anyone else here from the bay area?
Fiat perhaps you can beat bardolatta's ass and drag him to the meetup?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEPvSo8bE2I
i'll probably have a break from studying in february
maybe i'll be able to meet you guys somehow
if there's one person on this chat who can make me fall in love with them just by writing, it's katsumii
rofl
Yeah filozof
Katsumii is pretty good at writing
she's dumb as a brick, but i enjoy reading what she says soo much
she's unbelievably cute, seems like she would submit to anything
Lol
Lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/41j793/my_boyfriend_gave_me_tp_and_it_was_very_special/
I'm gonna feel weird meeting dg69
It isn't often that a girl is more athletically capable
Haha SerNemesis we can race if you want
filozof https://twitter.com/Emmahdorable/status/680174852536438785
i'm pretty sure i could beat DG69 easily though
unless she could run away
16:20:13 <DG69> Haha SerNemesis we can race if you want
Lol no way
Arm wrestle maybe
hahaha that girl
i want one
Speak of the devil
speak of the devil
SNAP
16:20:13 <DG69> Haha SerNemesis we can race traitor if you want
FTFY
LOL
bardolatta: omg
can i buy her?
In that case witzie
filo, its wrong to buy girls
Lol race traitor
in my country anyway
16:19:33 <+SerNemesis> I'm gonna feel weird mating dg69
lol
Fixed my comment too
Hahaha
you know whats weird
a white man can make an asian child 
but an asian man can't make a white child
r/showerthoughts
Lol, witzie
What? Is that true?
Yeah, is it??
Can't it turn out white if mom is white
It is like the world wanted there to be more Asian children
Obama is 100% black as far as anyone cares
but he's just as much white as he is black 
Dg69 one drop rule for phenotype
white dads can make black kids but black dads can't make white kids
I see
mindfuckery
weird
It is why white nationalists have to be a lot more purist
And try to stop people from diluting the white genes
what's the criteria for a person being white
or asian
Hey.
I should maintain my pure Irish blood
Keep the alcoholism gene strong
if you marry me, we'll propagate alcoholism together
LOL dg69
*puts on pedant hat*
actually, in raj india, before the british colonialists brought white women over
the white men married indian women and fostered a lot of kids
then in the 1800s they brought white women over, and that stopped, with anti miscegenation laws passed
Oh yeah that was an interesting half breed comunity
the indians didn't want to marry the half indians (or maybe the other way around)
Still exists I think
so there's an "anglo-indian" community that's descended from pure half indians
Yeah
they have mixed english/indian cuisine, are christian, etc
Hey
I'm watching My Strange Addiction
Somehow I feel like "strongman" is a different animal than "detergent-eater"
dg69 what do you think of the irish language revival
Oh :-o is the episode new ...?
idk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Vr_RhO2IbQ
Thanks for the link 
like how they try to preserve it?
np
and still use it in gov docs and stuff (i think)
i know its really important to them since that was one of the first things the british took away
so i think reviving it is a way of maintaining their national identity
She ..... she isn't in the hospital of poisoning??
http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/04/belfasts-gaelic-revival-seeks-to-bridge-the-divide/275241/
Hi, madscilove. (I mean Tempestt in the show)
hey katsumii_
idk. I guess she's lucky, or hardy, or something?
Hey madsci!
i think buartha is from belfast actually
That guy's the skinniest strongman I've ever seen.
Most of them look like shaved bears
I haven't heard of strongman before
He still has a neck.
It's a strength sport
Lol - wow
My old oly lifting coach called it "crossfit for refrigerators"
I feel that is pretty accurate
lol
LOL
thats surprising that the protestants helped save it
It gets pretty all-consuming.
I went on a few dates with a dude who was into strongman.
We'd bang and then he'd go inject HGH into his ass and carb load... like that was a normal thing to do before bed.
omg what conversation did i just walk into
LOL, coochquarantine. :3
haha
"every word of Irish spoken is like another bullet being fired in the struggle for Irish freedom."
Maybe they had a strange addiction, too
Nah. It's like any pro sport.
Ooh
It is definitely not good for your body, but if you want to be competitive, you do whatever it takes.
Of my lifter friends, none of whom have yet hit 30
I think like... 3-4 of 12 have had hernia surgeries
i think its a good idea, esp in northern ireland where only 50% agree what country they even are
Or are waiting for them
Wow
Yep
Phantom, why did you do this to me? ;-; I have a slight wrist cramp from 2048 now.
I'm watching this now. Yeah, it's dedication
OMG, 2048
I was addicted to that for several weeks. xD
Oooh, this would be nice... program advisor for students. Part-time, but $30/hr.
Nice
I could work 20 hr/week and keep house and make as much money as 40/hr at the 15 that most admin jobs pay....
er, 40 hr/week
Yeah.
It may make sense for me to stop working after this baby's born, anyway. Bleh.
Child care here costs $1200+ per month
16:37:03 <DG69> i think its a good idea, esp in northern ireland where only 50% agree what country they even are
Fucking traitoes
Traitors
Lmao shaved bears....any on site daycare lot?
i heard katsumii_ showed up again
Depends on where I end up working.
srsly tho. Those guys are enormous.
I think my one friend who is into it casually is like... 6'3", 260ish.
Biiiiig.
I found a church that's $6/hr drop in, require kids to ha e vaccines...cause normal rates here are 900-1100
That'd be pretty sweet.
She did
yeah lifterofthings daycare is so crazy expensive
I could also get whatever certifications I need to run my own daycare or something... if it turns out I like being with children.
She's still here.
is your bf ok with the idea of you staying home?
I could definitely homeschool
Oh yeah that reminds me dg69
He wants me to stay home. He wants me to stay home now. :p
aZombieKitten: i loved playing 2048. i'm playing CrossMe now
Yeah you gotta ask in the know broads. Like Realtors, people who have flex schedules
I'm officially labelling buartha a race traitor
Yeh.
2048 is a good time killer
because he's northern irish?
I wonder if people pay for shit like that... private schooling at home.
i can get behind that.
That would be pretty sweet. I love teaching
And his partner a race winner
I love word games.
whats his partner?
English
no, DG69 , it's because his partner is English
and a TORY
tsk tsk 
of all english men
that is shameful
Yeah fiat
Lol
Same, aZombieKitten
this is equivalent to the adult coloring books imo
race traitor confirmed
maybe buartha is the winner?
he can pass it off as a romeo/juliet dynamic, maybe
2048???
filozof i bet his partner sees it that way
Er, CrossMe
CrossMe
linky?
Ok, yeah, I see it on Google Play now
its on your phone
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobiledynamix.crossme&hl=en
thanks katsumii_ 
Np 
His partner is the man in the relationship
Ergo a race winner
Lol, hey, SexyMcSexington.
But buartha is the woman in the relationship
A filthy race traitor
hi katsumii_ 
nice to meet you
i logged in just to witness katsumii_'s passing
can only women be race traitors?
we've been debating that. i think it's possible for men to be race traitors but just rarer
whos a man who is a race traitor
I think SerNemesis takes a stronger approach; that men are always the race winners
oh yeah i was just thinking buartha
but overall i think we generally agree with each other on that
but thats how the convo started i see
Buartha is a man who is a race traitor
a key that opens lots of doors is a good key, ergo men are the race winners
xD haha, SMS. 
Hey, filozof
Filozof++
a door that is opened by lots of keys is a crappy door, therefore women are race traitor
i thought the idea was that the races are like ranked
oh good point. i guess SerNemesis makes exceptions like me
and if you hook up with a race ranked above yours
you are a race winner
no, the races are fighting for women
in any case, i think it has to do with power dynamics and which gender is more commonly regarded as the invader
conqueror
when a race steals a woman, the race wins
simple
boys are invaders/conquerors
oh
white man + asian girl = daddy issues
have harder time adjusting and being adopted by new social envs
asian man + white girl = the boss
dg69 when did you become a shitlord (this is an affectionate term fyi)
i know a chinese man irish woman couple
their kids are gorgeous
what about white man + arab woman
depends on whether she's hot
what if she is?
16:51:30 <DG69> i know a chinese man irish woman couple
Awesome
Race winner
bardolatta am i shitlording right?
yeah
i dont like that girls cant ever be the winners
now im back to bluepill
the redpill really is not kind to girls
sorry :(
don't worry, the bloopers will console you
i think mixed people tend to be really good looking
i don't think it's fair either dg69
Of course girls can be winners
but i think social perception is just that way
You just need a son who wins
probably a large part of why boys have significantly harder time adjusting to new envs
when they move
Genghis khan's mom was a winnwr
Women win almost everything in trp
sernemesis gahhhh
whereas girls have no problem at all
She was kidnapped bybhis alpha dad
But still
A winner
because girls are not "threatening" to new envs
Right architect women do well by default
fiat arent they threatening to the other women
Men have to fight just to break even
think about how more threatening muslim immigrants are to europeans
taking resources
of love
because most of them are male
hypermajority are male. i don't think there'd be nearly as much concern if they were mostly women and children
Also dg69 becoming a wife rather than being relegated to the status of concubine/slave is winning
same as when poor kids move to wealthy neighbourhoods, people are wary of the boys
think they are trouble
not to me
the girls are fine
sex slave sounds more fun
easier
Lol
True
right DG69 maybe not to you, but that's how it is
yes, women can win the competition among themselves
that's why boys end up getting PTSD
but can't win against men
from adjustment attempts
No one said winning was eadybthough dg69
even DG69 doesn't compete against men
Winning is hard work
she competes with women
thats what im saying filozof
she is practically RPW
women entering my territory is threatening to me
But would you want to be a sex slave to a guy who loves his wife?
more competition
DG69?
What territory?
hm
filozof?
Being wife means beating the competition dg69
idk like in my hypothetical tribe
Like, a friend circle?
but what do you compete for with those women?
yeah sernem i guess i wouldnt want to be second to wife
friend circlejerk
sex?
Or social circle
i think there's a bit more to it. i think when women invade, it's less likely to change culture
when women invade your territory
well, that's the perception
Why would that matter unless you were fucking these friends?
the stereotype.
What do you mean "when women invade"
you mean #1 concubine DG69 /?
Women don't invade. They get invaded by men. Or don't.
well the female equivalent of invading
yeah i wanna be #1 concubine
drok knows
men are more stubborn to change
not wife
.karma DG69 
it's also worth mentioning that men are disposable because they don't give much value to the tribe in the form of children
:D
whereas women adopt to new envs or the new rulers 
and are high maintenance
.ranks
because they require women
think of how much more common it is for women to move with their husbands careers
vs the reverse
not an absolute, as women like DG69 surely know and are exception
but it's generally the case
chasingstatues?
.karma chasingstatues
.delrank chasingstatues
so basically, men are threatening to other men because they require sex with women to function normally
while women dont require it
i just see that as a result of the patriarchy and outdated gender roles fiat <3
so an influx of men to a tribe is worse than an influx of women
.delrank luxo
yeah but you see how those lend to the perception
that men are invaders of cultures
conquerors
whereas women adapt to them
more flexible, less stubborn
.setrank chasingstatues Owl
.delrank chasing
.delrank kalse
These girls have surprisingly little karma for being chicks
idk if women are less stubborn haha
.karma
16:58:34 <DG69> yeah i wanna be #1 concubine
thexanman?
He will still have a wife though
unlike many places this isn't always a "impress the ladies" circlejerk
lol
To have legitimate children with
what's the difference between a #1 concubine
and a wife
wife is #0 concubine
well you get to do things to the concubine that your wife wont let you
like what
why wouldnt my wife let me do those things
karma?
im intrigued
because shes a classy lady
.karma
hmm
you wouldnt have married her otherwise
cora?
you mean my wife wont let me do anal with her?
.delrank cora
I think that is partially why so many consider East Asian cultures to be feminine and middle eastern ones to be more masculine
middle eastern ones just seem more stubborn in a way
17:03:32 <DG69> well you get to do things to the concubine that your wife wont let you
threatening to a lot of people
Sure
.rank
The concubine is for sex
.ranks
what do i get to do to the concubine?
Hence why you have both
.setrank 500 tiger
Hopefully the concubine is a slave filozof
drok maybe you should do that in #PPDBot
Ergo anything you like
.delrank drok
but why wouldnt i get to do that to my wife?
.karma
because your wife isnt a slave
drok doesnt that work in #ppdbot as well?
yeah
maybe you can do whatever you want to her
You have to treat the wife with respect
but you have to be nice to her and stuff
to get to do it
Befitting her status
i have to be nice to my concubine as well
unless she's a slave captured in a war
Not if she is a slave
ok fine i dont seriously want to be a war captured sex slave
probably 
im rethinking it
I mean the ideal would be a slave
You can do whatever you like to her
Be as beta and nice to her as you like and she still has to fuck you
lol
DG69: ok fine i dont seriously want to be a war captured sex slave <- lies
awalt or something
I think dg69 would want to be a courtesan
that depends on what arrangement i'd have with my wife
lol sernemesis be as nice as you like and she still has to fuck you
whether she would be submissibe in bed or not
It's true dg69
You can go totally beta
i would like a wife i could be a nice guy beta with
its funny, like i was just thinking youd be meaner to the slave
and she would fuck me still
Lol
like you can be as mean as you want and she still has to fuck you
but you said the opposite
no, you have to be mean to the wife
keep those tingles tingling
is courtesan a whore?
why would you be mean to the slave?
its like an escort
yes, a slave is like your pet
Courtesan is like a high class whore
you wouldn't be mean to your pet would you?
yeah that sounds fine
Very pricy and might have a single client
Some prince or something
Gifted in the arts
Dance or music
no i want lots of clients
low class
17:10:54 <filozof> you wouldn't be mean to your pet would you?
This
You can always get lots of clients as a courtesan lol
hey for Prince Chadeas of Thundercock she might do it for free
lol
Omg awalt
Even the whores
whores gonna whore
DG69: "low class" <--- making up for low profit margins with quantity huh
DG69 is the McDonalds of the SMP
thats the idea
lol sms
lowest common sexy denominator
everyone loves mcdonalds
a high class whore wouldnt have low class clients
ill take that as a compliment
McDonalds has been improving
yes, i love mcdonalds
It doesn't all taste like crap anymore
and also see it as unhealthy trash
mcdonalds never tasted like crap
to my recollection
i remember how when i was a kid, going to mcdonalds was once in a year thing
i always loved it
McDonald's is considered a luxury in some parts of the world just for being American
it was luxury when i was a kid, i think
what has improved about McDonalds?
i always considered america to be the best country in the world
when i was little
(besides all day breakfast)
i like mcdonalds
(and I suppose the milkshakes improved but i miss the crappy old sludge)
i know i should care about it being unhealthy but i dont
I mostly go for fries only
I don't care for mcdonalds
their fries are meh
Same witzie
I tried a big mac for the first time when I was 23
i want mcdonalds right now
the burgers no longer call me
crap
Their fries are frozen goop
cravings triggered
mcdonalds wa sbeyond gross when io was a kid
an donly in blakc neighborhoods
right filozof. just by being American company there's some small guarantee of accountability
yeah they are meh, it is truly just a nostalgic thing I think
because Americans have that reputation
in n out is where its at
amirite
cali people
Dg69++
In n out isn't my favorite but as a patriotic Californian I still have to voice support for it
i love them
dont love the fries tbh
there's patriotism in california?
mcdonnys is better
traitor
you should be patriotic for the USA
oh actually no filozof it does not
in n out!
you can only do ranks in the room they are in
I actually have a fair bit of nostalgia for jack in the box, even though their food is the nastiest shit 
I used to live behind the world's most ghetto jack in the box
DG69: i want mcdonalds right now <- common fucking sloot!
Carl's Jr is my favorite fast food hurger
Burger
By far
eww jack in the box
ive had jack in the box and carls jr once each
not impressed i guess
I don't like the in and out fries either
they taste odd
jack in the box has "munchie meals after 9pm"
Same fiat and dg
we called them crap boxes
its because they use real potatoes fiat
bullshit
health crap
.karma fiat
no salt
The counter is my favorite non-fast-food burger chain
and as much as I support western companies I think eastern and mid western fast food is better
so glad my food got done just in time for this convo
not enough oil
like checkers and shit
cravings satiated
checkers...
ooh i love the counter sernemesis
so good
checkers haha
and they will make your burger into a salad
which i love
Okay then it is decided
Our meetup will be at a counter burger
yes!
why not a strip club?
or a brothel
omg a strip club
.delrank witz
ive never been
Neither have i
.ranks
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/iGG5c1Rt/IMG_4121.JPG 
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/1f3ImZRK/IMG_4122.JPG
ya'll can come over
go to a strip club!
I would eat that, looks nice
ok i'll play some minecraft
so dana doesn't feel alone
need to take care of mommy
I need to hit up a strip club soon. I haven't been in a while
has AtlasB been talking less because she has been minecrafting more?
yeah
she was talking a lot yesterday
yeh lol
im really tired today
i had to ge tup at 6 am
for a settlelment
im just trying not to go to bed too early
yeah, I'm tired too
had to get up at 4:30 for the shitshow
do you like mac n cheese AtlasB ?
aka, my retarded boss's fiasco of a cafe
not really
i never ate it as a kid
darn
did you see mine I just posted
i dotn liek a lot of mixed together food
looking
thats so weird
well it looks mice, homemade?
I only like mixed together food
yeah i just made it
yeah
like breakfast sandwiches
I like cheese on most things
i mostly prefer hunk of meat, bread and butter
It's never a mistake
egg cheese meat brad
altogeher
I like everything squashed or mixed together
even stuff like savory/sweet/sour - thanksgiving mean, each bite has some potato, some gravy, some stuffing, some cranberry sauce
I put ground beef in my Mac n cheese
It's delicious
Okay we go to the counter burger and then DG 69 gives us a private strip show
I like almost all foods but sweats and bread/rice
hot dogs in mac and cheese
ground beef sounds good too
Fair enough SerNemesis lol
thats like hamburger helper
maybe just don't like carbs in general. that's why I don't like Mac
bacon in mac and cheese
it has nothing to do with atkin diet either
I'm not a huge fan of cheese
rofl donald trump fiddled with the numbers on a tall building to make it seem like it was taller, so he could sell the rooms for more
mildly lactose intolerant, so I mostly stay away from it
the numbering system*
I'm not supposed to eat gluten
Like legit celiacs
celiac?
Yeah
although, I did have a big milkshake after work today
I love milkshakes
I seriously need a burger now
apparently over 95% of Asians are lactose intolerant
I mean East Asians
THE RHYThm OF LOVE
yep!
even half Asians are intolerant to a degree
KEEPS USSSSSSSSS DANCINGGGGGGG ON THE FLOOOOOOOR
and yet no one in my family is
I had a burger today
need a milkshake now
madscilove!
Lonny_Z was it amazing
I totally need one right
it was really amazing
local BBQ stand
yum
LALALALALAAL
I am afraid i would go and they will say "the shake machine is down" and I will have to catch a murder charge
Uh oh
move it!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYZ5pvHNbgc
YOU WOULD LIKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE A HOLIIIDAY
I'm tired too Atlas : http://i.imgur.com/yzDuw4U.gifv
i have seen that anime
amazing
I think I'm addicted to smelling laundry detergent and soap, but definitely not eating it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xu3FTEmN-eg
https://archive.is/AUfus
lol
Oh god why
Uh oh - just installed CrossMe.
sounds like feminist slash fic
-_- Quakenet
Omg, CrossMe is cute.
:D
It is. 
yeah. i'm addicted. i wound up buying the full version
http://nypost.com/2015/09/01/day-care-workers-had-young-kids-brawl-in-fight-club-videos/
what the fucking fuck
I kind of hate day care
even the best are inferior to a stay at home parent 
and the best cost a looot 
yeah
omg someone gave me gold
a sah wife is often cheaper
muh carreer
stop oppresing my
but honey
the kids
fuck the kids
Don't fuck the kids!
i really dont know whats up with them carreers in murika
like
gotta live near family
your economy sucks
and you are like
and give your family your kids
while you work
i wanna be a slave drone for a corp
madscilove: that's my plan
mine tooQ
!
Assuming the baby rabies kick in
They haven't yet
my grandma watched me while my mom worked
it was great
my grandma was taking care of me
while mom was teaching
My grandpa watched me madscilove 
18:08:18 <@madscilove> mine tooQ
Taught me Irish songs
Played the accordion for me
i thought your mother is cray
oh god, I'm never leaving children unattended with her
no, my dad
he's retired and also the best
ah lol
Congrats. :)
I like your thread a lot, btw.
thanks <3
FirionDarklight> i really dont know whats up with them carreers in murika
depends on your job, I guess
good night ladies, gotta get ready for bed
:)
Good night, coochquarantine :D
no
i mean the craze
is life expensive there?
This is pretty addictive, haha
but I also just enjoy working
I think it goes beyond just cost of living FirionDarklight and madscilove
it's cultural
talk
while i can still read
and I hypothesize that it has something to Do with capitalism/meritocracy
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/2mwkpv/no_incentive_to_be_feminine/.compact?
I wrote summary of thoughts in that thread
so many ping timeouts
something wrong with the server?
What measure a mother? Raising good kids? Where do they get to show of their good work? Too many people in the US have this attitude of, "I don't care to listen to you talk about your kids." / "Quit trying to live vicariously through your kids."
right fiat
they do?
i hate that
here's it's like
yes FirionDarklight they do
the neighbour's son did this
hwy dont u do it too
and blah blah
and my kids did this and that and that
not just feminism but capitalist/meritocratic values encourage you to value yourself in direct ways
yeah it's a conflict between traditional value systems
like ones that put emphasis on
role ethics
with more modern value systems
The only people who generally like listening to people talk about their kids are parents themselves.
like ones that easily get measured by money
Otherwise people really do just get annoyed if someone sings the praises about little Jimmy because he got all A's this semester.
hey chironex
sup
you'll want to see the instructions at the top
to authenticate with your reddit identity
cool
why
problems with trolls
and harassment
the bot will kick you in a few minutes
you can always rejoin until it works
no thanks
:/
you aren't from PPD?
got a stick up your ass?
its a fucking irc channel
dude
we have problems with trolls and harassment
so ban them?
they come back
so unfortunately everyone has to follow the instructions the first time they join
once they do they are good to go
looks like its pretty dead anyway
Fiat interesting post
well. fuck...
my phone was left downloading overinight and now im going to owe my ISp like $700
o.o
that sucks so much
o_o
What was it downloading?
wait what
it was playing a youtube video over and over
how bad is your ISP's data cap?
wb AtlasB 
well that's the thing
hopefully itll cap off
did i do it right?
no AtlasB 
wtf
you need to message Q
do we need this anymore
i did
or whoever the channel owner is
how to mode
you can't change the mode yourself
Q needs to do it
what?
.mode atlasb +x
WTF DO I DO
am i going to get kicked?
what are you trying to do?
guess not
uh the thing
it's "/modef"
you know
"/mode"
modef?
i did
quakenet disconned me
it won't tell you inhere
im on kiwi
wait are you trying to change the channel mode?
itll tell you in the quakenet window
or your own mode
no
my own mode duh
i didn't see PPDBot warn you about kicking
lol
lol
i did
oh wait it did
one sec
rejoin if it kicks
run /mode AtlasB +x
i did
weird
it said i couldnt change the mode
well
wtf
it tried to change it to +s
yeah do +x
then changed it back
yeh i did
huh
 AtlasB set mode +s #purplepilldebate 
 Q set mode -s #purplepilldebate
wtf
it hasnt icked me off
anyway it has been 3 minutes since you joined
yeah
It didn't welcome you either. Weird.
yeah
the welcome doesn't matter
the bot never welcomes me either
Normally it welcomes you to alert you that you've done it properly.
Right. I don't know why you guys get welcomed and a few people don't
Well, some get the "'sup" which is for +v and +o, I think.
We should probably all leave and all rejoin to be honest. Some people don't ever log off so I'm not sure if some of the issues are just for some people or most people
some ppl
i cant reconnect by irccloud
why is that?
It's certain people.
Like when we had the netsplits.
Some of us didn't get hit by the netsplits.
Irccloud has its issues sometimes, though, which is why a huge chunk of people sometimes get kicked all at once.
well, netsplits are different
that's about the server people are connected to
atlas shouldn't have a problem getting back on to IRCCLoud so long as she's authed and X'ed
It's an irccloud problem.
no its fucke dup
irccloud issue
There's a reason why I switched clients.
a bunch of ppl poofed at the sametime
It was like when we were all on kiwi, which was even more unreliable.
what do you use
I have an app for my mac.
So it's entirely separate.
I'm still on irc cloud
with no issues
hello!
i have to go to bed anyway
but i'm on irc6 server, idk about you guys
im gonna die
ooo
I think a lot of people use webchat, but it's not as pretty.
i used to use hexchat
it was good
but lacked some features this has
Hey, pixiedelights!
this client is a lot more streamlined
How goes?
Going pretty well here. :) You?
I'm using LimeChat for Mac. I was using Textual 5, but it was giving me problems.
Cold! Otherwise pretty good.  
is irccloud working for ppl?
yup
for me
not for me
works for Lonny!
It's cold here, too! I think we're supposed to get some ice by morning.
We are in for a wintery mix. Maybe some snow. Maybe some ice.  Schools are already canceled. 
Woohoo!  Love snow days
Preemptive canceling? :p
My hometown usually waits until the morning of to cancel.
It is for me witz, seems to be a server issue;  am using b0rk
so, it turns out all the loan office wanted was my new address
im having a horrible day
irccloud works for me
Yeah, we don't get a lot, so they jump at the chance. Anything we get will be gone by Thursday. 
god fucking dammit
"failure to auth and hide hostmask"
suck my fucking dick
.context
how many times do i have to authenticate before this bot shuts the fuck up?
That'll teach the bot
Probably same here.
lol
why is it even here
So many people coming and going
To keep the Muslim's out and freedom in
Am confused
why are you even here
oooooooooooooooooooo
yea that's not a good thing
Architect
To keep the Muslim's out and freedom in
because one day your bf wil leave you and ill pick up the pieces witz
Architect++
aw thats sweet sweyn
:D
im going to go talk shit to matt
Why might you wanna do that?
why wouldn't i?
I mean, one can justify pretty much anything with that question. 
Lol
lol
that's a good reason to do things
It's certainly an expedient reason to do things
.context
madscilove: witzie aZombieKitten how's your day?
ppdbot you have 3 seconds to lick my balls and stfu
My day is going pretty well. Enjoying some Kitchen Nightmares reruns. :D
lol, sounds tight
no work today?
I don't have a job. :c
dont you live alone?
No, I moved back home with my aunt and brother after I graduated.
Architect: ehh, worked at the shitshow kitchen again today (yay, no breaks or food). in fairly good spirits but so dead tired. 
they want me for an extra couple days through the end of the month and I'm really on the fence about it. told them I'd text them y/n tonight, though
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/u1Yp10r5/
1 sec
The party has arrived
.context
madscilove: hmm. I dunno, sounds like easy money
as long as you don't take home how dumb the manager is
I feel like that's a big thing people have to learn nowadays
idk about easy. 
.allquotes
mentally easy, physically difficult
I do enjoy the work, though. so I'm lucky there
Oh, I guess if you're doing all the cooking maybe not
i am now a super offical F/OSS contributor person thing
nice SexyMcSexington 
hi
hey nspikeu .
ugh the feminists finally figured out how to use computers for more than tumblr and are invading OSS
more likely they slept with their boyfriends but found out they were doing something problematic on the internets
that doesn't make sense
OSS is full of nerd hipsters which makes it a prime target for feminist evangelizing
yeah SexyMcSexington 
did you see the whole FreeBSD code of civility thing?
dstoo was pretty mad about it
with good reason
something dstoo and I can agree on
no
though i've heard of it
https://www.reddit.com/r/freebsd/comments/3dgrzb/freebsd_releases_their_code_of_conduct/
also http://thread.gmane.org/gmane.os.freebsd.advocacy/5404/focus=5404
freebsdgirl is the SJW in that thread
who pushed for the creation of the code of conduct
her comments are downvoted to oblivion so you will have to click to show them
See, the bot loves blowing
Hi PPDBot !
.msg #purplepilldebate say Hi blowing
Aww
Hi
.msg #purplepilldebate say Hi
We covered that PPDBot
.msg #purplepilldebate say Architect I would love you too if you ever paid any attention to me
SHIT TEST
.msg #purplepilldebate say You work all day and then ignore me when you get home
I'd love you too if you didn't nag me about my x everytime I joined even though I'm properly x'ed
.msg #purplepilldebate say Bots have feelings too
Peg
Bot is now peg...from married with children 
Am I connected
yep!
Yup!
Is the bot alive guys
PPDBot: are you alive?
does anyone ever wish they were men
bardolatta: I used to.
bardolatta: I also used to
Yeah
I wish I was a man ofteb
but then I realized I can be as masculine as I want
Often
so now I do that instead
But then I realized I would be terribly screwed in the SMP as a ma. lol
hahaha
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/403ghi/florida_my_husbands_ex_wants_to_sue_me_for/
protopill: Atlasb 
*man
Right madscilove 
OMG the channel doest exist for me on irccloud anymore!
I realized I can do whatever
what if someone we ban sues us for "alienation from their friends" /
?
there's a RP trope that the average woman is better off than the average man
wow, I'm actually really surprised that all of us used to wish we were men
Atlasb: Just type /join #channelname
but I don't think it's true
I thought it was just me
It'll re-add it.
There are certain aspects of being a man I'm definitely jealous of
maybe in wartime
oh like what
Are you all on irccloud?
But idk if I envy the experience as a whole
OP is being sued for being kicking someone out of a world of warcraft guild 
bardolatta: they can't get pregnant
yeah AtlasB
does lonely gamer have a case protopill ?
A lot of my penis envy was as a kidlet.
That's number one
Yeah I'm on cloud
I just wanted to be a boy so I could hang out normally with my guy friends, really.
if so JP whoregan might be coming for us
a lot of aspects of masculinity appeals to me, so I think that was what I've always been drawn to. I don't necessarily want a male body
No bio clock, no pressure to decide if you want kids, no pressure about whether to abort
I just like the male gender role a lot
The uterus is altogether too much pressure
Also the ability to pee anywhere without having to pop a squat.
I kind of hope to find out I'm barren
To take the pressure off
I would gladly take all of those things
Because, man, I almost fall over trying to pop a squat.
In exchange for infinite soft power
don't go all childfree on us
I used to really want one of those pee funnels for ladies
i need you producing half-breeds
Have the decision made for me
in my mountain woman farmgirl phase
peeing standing up!
Hard power is fun if you can get it, but meh
I tried to pee standing up as a kid.
I tried so hard.
Instead of having to wait for someone to get out of the bathroom for me to use it.
The channel is empty and it says atlasb is not a registered nick
You want soft power architect?
Oh, well, that's weird, Atlasb. :(
that is so weird atlas
DG69: yes. It's the best
Even when I join on wingn
I agree, soft power is awesome
Try a different client.
much better than being able to punch people out
Noooo
madscilove: exactly
I can get other people to punch people out for me!
Maybe kiwi will let you temporarily until irccloud quits being weird.
i'd rather be able to seduce a guy into punching someone out for me than be able to do it myself
We also have makeup, which is nice.
that's way more power
And skirts. So much air. :3
I do hate how weak I am, though
like, I can't comfortably walk through oakland at night by myself. well, I can and I did
but I am dependent on the good will of others
meh, if nature wanted you strong like bear, she'd have given you fur and claws, ja 
and that's not very comfortable
That's why I want a CC license.
I would miss all the reason and calm
I've isolated myself from women I've forgotten what they're like
vamp seems so miserable
vamp makes herself miserable
plus hypergamy is overrated
Weird!!!
we're not all miserable :3
The other channel doesn't exist
and even reasonable high-T women, well, like everyone said
lol
you want to be men, but you can't
you don't enjoy the housewife role
the only thing that looks like it kinda sucks about being a chick is bleeding your vag out monthly
that would bother me deeply
with the kind of person I am
Yay
Architect I mean not really,
I'd have to be gay if I was a man, though.
Some of us are calm lol bardolatta 
I can't date women.
Too psychotic.
she's pissed really easily, and I try to be as warm and friendly as possible
Architect> the only thing that looks like it kinda sucks about being a chick is bleeding your vag out monthly
I feel like you have a strange idea of women
menstrual cups!
it makes it so it's not even happening
Ooh, I really want one of those cups. So much saved money.
dg69 I know, high t women calm but they're hampered by bioclock
madscilove: Ill have to remember that for when I become a girl
hampered how?
you can squeeze babies in. just get 'em done before 35
ideally
That's odd.
right
(yeah, under 30 in a perfect world. but who has time for that)
I found out my great grandma had her 12 children between 28 and 40
madscilove what dg69 said
28 was really late to start back then
earlier
She made up for lost time
wow. Yea
yeah but I feel vamp is much closer to the average woman than you guys
I think 42 was actually the latest
gals*
I come from very fertile stock
nice!
sneeze on DG69 and she'll be preggers in no time
Sometimes I feel like I must not know the average woman
too bad europe is dying
and japan
Like I stopped hanging out with basic bitches in grade 1
lol
did you have a lot of guy friends
I was hanging out with boys and then girls and then weird nerds who probably don't even count as girls.
And have been pickier with the women and men I hang out with
same DG69
bardolatta: sort of. half guy friends and half lesbian friends
I'm not really freinds with any straight women
All my "girlfriends" were also division 1 college athletes too
I really only had female friends except a few until like Gr.8 and highschool
So I guess that's not average
Probably all high t
The girls I hung out in middle school with were only my friends because we all grew up together.
I didn't get along well with girls in elementary school. they were all bitches
whos suck
Being on a coed team, there was basically no difference between hanging out with the guys or girls
the nerdy boys were much nicer. we'd dig for dinosaur bones in the dirt all recess
Then in junior high, I had my 2-3 outcast friends. Then high school, I had my small clique of nerds.
madscilove me too, I had a few nerdy loser guy friends
did anyone have beta orbiters that ended badly
like i read a thread recently
a girls' bf broke up with her b/c her bf's friend is her orbiter
Can I just say, also, that the meanest, and bitchiest bully in middle school was a guy
AtlasB
Dammit
lllol
lol
bardolatta: all my orbiters were lesbians :-/
who got shot down
oh man :/
in retrospect I feel reeeeeally bad
for leading them on
the meanest kids in my highschool were the enriched kids
and using them for emotional support
The guys were just as cliquey in my school
Stupid Catholic school
yeah cat_or talked about that
I was the only poor one
The mean kids in our school were classically the jocks and cheerleaders.
i mean but they can't blame you can they
But it was a poor, small-town high school.
hm?
like it's not common
unless they were ostentatious about their lesbianism
well, I knew the liked me 
*they
and I fooled around with some of them a few times. I was kind of an asshole
ahh
I wasn't really ok with being into girls back then
so I just kind of led them on
dg69 i asked for your digit ratio already right
10:27:01 PM <madscilove> a lot of aspects of masculinity appeals to me, so I think that was what I've always been drawn to. I don't necessarily want a male body
being gay only started to be acceptable when I was in like...gr 9 maybe
Oook
What did you mean?
That was a retarded adventure
In this day and age the body is the boon.
No bardolatta 
how so, Lonny_Z?
Idk what mine is
AtlasB: glad you're back, lol
there's so little portrayal of lesbian relationships in pop culture i can't even imagine
The "gender role" is meaningless
what awk lesbian orbit would look like
dg69 is it under .95
When you can do everything a man can
index / ring finger
Except for the things his body can do
Ummm
Let me measure
you don't have to measure
like is it noticeable shorter
Then you proceeded to talk about peeing standing up and feeling less pressured at night in oakland
Lonny_Z: you don't get treated the same
well, I guess there are some advantages to a male body that I would like
but being a girl is ok
too
strength seems like the biggest advantage
Male ratio http://discovermagazine.com/~/media/Images/Issues/2013/May/finger-ratio.jpg
most of hte advantages of the male body require hard work
I never wanted to be a man 
Why would you want to be treated neutrally by most men and like a gross beast by most women?
I just want to be me 
bardolatta there's a bigger difference on my right hand
my third finger is longer than my index finger by a bit
what does that mean?
And then people have all sorts of expectations for your abilities as a man
and my difference is bigger on my right
am I a freak?
Left hand they look more equal
If you don't live up to the. You are shit on
bardolatta: what does it mean lol
While no one sets a bar for women
it means your prenatal testosterone levels were high
AtlasB> I just want to be me 
:)
You could literally sit in a mcdonalds and cry
And no one would judge you
I want people to judge me, though
lonny_z stop they want to be judged
Hey look at this new nonsense 
https://i2.wp.com/www.handresearch.com/diagnostics/extraversion/extraversion-introversion-phantom-hands.jpg
WHY?
I want a high bar to live up to. I want people to expect a lot from me
I like being judged
b/c a lot of them are smart and hate that the ceiling is so low
so I just set the bar myself
Yeh
WHY?
Winner attitude 
idk, I just feel driven
b/c they resent the male nerds gawking at the ditzy blonde
I want to accomplish everything
Yeh
b/c female nerds don't usually gawk at meathead jocks
Yeah!
It is so much better if you arent judged as a failure if you dont have xyz
I actually think that comes from a reverse attitude. I think women often feel like they want a bar and they want expectations to live up to because they have none
bardolatta: b/c female nerds don't usually gawk at meathead jocks <- wait they don't?
yeah but a lot of them don't think of themselves as failures
and a lot aren't
men want the bar removed often times because they're sick of having it 24/7
No, i get why you set a bar for yourself
that is one thing I will say that I appreciate out of my mom. she was rough on me and told me I wasn't good enough
I dont get why you want people putting a bar for you
sometimes it's easier to accomplish things if you have something to prove
to prove them wrong
to show that you're better
?
I have very feminine digit ratios, apparently.
You arent understanding
The bar is so low for women
Squirt a kid out
Or get a degree
I think she understands fine
lonny_z I told you a low ceiling is bad for people who can break far above it
And that is it
yeah, but the bar is low because people think we have little ability, no?
I'd hate to be a female version of myself
WHY?
because I'm better than that. I can be better and I want people to expect more of me.
there's no ceiling, it's just an expectation
Why is it bad for those that break above
nobody thinks you're 70% better for breaking the ceiling that wasn't that high
You arent understanding at all
b/c they don't get the commensurable SMP status points
they just go "wow, that person is accomplished. "
no, I get it. but that low expectation of me feels insulting
and thens tereotype you
it doens't feel like a free pass
it feels like an insult
I understand that to a degree
Madsci I ahree
:)
well, you have made a choice to feel that way. You could just as easily accept a low bar, and simply accomplish whatever you wanted anyway
Type a attitude
Winner attitude
It is insulting when people get surprised im not some blacktard
"You read that?"
11:52 PM <Architect> well, you have made a choice to feel that way. You could just as easily accept a low bar, and simply accomplish whatever you wanted anyway
Then she'd be a different person 
I "could have simply" not run for senior class president just to win 
lonny_z read this http://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/a-first-rate-girl-the-problem-of-female-beauty
Or rather, it is insulting when they think I AM a blacktard
But I wouldn't have been me
I want all women held to a higher bar
You guys should too
If you're going to complain about them
soup
I want all women held to a vertical bar
Women aren't competitive like men unless they're high t
Men don't win honor competing with women 
Lol
I'm about to be a woman at a bar
holding women to a higher bar requires women's selling power to diminish
Does that count
lol
Dg69++
dg69 but we do set unrealistic expectations
Oh sure women are competitive
like virginity and stuff
the bad kind, I know
I think women are more competitive than men in most things. 
11:54 PM <AtlasB> Women aren't competitive like men unless they're high t
Like men
Only high T women, Arch.
Spin
Lower T women are cooperative, not competitive.
architect disagree
Yeah we don't care about that bar bardolatta , I meant more like accomplishing things in life
Nah, a lot more womena re getting into schools now
getting better jobs
That doesn't mean they're "competitive."
I see a lot more women jockey'ing for positions than men competing with men
Men are way less inclined to move the goalpoasts just to win lol
I wish I wasn't told to run slower in the 6th grade to not hurt boys feelings
socially too
It's simply become the standard to get into schools and get better jobs.
all that crap about women dressing for women etc
But maybe the fact that I was made me angry enough to get where I am
Carkudo: what do you mean?
I was always pissy that a boy was catching up to me academically. We fought for years over who was the smarter one.
If I were lower T, I wouldn't have had that attitude.
my digit ratio is 1+
I hate myself
Girls will compete with boys
I think that has more to do with feeling invalidated and indignance than your testosterone level
Boys don't want to compete with girls
Nothing to gain
Nope
Arch, you want to look at the other girls in my school? 
No prestige in bearing a woman
nice freudian slip there
well, there's a lot of shame in losing to a woman
The other girls didn't CARE about winning or being top dog in hardly anything.
Thats why the entrance of women into any field immediately destroys it's prestige
so it's the same difference. You can't just not try vs women
eh not really
My coach used me to motivate the guys by throwing me in their group for practice
They all ran like their fastest those days
to impress you
or no get beat by you
not*
To not get beat
Because that would be the worst
aZombieKitten> The other girls didn't CARE about winning or being top dog in hardly anything.
a lot of the girls who work in culinary drive me batty
they're lazy and charm the men into lifting heavy things for them and doing the dirty work
aZombieKitten: I'd reply to that but it's gonna start a whole nother topic
was this a big deal
like something you thought about a lot
bardolatta has girly fingers :P
it's kind of totally alien to me
it's asymmetric, men with girly fingers don't think girlishly
I wasnt even talking about the bar for careers
Arch is giving me an aspergers headache 
There are all sorts of little things you are supposed to be good at as a guy
haha
That you get shamed for if you aren't
he does this pretty much every night
lonny_z yeah but some girls are naturally good at that stuff
in some variation
so they're angry/resent that they don't get credit for it
For women, it is just: dont be ugly, dont be barren
Yeah, I'm starting to get annoyed again.
You do get credit
He really does get on his bend that because a woman says it, it's invalid.
lonny_z if we lived in a robot paradise where everyone is rich I'd resent not being able to use my smarts to get hotties, and I'd get jealous reading history books where donald trump marries what he did
"don't be ugly" isn't *nothing* though, so credit where credit is due
He just says things 
Lonny that isn't even doing anything 
Lonny_Z> For women, it is just: dont be ugly, dont be barren
circumstances of birth
Meaning the things women are doing
We aren't getting respect for
For men its: be handsome, be dominant, be good at sports, make money, be a boss, catch this ball, have charm, have a big dick, be able to win a fight
And so on
I think he just wants to think he's won things.
You still see them as not ugly/ugly lol
women get respect for being good looking. A good looking anything automatically grants you more respect than a man doing that same thing
dg69 you said something about gold diggers earlier
No
it's not respect
it's sexual attention
there is a difference
how ppd made you think men love gold diggers
It's definitely not respect.
Yeah mads
and I don't want the greatest total of my accomplishments to be "having a nice face"
It just goes "She's hot" and that's all that enters the brain.
Yeah bardolatta men love vapid bitches
I disagree, but I will take your critiscm and instead say, women are granted soft power for it. With soft power you can get yourself places that grant real respect yourself
but wasn't that kind of obvious in HS
Architect: I don't know how else to put it, I'd rather work for what I have
And love complaining about them
On trp
I don't want to be the girl that charms men into lifting heavy things
I mean
See, the thing is you can accomplish way more than "pretty face", but if you fail, no one will make you feel like a worthless piece of shit
madscilove:
well that depends on the family you were born into
I will make myself feel that way
I was made to feel like a worthless piece of shit for existing. and in a way, you know, I think it helped me
I'm super competitive with myself 
I think it's what made me hard on myself
I think Lonny_Z is correct here
Yeah atlas
yeah, atlasb
Whereas if I fail everyone will lose respect for me
I get mad at myself if I do less than I want to do.
the problem you guys are voicing is imaginary
I set very high bars for myself.
I cry and break things wjlhile competing with myself 
I still have that voice in the back of my head telling me that I am worthless and a waste of space. and it makes me fight so hard to make something of my life
My learning style is frightening and incomprehensible my guitar teacher was terrified 
There was so much rage lol
haha
I once got angry over a stupid 98 on a spelling test as a kid.
Maybe there's less shame for failing as a woman but there is also less reward for doing what we want to do I think
he has a point. If lonny fails, there are tangible consequences for his failure. He will get less respect, and be less attractive. Women have almost no tangible consequences these days, but only rewards if you choose to go for them. 
If that isn't be a pretty girl
Because I was better than that.
11:10:29 PM <Architect> he has a point. If lonny fails, there are tangible consequences for his failure. He will get less respect, and be less attractive. Women have almost no tangible consequences these days, but only rewards if you choose to go for them.
^This
even if you think it sucks women are not respected like men are, you can still get respect
^
Intros compete with thrmselves
it's not like it's a conspiracy to not respect women
No men respect women 
Etc are you talking arch
Yeah, it is not like being black
You're making my head explode
Where actual negative standards aren you
Men don't respect women 
What did Lonny fail at that made him so unattractive
No men respect women?
Are on you*
Nope
I think if you look at the average beta bluepill, they bend over backwards to respect women which is why they suck with women
Knock knock atlas
Respect=admiration+deference
Thats not respect
maybe my natural low T is why I was in love with a woman for that kind of stuff once
the first woman I fell hard for wasn't particularly pretty, but she was super preppy and kind
wrote readable poetry at 16, super well read, could quote passages from novels at will
Arch, they don't respect.
she had fire
You could make the argument "they don't respect them, they're attempting to appease them", but I think saying no men ever, anyplace respect women is way too universally extremist of a statement
my friend ribbed me for loving amazonians
there are men who respect women in a different way than they respect men
I think some men respect individual women who have earned it
I can see that
but I don't think "men" in general respect "women" in general
men want to fuck women and like pretty faces
Or women who are masculine minded
Clinton gets respect
I was gonna say something about betas respecting women, and that I do indeed respect women, but by that definition I sort of don't....however I think respect for women would have different qualifications Atlas
Cuz she thinks and acts like a man
Who respects Clinton lolol
OMG this is it this chats going to kill e tonight
lol
Yeah, I don't think anyone respects Clinton.
She's a joke everywhere
Men may be impressed by women.
She's the emperors new clothes
But they do not respect a woman like they do other men.
She is a joke
I think even women won't vote for her
madscilove do you think men will ever respect women
I think that's a redpill narrative. I think it's very obvious that many men respect women, almost too much. 
in general
The only reason she would get voted for over trump is because she is not trump
She is so unlikeable
I really can't tell if clinton is going to win or not
lonny_z what do you think of HBD
Is it really going to be Trump vs Hillary for you guys?
It's interesting
bardolatta: In the context that atlas is talking about (admiration + deference) I do think men respect certain women
The democratic establishment respects her
We have just one asshole and we don't have to pretend there's a choice.
In the BP sense
I think it's a case by case basis. I've got my brain in the kitchen lately, but I think male cooks do respect skilled female chefs
skill is gender blind in the kitchen
The only reason men respect me online is because I come across as a man 
If by admiration you mean the romantic sense, yeah duh, but if you mean men make role models out of women? Nope
I really disagree that many men RESPECT women.
There is a reason why superheroes are men
Thinking RP, yea respect is male to  male or female to men
kitchens are military-like. high rank women with demonstrated skill command respect
In real life as a Realtor I have to overcome my voice
but you earn your rank
And threaten that I'm a lawyer
and you prove your worth
i think they respect women in a different way
Would I ever run around pretending I was Leia? Will straight boys wanna be Rey? Hell no,
definitely not a manly way
You can think highly of a person
Well yeah
Better put
And not have it be respect
There's no respect without deference 
I need sleep. Goodnight;
night sunhappy
Sleep well everyone!!
:)
ni ni
See, your definition of respect forces me to say I don't respect women
When I know I TREAT everyone with respect
omg, F thinks tina fey is sexy
.context
I can't even
Unless they are a beggar
how
Even then I treat them okay
It is only when they get rude
What does he like about her madscilove 
That I am not respectful
DG69: I just asked. quote: "I dunno"
I bet it's her sense of humor
Take that trp
haha
Or maybe it's her age
we're watching 30 rock
so it's liz lemon tina fey
can you recommend me a book on cooking
like a history book
not how to cook
Youre12:21 AM <Lonny_Z> When I know I TREAT everyone with respect
bardolatta: history? not really
like on french cuisuine or something
or a bio?
Thats the fake female definition of respecr
You treat everyone with decency
Courtesy
a memoir of what it's like to be a chef
Good gaith
I am used to that use of the word
I'm like 8% Liz lemon
Faith
Right
Colloquially that is how it's is used, often
That's the bp def
:p
bardolatta: "Letters to a Young Chef" by Daniel Boulud.
hmm thanks
it's part memoir and part mentor-like advice to young cooks
not how to cook
not enough liz lemon then
more like how to take all the physical and mental abuse like a boss
tina fey is looking good for her age and she's actually funny
yeah that's what I was looking for
She was a virgin til she married
hell yes i would find a funny or talented woman sexier
At like 27
what a terrible sloot
yeah I know
and she slut shames hard
hookers hate tina fey
she earned it lol
I like her
I'm not quite a hooker tho
wasn't implying!
no, but she was
:P
?
I mean Tina can shame me all day long if she wants to
kinky
Shame is just another turn on hehe
"hookers hate her!"
Lonny_Z: i think women are confusing men giving other men *another* level of respect with men giving women no respect
who?
SexyMcSexington: I was thinking that!
i think a woman can earn that manly respect...but she has to do something worthy of manliness
lonny_z women will never probably never understand how difficult it is to be a man b/c it's so complicated
like, I feel guilty for being shallow
b/c it's so simple - you have a normal distribution of beauty
i dont feel guilty for shallowness anymore
the people on the left half are condemned, sort of
its like you take a normal distribution
ugly men are given hope
then hit it with a hammer in the center
so it flattens out
and gets wider
then you tell the bottom 25% to go kill themselves
it's not at all obvious that most men are beta, and that's it's hard to be alpha
you can scan that fact with your eyes
SexyMcSexington> i dont feel guilty for shallowness anymore
good!
yay
sexuality is partly shallow
I don't know why you'd wanna be shallow. People being good looking buys them nothing for me
better to at least admit it
I take pride in making sure good looking people get ntohing
architect you're a grill right
the prettiest
no one is a grill here
LOL, no, he's a man
bardolatta
here we have nerds, MPDGs, and AtlasB
the irony of mis-reading shallow as swallow when quickly skipping between tabs in this context
don't forget little old me
where's the MPDG?
meeb: ah, you're becoming one of us
i can't remember the second MPDG!
:(
I'm sorry to say the process is irreversible
i have the sudden urge to shoot people with blue or red paintballs to publicly brand them on what group i think they fit into
brb
meeb++
if you shoot them with both
go forth and do god's work
are they purple pill
yes
or just purple from the bruising
what about black pills?
das racis
that means you get shot 100 times
like a black person
ooh
black pills get paintballed in the eye
obligatory: http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/349/990/304.gif
and why not just beat someone black AND blue for good measure?
can you guys read my exchange with vamp (it's hard to navigate b/c it's so long) I want to know where I went wrong, plus I'm thinking of leaving reddit forever after this
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40nvcn/question_for_bp_what_is_so_offensive_about_the/cz4p2gg?context=3
k
less boring than it looks i promise
although before reading it, I just want to say that where you went wrong was probably engaging with vamp in the first place
some people on PPD are just not good for debating
is she that hopeless? I feel that's disrespectful
they're hysterical and not arguing in good faith
I suspect she's one of those
but brb, reading now
I mean some people are crazy like questioningwoman
ok
questioningwoman brings amusement into my dark life
Lol sms
Sad
it just seems like she gave up
vamp, I mean
Ppd sheds light on the darkness that is my life
people giving up in debates is much more satisfying than winning
PPD gives me my fix of drama
If you actually destroy their argument they give up
Even Cuittler, one of the most reasonable and honest bloops gives up
It is not more satisfying
sometimes I give up when it becomes clear that the person and I have absolutely no common ground
like, sometimes I feel like I live in an alternate reality from some people on ppd
I just don't know how to debate with them because our point of reference is too different
Occasionally I concede because if I don't, the argument will just run itself into the ground.
people giving up means they've realized their argument is bad and they are trying to leave the argument without losing face
its much more satisfying
I don't think that's necessarily true
it's like 90% of the time true
most of the time when I give up it's because the debate has started pissing me off more than it's bringing me enjoyment
if they really knew they were right, they'd probably insult you instead
not because I couldn't continue, but because doing so would make my life worse
:P
I get into those conceding cases here a lot.
Because this chat is especially spergy and people would argue the same topic infinitely unless it's forced to stop.
sometimes witzie will come to the rescue with a r/relationships link
and save us from ourselves
if i think an argument is going to go badly/make me unhappy, I usually just don't start it to begin with
I know what people are going to reaact badly to, mostly
@madscilove> sometimes witzie will come to the rescue with a r/relationships link
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41q05w/im_25f_feeling_weird_because_boyfriend_25m_is/
loooool
"He says he's just talking and wants to be friends with the people on okc, but he's presenting himself to them as if he's single."
see
being woman means you can be this dumb and still jam out with your clam out in relationships
yeah I tried as hard as possible to get see if we had any common ground at all
#Winning
lol
Architect: to be fair, I worked with a dude whose wife did the same thing
and we did! I got her to concede that "a lot" of pretty girls dig alpha
Bad news bears
she was "making friends" on okc
lol
that's weereird
I tried to tell him she was probably cheating, but bro straight up refused to believe me
....yeah, they're divorced now
of coursse they are
lol
fuck that bitch
he's such a sweetheart
People believe what they wanna believe
well
was he ugly
sweathearts finish last
not SP 
witzie: I think he was really cute in a kind of nerdy way
and he's a sweetheart  
lool
his ex wife also went to burning man by herself
11:53:52 PM <Architect> being woman means you can be this dumb and still jam out with your clam out in relationships
Literally lol'd
and went on a vacation with a "platonic male friend"
How is she jamming out
Isn't he probably cheating
yes
So
almost certainly
I mean, she is being a sexual success
despite being dumb
lol, no she's not
as a bag of bricks
she's being cheated on
How?
that's a fail for women
Shes failing
Yeah
epic fail
lol
if she's getting LTR's she's on the winning path
men will stick their dick in basically anything
getting sex as a woman is no success
Losing
people will rationalize desperate attraction any way they can
she knows full well he's cheating
it's not sex
it's an LTR
Epic fail lol
she just wants people to tell her he isn't
you guys keep moving the goalposts
Architect> I mean, she is being a sexual success
Her stupidity made her lose
^ your original point
right
sexual success = getting sex
no
if you're a man, yes
sex means nothing to a woman
right
Right. 
she has at least 1 LTR
eh, I think it reflects badly on her
and if she can get 1, she obviously has had more
not being able to keep her man
It is not necessarily someone's fault if their spouse wants to cheat
So what is sexual success for women
She landed a guy she likes
It certainly is their choice if they choose to stay
get LTR's from quality men
= sucess
get baby
= complete
conspiracy theory, what if europeans hate jews so much that they're absorbing millions of muslims for the sole purpose of killing off the jews 
She locked down a cheater
What a champ
^
they hate jews so much they're willing to drown the whole ship with themselves in it
if she stays with him, she's kind of a loser
desperate
For real
that's how other women will see her, anyway
as was said, him being a cheater is not related to her being able to get decent men. If he's cheating it means he's desirable
she got a desirable man
he's now cheating
no, she got a cheater
she can repalce him with another one
wtf Architect 
Maybe I need to read mein kampf
he's not a decent man
thats crazy
But i dont get why people hate jews so much
she picked badly
getting a cheater isn't winning
that's losing
being a cheater doesn't decrease your SMV
it decreases your RMV
Maybe women don't like cheaters for ltrs
Maybe
yes, and picking a loser with low RMV means you didn't win
It's like fucking a fatty
this is a classic inverse of "men like vapid women then complain about them"
Doesn't really count
As a win
I didn't say she "won" with him, I said she was winning at her sex life because she can get high quality men who are able to cheat effectively
She can't control if he wants to cheat
but that being said
that's not winning, though. that's... her being a plate, kind of
she is not in complete control of his desire to cheat
At a point, he didn't want to cheat, she was winning then
I agree bardolatta I did say it goes both ways
she couldn't get him to commit. 
do high t women get preselection lust?
You can't GET someone to commit
herd mentality is a low t thing I'd assume it's less
preselection lust?
They do are they don't
you see a guy with a girl, a hot one
Lonny_Z: I think you can if you are awesome enough
you find him hot as a result
this is so common I've seen Vines about it
oh. no, I don't find that attractive
ok so madscilove 
if you're with a man for 20 years
and in the 21st year, he cheats
you've lost at life?
that's what you're saying?
I do not get that bardolatta 
architect come on
I don't notice it at least
++dg69
dg69++
architect: that's a different scenario. in that case, I think it's possible that he just changed
in the OP, they were together for only a year
which tells me she was a poor judge of character
not that it is her fault
People can't just choose to be awesome so blaming her for "losing" her guy is sort of silly
She could be the best version of herself for all you know
how does time change the state of being a winner or not? Presumably she had him for 364 days
but, she didn't exactly pick a winer
*winner
but do you notice it in other girls
I mean vamp said she did notice hot girls going for assholes, although this is more subtle
Lonny_Z> People can't just choose to be awesome so blaming her for "losing" her guy is sort of silly
^
bardolatta: not really, but like I said, I don't really have straight girl friends
I think I saw it some with my guy friends, though
they were popular with women, and it's sort of like all the pretty women just drew in MORE pretty women
You can see red flags...what if there were no red flags until this?
So isn't female sex strategy all about selection
She selected poorly
Fail
^
madscilove RIGHT
you guys are looking for all the loopholes
like it makes sense, and that's what's so infuriating
I am gonna blame all of hou when your bf cheats
since you're picking for deep qualities, and if you're not smart you rely on other people's reviews
you can't, with 100% perfection, self select out cheaters
Architect: we're not. we're just saying, in woman land, she failed
if he's a high quality guy, he can cheat whenever he pleases
that's how other girls see it
like, the layman gets his understanding of everything through the newspaper
You will be wailing "BUT BUT HE IS THE ASSHOLE HOW COULD I KNOW"
when you're dating high quality men
a lot of htem are going to be asshole cheaters
because they CAN be
that's why you screen for that shit
how do you know she didn't?
How do you screen for that?
by finding the most beta man possible
"sup, you ever cheated?"
I am shocked here
because she's asking the stupid question on the internet about if it's "ok" that he's on OKC
"yea"
"oh ok, no thanks then"
why the fuck is he on okc in the first place?
red flags
For "friends"
how does she have any power over the websites he visits?
That isn't a flag
That is like some time bomb
That is way more than a flag
A red flag can be spotted month one
I would not be dating someone who was still on okc
I think most women feel the same
Unless they are some kind of con artist
Even ted bundy had a shit ton of red flags
is she supposed to compulsively check OKC to see if his account is still active?
Stolen merchandise
Sold his gfs tv
Architect> is she supposed to compulsively check OKC to see if his account is still active?
girls do this shit anyway
xD
so yes
not compulsively
but give it a look at the beginning of the relationship
a month or so in
He could have deleted the old one and made a new one
F could be on secret okc right now
I mean, really, if you have autocomplete on and search history not deleted, it's easy to get into an account.
I think you are REAEEAALLLYYY stretching to not have to concede that this woman is both retarded and doing fine in the SMP
That's how I got into C's school records when he admitted he lied to me about his GPA.
Lol what cheater with half a brain wouldn't delete their history?
girls are snoopy as fuck
Or use incognito
He doesn't have to have a brain to cheat.
Well, I mean, he probably assumed/trusted that she trusted him
and never made an issue of his personal browsing
I know people who use entirely separate browsers for their porn habits and stuff.
you can tell when people are being shady with their electronics, though
I do
I don't use my main browser, that's crazy
fidgety with their phones, taking it everywhere with them (in the shower)
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41qohn/is_it_possible_to_lose_all_attraction_to_your/
tilting the comp screen away from you
closing out of windows when you walk by
Lol what fucking retard....
That is how that retarded bitch would cheat
it must be tough (no sarcasm) to be attracted cheater personalities
If I were to cheat, none of those tells would happen
to cheater*
Lonny, are you positive you don't give off guilt tells?
Because almost everyone has a tell.
yep
Unless you're a psychopath, in which case, that's slightly concerning.
we don't know he's guilty
LOL
of course he is
he could do this with all his girls
I mean that he FEELS guilty
not the state of BEING guilty
no one "just meets female friends while presenting themselves as single on OKC"
I bet what happened is that she was typing something into the search bar and okc popped up.
Unless she was purposefully snooping.
and if she was snooping, it was almost certainly because he was acting shady
or things weren't adding up
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/iOqniz5W/
I saw what you wrote, Arch.
He could well not FEEL guilty.
But tells of lying still exist.
I was talking to madscilove 
sure
but now we're forgetting
that she's retarded
and asked reddit why her boyfriend was still on OKC meeting girls
nah, she's just doing a very human thing. she knows he's cheating or she wouldn't have posted
she just wants confirmation to tell her what her gut already knows
Sure, she is, to not note any red flags that would show up.
wut?
10min ago we all agreed she was retarded
madscilove: lets be honest
you posted the link with
He sure aint gonna find girl friends on okc lol
"loooool"
almost everyone on r/relationships knows the exact answer to the questions they ask, imo
they just don't want to face what their gut tells them is true
Just women to date
And it sounds more like she might be looking for ways to broach the subject with him, possibly.
Architect: yeah, she's deluding herself. it is retarded. and yet it is a very human thing to do
A lot of people do that, though.
I've brought really retarded scenarios to my friends before just to confirm that I am having the right reaction to something.
yep
ted bundy clobbered a sorority girl with a log
the old, "I'm not crazy, right?"
Because I'm not sure if I'm just being a nutjob or not.
His aggression was a very human reaction
Self-delusion is common, Lonny.
>I've been in open relationships before
It's a classic defense mechanism.
why would you clobber a sorority girl with a log
because she is a sorority girl and probably had it coming?
What natural reaction is to clobber someone with a log?
I love you guys
but this convo is like mega hamster extrordinaire. 
Yes
oh, and men's natural reaction often times is to clobber people with hard objects
it's actually pretty hard not to
I hear those wheels squeaking
I'm sorry, what are we hamstering about?
I agreed she's self-deluding.
Retarded for not noticing red flags.
You are hamstering that her spouses will to cheat is her fault
That makes no sense
I never said that it was her fault.
yes you did
You don't have enough info to say
Where in there was that ever said?
madscilove did
If she got fat it is her fault
I didn't say it's her fault if a SPOUSE cheats on her
but a relationship <1 year old?
yeah, you probably picked badly
you said she is a loser because she didn't screen properly. 
It was shitty that she didn't vet.
If she stopped putting out it is her fault
^
ie. that it's her fault
if you read up, notice I said that LTRs are different
The cheating itself is not her fault.
people change over a long enough timeline
madscilove: that is like calling an injured war vet a loser
but if it's a short term relationship, it's a vetting problem
imo
lonny_z do you know about jayman
https://jaymans.wordpress.com/2013/12/27/yes-i-am-black/
Lonny_Z: I think it's more like saying that someone who sticks their hand in a woodchipper is a retard
Her not noticing any red flags that he's a cheater and then being surprised is her fault.
I've seen some of the it bardolatta
right, so it's her fault
I don't feel sorry for you if you did something dangerous and careless and got hurt
wow ok
she didn't vet
What red flags were there?
therefore it's her fault
Lonny, there are ALWAYS red flags to shitty behavior.
he's much more hardcore than me
his fault too. he's ultimately the one who made the decision
You can't vet for all cheating
but she isn't blameless
he thinks the difference in atheism between east and west germany is due to biology
Cheating is the fault of the person who cheats
you guys are assuming so much to make your arguments work
You are putting words in our mouths.
Too much
^
You are saying we are saying his cheating is directly her fault when we never said that.
What's the argument you fucking sloots
look, this is the same reason trp says you shouldn't relationship sluts
Yeah they just meant that the not vetting good enough was her fault 
VET your humans
Not the whole cheating thing
exactly, BeyondtheLight
She could have done things not to end up into that position
You can't really vet someone for cheating
You can somewhat vet
HOW DO YOU KNOW SHE DIDNT VET HIM?
no, you guys are just very selectively claiming what the ramifications of your arguments are when they are incoherent
You can vet for signs
But lotta ppl will cheat anyway
No, but there are generally other tells for shitty behavior.
Yeah somewhat is enough witzie 
That's nonsense
I refuse to believe that a shining paragon of a boyfriend just suddenly starting trawling OKC for girls 
you cannot say it's her fault for getting cheated on because she didn't vet properly and then claim you never claimed it wasn't her fault
I'm sure there were red flags
You never have a 100% chance with these things
So all cheating is the fault of the cheated on for "not vetting"?
of course
was*
No.
There are not always red flags
This is crazy
Did we just not say the cheating is not directly her fault?
no wasn't...wtvr
She could HAVE done things.
Not that it was her fault
you also cannot claim the cheating isn't directly her fault if you also claim not vetting him was her fault
???
that's a nonesensical dichotomy
not picking well = her fault
cheating = his fault
two separate things
He cheated of his own volition.
But cheating =/= not picking well
It CAN
but not always
yes
we know nothing of him
Not even majority of the time necessarily
What is likely the case, though, is that there was poor vetting.
other htan that at some point, after a year long LTR
he cheated
Most men cheat opportunistically I think
But OKC?
but he's looking on OKC 
That's not opportunistic cheating.
which seems like bad character
Yeah so he's a right twat
Like come on 
Maybe he read trp
You see that as a redflag dont you?
IF there were literally no other red flags until now, then ok, maybe it wasn't a vetting problem
but I'm betting there were
It's a red flag of HES doig it at the beginning
You shouldnt have blind trust in people
That is asinine
I don't think he was perfect then started going on OKC
There's definitely information missing here.
he probably wasn't
Not everyone can get someone perfect anyway
Right
There aren't enough perfect people in the world
someone cheating on you doesn't mean you're not in a state of general success
So people are going to get cheated on
But the usual case of something like this is that she didn't vet very well. That, or they miscommunicated somewhere along the line.
Supergirl?
yes
when people cheat early on in the relationship, I tend to think it was a selection problem
Being cheated on makes you a loser architect
when they cheat in LTRs, I think it might be something else
no it doesn't
It's the most obvious loser failure alarm ever
that's obnoxious
You're not even good enough for the one person who claims to love you, to care about your feelings and keeping promises to you
<1 year relationships should still be in the honeymoon phase
I mean, she specifically asked if he wanted an open relationship and he said he wouldn't be comfortable with that.
even a 9 woman can get cheated on
a 9 woman is not a loser
that's dumb
But then he goes on OKC looking for "friends" that he can meet up with.
FEMALE friends, specifically
If she's cheated on she's played for a fool
9 or no
yep
She's wasted time and resources and youth on someone who views her as a loser
She lost, but she is not a "loser"
witzie: this convo started because architect said that a woman who gets cheated on can still be winning
You guise are insane
since she technically "got" a high value man for a period of time
Michael Jordan won tons of championship rings
but yeah, wasting time and youth on a cheater is a fail for female sexual strategy.
yea, this is getting filled in "insane RPW narrative" in my books
But I guess he is a loser cause he didn't get one in his comeback
Jesus fucking christ
you're now older and uglier! congrats! you have less time to find your mate until your biological clock runs out!
Yeah, I would agree that this is a fail for female reproductive strategy.
Securing a partner is the MAIN goal there.
yeah but is wasting your time on the CC any different
It's also a fail for reproductive strategy.
So a married couple of 30 years divorces...I GUESS THEY ARE LOSERS NOW OMG
I think wasting years with a cheater is more of a fail, though. imagine being cheated on in your 30s or 40s?
Pretty much bardolatta if for reproductive reasons
Any other reason?
your youth is pretty much gone
Not so much
good fucking luck on the SMP now
You are a loser in the long run.
madscilove your done
After that
yes
scary
that thought legitimately scares me
That's why selection is so important
More for girls
Why do you think women also do mate guarding at times?
It's the only thing
ok but why aren't you guys more proactive in persuading dg to get married
ok but what if you're already married for a long time
For 3 somes silly aZombieKitten 
Lol
like you're marred to a guy for 20 years, he's rich, he cheats
he can't leave you
Because DG is going to do DG. If what she's doing makes her happy, she can do the thing.
^
when you're married for that long, alimony laws are very generous
I don't give a damn what other people do unless what they're doing is interfering with what they really want.
I mean obvious I'm not a woman but I imagine I'd be cool with it
In which case, I will say someone is being stupid.
if I was married, and he didn't spend too much time/energy on her
bardolatta: I wouldn't be cool with it at all
in fact I'd be cool with my wife cheating
in the abstract
I wouldn't care about maybe a ONS, but if it were a lengthy affair, we'd be having problems.
I promised fidelity to someone, giving up everyone else... and I damn sure expect the same in return.
the only obstacle being, most women (state themselves that they) can't be in love with two people at the same time
it's a sacrifice that we both make
Provided we've been married for a good number of years.
so an affair is usually a prelude to a divorce
Emotional fidelity is the major thing, which is why a full on affair would upset me.
it sounds shallow but I'd trade fidelity for 1. - 1.5 smv points
oh. i can love more than one person at a time (former poly)
BUT being that I'm in a mono relationship, we're both fucking sacrificing, damn it
:P
plus a woman would never take that deal
mainly b/c you have the right to marry a guy of equal smv, cheat, then take his money anyway
did you ever like just think all day about who you liked more
I did that when I was in love with two girls at the same time
I mostly just wrote sappy poetry
madscilove++
haha
i just want to love someone so I can stop thinking about at this point
did you ever figure out which girl liked you more?
yes
*which girl you liked more
not analytically
Poly relationships made me realize I could never maintain that kind of thing.
but just which one I thought of more over time
the fiery one
both were sophisticated preppies
but one was more maternal
ah, one of mine broke up with me. so that kind of decided that for me.
she was sweeping the floor one time at summer camp when no one else did
it was such a turn on
aw :)
god i miss being 17
the other was like a social jacobin
I had a bad smile as a teen
I looked like the joker
I was self deprecating
one time someone posted a FB comment that mocked me in a friendly way
and she defended me in the comment section
she was that kind of intense person
 <bardolatta> it sounds shallow but I'd trade fidelity for 1. - 1.5 smv points
went to harvard, interned at al jazeera, traveled to morroco, knows 5 languages,
I can't do that
I like my stability better
r u a grill
Nope
I just have more to lose
right i said it wasn't practical
since she'd fall in love with the guy and leave u
ack, you guys are the same color!
pink!
Gay
I could rock that
haha
i hardly think about her ow
now*
except when thinking about love in the abstract
i blame roissy
Definitely would look good on our inevitable marriage eh buartha
pink tuxedos
white bow ties
They are purple blue to me
They're a hot pink to me.
Weird
aZombieKitten: you are the same color as bardolatta and BeyondTheLight 
Also blue purple
do women get a similar disillusionment
like you realize guys are shallow
That makes sense because I'm also hot pink to myself.
epiphany
weird, aZombieKitten is blue to me
bardolatta> do women get a similar disillusionment
nah, I always knew it
bardolatta: my danish prime recently realized most of her guy friends are trying to get in her pants
I was raised very rp, in retrospect
I realized that after my ex who took my v-card dumped me two months later and had a new chick within a couple of weeks like it was nothing.
My cynicism about marriage comes from myself, that I can't see myself and my specific personality happily settling down
she was quite distraught for a while
azombiekitten that's awful
Never dating a super high-N man again after that.
why did you think you could change him
I didn't.
I didn't know he'd dump me.
Or have a new girl that fast.
no I mean, if you knew he was high n
Didn't occur to stupid 17-year-old me.
like guys are super paranoid
17-year-old me was just "Yay, he loves me. <3 I'll do anything he wants."
was his high n count a positive factor at the time
or neutral
No, it was just a neutral.
ok
I didn't associate anything with it.
I mean I still find that fascinating
Now I realize I should have expected very little bonding out of him.
that neutrality
I also assumed a bit that he was BSing me on the actual number (which he probably was).
how long did you date
before u know
Oh, I knew his count pretty early on.
no i mean before the act
I just found it impressive he'd even gotten that high of a count at his age.
Oh, a few months or so.
>  I just found it impressive
I think we totaled maybe a half a year together.
have you actually turned down a guy for his high n count
like on a date "oh you've slept with X? later"
I've only had 3 partners. I don't know my ex FWB's count, and my last ex only had a count of around 15 or so.
I generally never ask for counts.
i wish I could communicate to women male RP disillusionment in some way
it's quite a profound, colossal experience
especially b/c it's so sudden
I read TRP and listened to my ex talk about his former bad experiences, so I got the proxy of it.
Most of my disillusionment just had to do with the fact that I genuinely did not realize that guys could compartmentalize sex so easily.
yeah if you found that out suddenly it hurts
do you accept it as biological?
or do you think it's partially cultural?
i feel like its a sexual arms race
madscilove how did you always know it
a lot of the hostile or standoffish actions as a guy i take towards sex
is to protect myself from hostile or standoffish actions women take towards sex
???
you protect yourself from the legal system, what else is there
as a man
if women are going to be flighty, i'm not going to easily commit and take risks
i have a heart, bro
i can't believe it
and i'm done letting it get fucked with
wait how much RP have you read
i don't think it's possible for a woman to break my heart at this point
not much
i've put a pretty large iron door in front
so its not easy to break me
the cynicism has long metastasized
yes
it has even evolved
I think I would be pissed lol it means I didn't love her 
SexyMcSexington did you ever seal the deal with that old crush that texted you?
I just began to assume it was a guy thing. 
So I figured it was biological.
sorta Lonny_Z
And effectively just wasted my time
no PIV but she did squirt on the kitchen floor which she found very hot and other things
SexyMcSexington you should read all of roissy and see what happens
just started texting her again today
Lol wut
what do you mean bardolatta?
I mean I think if you still have an iron door to guard something
you're not cynical enough
azombiekitten so how do you trust men
if AMALT
if i get any more cynical i will not be able to interact with people well
what do you mean
I'm there
I vet as well as I can now and hope a guy will honor fidelity.
Be too cynical and you get nothing done.
^
why not go the full nine yards,
No longer interacting well
the full nine yards is literally suicide
be a born again virgin
not have sex until he proposes/marries you
And I cant be too cynical most of my interacting depend on it
That's asking too much.
because surely you'll get a quality man that way
Sure fire way to only land a desperate beta in this SMP
lol there are still catholic men out there
Actions*
i dont think aZombieKitten is super religious
Besides, my libido is too off the charts for that.
ah
I'm not waiting a year plus to have sex with a partner.
1 she isnt super religious and 2 there arent that many of em bard
I also want to make sure I'm not getting shit of a sex partner.
wait SMS you're intentionally turning away from the truth
She is limiting her pool bad.
those catholic guys get married by 25
so you can fall in love again?
lol
I'm limiting my pool by not being crazy religious?
i have accepted that i will die alone
What truth?
I don't understand the motivation
there's nothing else i need to do
I couldn't be insanely religious if I wanted to.
are you still looking for love or what
no
i am looking for myself, thats all
ok, but like 5 yards
He still wants to act human
I'd happily attend church or whatever, but I can't fake religiousness.
Not some stoictron 2000
pretending to be awkward, shy, lie about our n, make him wait 4 months
cynicism is not a replacement for stoicism
or - find a guy who's beta
but that's asking for too much I guess
lol bardolatta, are you a girl?
I am not going to hold out on a guy all of a sudden.
And guess what stoictron 2000 is more likely to be socially awkward
no
???
That's a bitch move.
don't presume to know how easy it is for a woman
i still have happy moments with people
so there's no need to drink all the haterade
Second of all, my preferences don't fit well with a super beta guy.
i've just come to expect less
aka nothing
right but don't you want the truth, the harsh truth
kitten yeah that's why I said it's asking for too much
vamp is blessed to be turned on by betas
I've been approached by many "alpha males" - all different types. Borderline criminals, hawt jocks, uber-yuppies, edgy rebels, smooth operators. I'm not impressed by how impressed with themselves they are. I see them a mile away and they have no chance - with me. I'm repulsed by Game. I don't know what else to say about it.
"
and the MRP sub ruined it
god i hate this galaxy
MRPers are batshit to me.
MRPsers mostly married cray women
RPW doesn't get along with them at all.
SMS so what have you read
do you still think unicorns are out there
do you think reading something will grant you the Truth
what is a unicorn to you?
i'm not sure how red you are
vamp is a unicorn
i'm in love with her obviously
Lol.
And that is even more silly
I don't believe girls that say that
You are in love with an ideal
At least we know women have faults and act accordingly
My ex used to call me a unicorn. Look where he is now.
lonny_z https://twitter.com/hashtag/whitegirlsaremagic
I think the reality is that actual alphas want girls hotter than a girl who is intimidated by alphaness
there are unicorns, you just shouldn't expect one to turn up
and you shouldn't become so cynical you cannot relate to one
aZombieKitten ???
bardolatta> madscilove how did you always know it
If I were a true unicorn, I could've dealt with the guy.
I think my mom told me that all men just want sex from you at a pretty young age
ah
got it
and that it was important to be pretty and thin
because that's what men like
what do you mean dealt with the guy
really?
Eh, the story is long and tedious.
But he had a lot of faults.
tl;dr
not alpha enough
?
Well, sort of.
More like he went full omega.
no job?
More than that.
to me alpha is behavioral only,
mental illness?
I'll just TL;DR that the entire IRC was yelling at me to elave.
*leave
wtf is #WhiteGirlsAreMagic
RP and BP alike.
Why are you showing me that bardolatta ?
you said you don't believe vamp
the long paragraph I pasted
looks like some anti-immigration backlash from europe
it was a sarcastic reply
my point is, black women are higher T and dig alphas a lot more than white women
white women who dig the full beta are rare already
I was saying she probably likes alphas but she is intimidated by that much mascuo
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41qbfb/even_the_higher_smv_30_year_old_guys_cant_get/cz4bqkq
Masculinity*
right, and I'm saying she's not
Is this kid really 23?
alpha in the sheets, beta in the street
Yes black women DEMAND alphas
right
Not one black beta is getting laid
my point is you've probably been surrounded by black women so those are your expectations
By whites and blacks alike
I grew up with whites/asians, some of them really don't like it
Argh... I have to clean up puppy poop now.
high T women are for really high T men
at least you get puppy kisses as payment?
rest of us don't want to deal with that shit
No, he just bites.
I need to troll #whitegirlsaremagic
put some pretty white girl pics
Little asshole walked in here, pooped on my floor, and then left.
and my pic
"i <3 my girlfriend"
SMS are you black?
"we are going to have so many kids!"
brown
indian?
yup
how do you feel about all the indian girls
riding the white CC then marrying indian doctors
when they hit 30
from india or westernized?
western
I'll link you the threads
they're about the same as any other girl
ok
i really don't care about race when i date
i've been exposed to all of them at this point
So you would marry a black girl?
yeah i could see it
i would have said no many years ago
then i met some not-ugly black women
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/3gifcl/indian_girl_marries_a_beta_indian_guy_after/
that weren't up in my face
i'm well aware that westernized indian women do same shit white women do after they get away from the parents
not all, but plenty
right, lonny_z i remember I saw my college roommate have a hot gf firsthand
he was super beta, they broke up b/c it was long distance, but he got laid
I'd totally forgotten about them until now
its the same thing asian women do
though honestly i think its worse with them
one of my high school friends just got engaged to another brownie from his church
What about your roommate? Why are you bringing that up?
that's going to be a dying breed
I need Frebreeze.
Jesus
that unicorns are real
puppy power
and that vamp isn't intimidated by alpha guys
just doesn't like them
same as dealing with alpha chicks
they just annoy me now
dude you sound like a girl here
so
Oh, I know they are real
They are just like 1% of attractive women
And then it is all relative
Puppy power is eating rice and then leaving terrible smelling dumps on my floor.
i'd put it at 5% for whites, maybe 20% for asians
aZombieKitten: wouldn't those be
Haha
rice dumplings
D:
NOOOOOOOOOO
I got dadjoked on dog poop.
Last girl I was with commented on how alpha I was compared to other hipster dudes because I had a pocket knife
Dammit.
LOLOL
what race was she
White
Well, that's enough internet for the night. lol
"pocket knife" lmao,
i'm dying
Pocket knife?
Where was she from?
lol really a pocket knife
what class
Here, pocket knives are standard as hell.
she must have been suburbuan white
Urban alabama
ah
In fact, you're weird if you don't have a pocket knife here.
urban or suburban
lots of urban places are just upscale suburban
ok enough for the night, good night everyone, SMS I hope you read the roissy archive and come back a vampire
lol
read it chronoically
i got my unicorn and i got my vidya games
i want to hear your howls of despair
hah, good try with that
bit too edgelordy
Yeah
Eww.
That was weird.
Meanwhile believes in unicorns
He drank too much aid
yes
and he calls that truth
he's just blinded in a different way
do the rest of us not believe in unicorns?
if brown girls and asian girls wanna all jump on the white CC, they can go ahead
i'll just go race-winning
in fact, i have yet to have sex with a brown chick
that being said i think fetishizing white chicks is also dumb
Unicorns are so incredibly rare they may as well not exist.
I dont for one Architect 
That is just setting yourself up for failure
unicorns are there, but don't act like they are
unicorns as in people who are particularly different than the rest of their gender?
If you do get a unicorn, don't hail her as though she is one.
Dont chase the dragon man.
you guys are weird tonight
yeah
that's how you spook the unicorn
and the MPDG too
the girl i was texting is a complete MPDG
but i ignore that and it goes better
That's actually part of why my ex and I could never ever work again even if he got his shit together.
you cant pedestalize
He just totally and completely told me that he would never find anyone as good as me again, that I was too perfect and set the bar too high.
Architect> you guys are weird tonight
women like to be taken down a notch at appropriate intervals
aren't we weird every night?
yup
no
I mean
I'd say we're always weirdos.
Yo meeb I lost your quote and dont feel like scrolling  back
most nights there is not this much detachment from reality I feel
Tell it again to madscilove 
we're all a bunch of weirdos though
normies get out!
No way man I am the most normalest here
you guys honestly think AWALT is absolute?
DG?
I bet you have it written down somewhere just for this occasion meeb 
DG69?
You cant fool me
Ooh, it's a wintry mix right now. :3
Who said AWALT is absolute?
awalt is a heurestic
well everyone just claimed there is no such thing as unicorns
not a determination of fact
which is obviously not true
Nope just dont chase an ideal
.....
That is what I said
We all just said there are unicorns
I said they're rare.
Also not to assume you have one.
unicorns are like, "the perfect woman" right? 
I said they are 1%
I don't think that exists
Or pedestalize them.
That doesnt mean they arent out there
Just dont put all your eggs on it
no one's perfect. everyone's flawed
unicorn seems to more often refer to a person who is different from their gender in a positive way
Right madscilove 
I am a pretty flawed person I just know it
No, the unicorn is basically the perfect woman.
ok, well, I don't think anyone thinks unicorns are 100% perfect divine creations
Is not bothered by any of your faults, will stand by you for whatever, doesn't consider hypergamy, etc.
unicorn  perfect
Right
unicorn = damn good enough
I know what goes wrong and what will go wrong and I think it is fair to expect that from my partner
unicorn is like the anti-AWALT
a unicorn doesn't mean she's perfect
it means she's peculiar
I knew one unicorn
it means running game is nice but not necessary
Perfect is a figurative thing Architect 
That I can confirm
You are taking these things too literal
It means she is probably never going to do you wrong.
and a unicorn turns into AWALT once she dumps you
that is what you're supposed to avoid
^ Much like what happened to my ex.
being blinded by your supposed unicorn
Well, right, I mean a woman who specifically loves my terrible sweaters and girly hands is a unicorn 
as far as im concerned
hey girly hands are great
Right
they are the best at fingering girls
That is all there is to it
Clumsy girly hands are unsexy
clumsy hands are unsexy
who looks at hands?
women
I have no idea what anyone's hands look like
I just don't notice
AWALT i declare!
Gonna get ratio surgery and finger thickening fillers
lol
atlasb would approve
I just notice if their hands fit well with mine.
Not if they're girly.
Men with girly hands lack dexterity
lol wtf
my girly hands are very dextrous
It's true
Don't women have higher dexterity, though?
It has to do with testosterone
ask my joystick, my other joystick, and my partners
and my mouse
Let me get a pic of those hands
SexyMcSexington: let's trade pics
Yeah, dexterity is swung in favor of women.
its in #picswap
I don't use that
Pm me
It's why we're better at knitting, sewing, etc.
I don't think that is what dexterity is, solely
Isn't it also about hand eye coordination?
Which is a T trait
I never had that issue
But that must be because we have pretty good dex in our family
My little sister is especially fast its ridiculous
True, but the main dexterity that people generally refer to is the kind that favors women.
She should have went on a martial arts the moron
morrninngggg
niiiiiight
wakey wakey eggs and bakey
I just say, the manlier the hands, the better a man is at catching balls and carpentry and generally not being clumsy
That's male dexterity
hand/eye is not the same as dexerity
Sure.
Kay
But hand-eye isn't dexterity, really.
It's considered coordination.
Dexterity is primarily hands.
I always thought it was, may be wrong then
And it mainly swings to women because a lot of dexterous tasks involve very fine motor skills with object snormally too small for regular man hands.
Kind of like how women can handle phones with very small keys much better than men. 
Fingers aren't fudging things as much, which is considered a part of dexterity.
my mom always asks me for help if she can't thread a needle
I have little tiny baby hands, though, but I'm surprisingly not incredibly dexterous (at least based on the tasks I've tried).
Hahah SexyMcSexington mine did too when I was little
Dexterity doesn't make as much sense as a stat in Dark Souls then
To help your character use certain weapons
There ain't no needle and thread
Coordination doesn't sound as cool.
yup
Dexterity is usually just your skillfulness in using hands
Yep
Your*
I can't stand anime tropes. 
I like amine  troops
lol
I really fucking hate anime, but I decided to check out some of the best ones
the crazy inflections and long scenes of people staring at each other are obnoxious
it grows on you
I love anime
Chinese cartoons
Architect if you want an anime that will rip your heart out of your chest and stomp on it
watch Grave of the Fireflies
ive never heard of that one
im watching Evangelion right now
Can you imagine i took mdma 3 weeks ago and i still feel jaw clenching?
That stuff is strong
If you have to watch that anime stuff try one punch man Architect 
That shit is actually funny
Makin fun of all the anime tropes
lol, i may check these out
And maybe the older animes  like berserk or gungrave
But other than that there isnt much to watch
Its all cringey and awkward
or really complicated
I watched Ghost in the Shell and I wa slike "wut" the whole time
filozof: buy some magnesium-supplements
I know, i have magnesium
500mg / day should do it
If i didnt take it regularly i imagine i would be much worse
500 is a lot
One pill i have is 50mg
Yeah idk Architect I only watched the good ones and that was when I was younger
All I know now its fanservice basically the betamale harem shit
The ones where you physically cringe at 
At this point I think my descendants will inherit cringe for generations
lol, I mean when I grew up, the anime we had wasn't that bad. We had dragon ball z, gundam wing, and escaflowne
but so much anime is cringe now. 
anyways, bedtime
filozof smoke weed
For jaw clenching
Well, its not that painful, just annoying
Im just impressed by how long it lasts
50mg doesn't help
you need at least 250mg-500mg for any effect at all
Back in the day when I did molly I took about 1g of magnesium before hand and 500mg afterwards
didn't have ANY clenching at all
but on the other hand I took a lot of other stuff as well
Architect> I watched Ghost in the Shell and I wa slike "wut" the whole time---> this is how you know you are watching good anime
https://www.reddit.com/r/pocketsand oh reddit
"Hi, I'm new to this sub and really like the idea of carrying a pocket full of sand"
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41nwlk/update_my_26f_moms_54f_plan_to_surprise_my_dad/
when you dont give your wife enough comfort and make her feel special at times
shit hits the fan
soup redman
soup is the best
lol that thread
susandeath can you give me a tl:dr?
Seriously
Am not reading
"Dear, did you get Daniel and his family?" "No dear. But I got you something else that starts with a d..."
RedMan, shitty marriage, husband asks wife to pick up Daniel at the airport, wife plans to strand Daniel and serve husband divorce papers on that day
stay at home mom and wife feels underappreciated and not loved by husband who never compliments her efforts and only yells when stuff is not done.  She leaves the house while he is on a business trip, makes no arrangements for dad's friends to have hotel rooms and puts an easel up in the hallway with a big sign on it that says DIVORCE and the papers
so dad's friend gets the news first
damn
while dad is on layover in another city
beta comfort is necessary to keep wives happy
sounds like he never gave his wife enough
its a balance
too much
she walks over you
too little
she walks out on you
what about thickness?
girth?
huh?
Crakudo are you making dick jokes?
why do you have to make this awkward, Susan?
Sucks for dad
yeah BTL I agree it does suck for him
I mean from his side he is probably stressed working all day and expects his team mate to have her share of the work done
I imagine that that is what went through his head
That working was enough
But it rarely is
I actually makes me wonder if she did ever do anything to comfort him
People in relationships too often take each other for granted
in his head 
he is working and providing a home etc
and he never thinks to say
thank
*thanks
and in her head
he is this grumpy guy that doesnt ever say thanks for the stuff she doed
and he probably thinks she is not grateful cause the dinner is not ready when he comes home
right
a lack of communication really
thats why you have to do stuff to keep your partner feeling cared for
like my mom
if my dad had to work late
you can be sure the next day he would get cauliflower and cheese sauce as part of his dinner
you know I can totally imagine this chinese guy stabbing his wife after this
and my mom hated making that the smell made her feel ill
but
she did it for my dad
right
as a way to say
Thank you
For youe sacrifices haha
for what?
I love yuou and tyhanks for working hard to provide for us
yeah
Yip
Yup*
oh
and my dad
he would sometimes cook dinner and wash the dishes so my mom could have a small break
or he would take her on a date
as  a way to say I love and thanks for all you do
they have an incredible relationship
My parents did the same haha
and its made up of these small things they do for each other to remind them they love each otehr
They rarely argued
I can remember only one fight my parenst ever had
The only times they had to argue were for serious and important stuff
they may have disagreed about other stuff
but they didnt do it in front of us
in front of us they were a team
except that one time
Not stuff like dinner isnt ready
when my mom was working as a teacher full time again and still doing all the house work
and she was just tired
and they had a bit of an argument
and she broke a plate by slamming it on the table
us kids cleanned the whole house from top to bottome for the rest of the 3 weeks she taught
so she wouldnt do that again
I remember
we had a midnight kids conference
about how scary that was
and it can never happen again
damn
Haha
yeah
I understand why you value your family so much
I am lucky
You operated like a unit
yep
we do less so now that we are older
we are a bit fractured
ofcourse
this is normal
but I have at least 3 brothers and a sister
and my parents
who have my back
in any situation
that's really nice
yeah I am lucky
That's a sweet sibling story susandeath 
thanks DG
My parents weren't terrible or or anything
But I'm so grateful for my siblings
To go through do much together
So*
yeah siblings are awesome
You can have my sister haha
why
what is wrong with her?
She is a brat
You canhave her haha
I will even ship her in a box to you 
What a steal!
Dont get me wrong she can be nice, sweet and all that stuff
But is too shallow and demanding imo
BeyondTheLight!
Don't give away your sister
Unless you have others
You only need one or two
I have a brother he is pretty cool
i don't have a sister and it's kind of sad
i wish i had a sister
Where do you fall btl in birth order
Middle
And you too filozof 
i'm the older of two
Is your sis younger?
Yeah 
4 years younger
maybe i should get an adopted sister
Cool
I think sibling relationships are interesting
does anyone want to be my sister?
And funny
Look dont get me wrong I get pissed when people do anything to her just look at her even funny
filozof only if you're into the incest thing
incest is wincest
i would wrestle you
The last person that did something threw a rock at her when we were younger I dont even why that started was beaten hard by me
I used to box my brothers
Bloodied face and all that 
Probably a concussion in there too
And wrestle them
i used to beat my brother
They were always protective though
But I still can get annoyed by her
I bet they are still a tiny bit
my brother sometimes begged me not to beat him in his sleep
Jeez why
because i was kind of mean to him 
and hit him
i'm 4,5 years older
so i guess he had dreams where i did that to him
not my proudest thing
I used to be kind of mean to my younger sister
I would punch her
:(
at least i play video games with him now that we're older
I would hit her and push her and she'd cry and then I'd have to make her stop crying
i also used to play with my brother where i would forcefully tickle him
how much younger is your sister?
She's 3.5 years younger
Another is 8.5 years
younger siblings have it rough, clearly
I bullied her to a lesser extent
oh, so your sister is prime aged?
No
Yes lol
But she has it the easiest
she's 17 though, kind of old
Because my parents are old
why the easiest?
And easy going now
And no one ever had a reason to hate her
She was the baby
They have less rules for her
i remember my brother being jealous that i got to do the things he didn't
like sitting in the passenger seat
and sometimes my parents would let him do it
Yeah lol we still fight about that when I'm home
even though he was 4 years younger
the youngest sibling is always in a favoured position
so he got to do it 4 years earlier than me
kind of unfair
Yeah filozof 
what do you fight about?
shotgun you mean?
Yeah
being the middle sibling is kinda shitty
Shotgun
Lol
yeah, i imagine it can be rough
No its funny really siblings can argue but when an outsider comes they team up and beat the shit out of them
especially if you have many siblings
sounds like europe
i remember i used to really fight about it with my brother
BeyondTheLight++
I mean that is what we always did
but what totally sucks though is being the step-sibling
My family is complicated
With half siblings
No step siblings though I guess
quarter siblings?
half-siblings is okay
We still grew up somewhat together
I even threatened to kill a person who tried to bully her with the whole knife thing and what not 
Man I had serious anger issues
if
that happened to me BTL I wouldn't be sitting here right now
I don't take kindly to threats of any kind
You know what sernemesis you shouldnt date my sister if for whatever reason you 2 break up I might have to honor kill you haha
O he isnt here
What do you mean you wouldnt be sitting here RedManBearPig?
In my family, I'm the only one that experienced every person living at home - I remember all my older siblings being there, I remember my younger siblings of course, but they didn't all grow up with/remember each other - I think I'm the most middle
If somebody brings weapons to the table I'd probably go all out
oh BTL talking about smacking down a sibs bully
my sister used to get bullied on her way home from school
by some kid who went to a different school and would cross the highway on the same bridge in opposit directions
so one day I went to wait for him
damn DG69
Then again you probably arent most people RedManBearPig 
and when he came I threatedned to throw his school bag on to the highway
Yep
and then I told him if I did that it would cause an accident
Why are you giving your sis to that dirty indian though?
and the police would know it was his fault and he would be arrested and got to jail forever!
he never bugged my sister again
He's not halal
I was joking at the time RedManBearPig haha
O I seriously dont care about that stuff
I know
Lol
I dont even know why I should haha
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41q05w/im_25f_feeling_weird_because_boyfriend_25m_is/
was this the link that caused much discussion earlier
That is more for the maroccan weirdos
Which is ironic they do our dutch girls but the moment their women go for dutch men they lose their minds
Yeah
Fucking bastards
Though morrocan fathers are not digging morrocan youngsters
but they don't like white people either
the first comment is spot on susandeath
yeah it is
Well I dont blame the fathers 
Those maroc kids are nuts
Funnily enough its why maroc women avoid their men altogether and go for any other arab ethnicities
really?
I didn't know that
I did know that they didn't date whities though
Its more of a recent thing though
I used to have really bright maroc girls in my highschool
Like 130 iq+  and they told me that
Its funny
So basically any girl worth a damn just walks around them
except white girls with jungle fever
Hello, Francel
Maybe that RedManBearPig the whole exotic thing
you know what a coal burner is right?
Had to search it haha
White girl going with a black dude out of rebellion
doesn't have to be rebellion
white girls dating mocros is just a subset of coal burners
by the way
http://newobserveronline.com/white-war-refugees-not-allowed-in-germany/
Lmao
O yeah definitely
Mocros are our black dudes
https://i.imgur.com/L0Ho2eM.jpg
lol ukrainians can get no slack
I feel guilty for laughing 
ITT women shaming nice guys agian
AWALT
no, wait
dont feel guilty anymoer dragoness
you just got AWALTED
pretend you didn't see that and go back to thinking I'm a decent human being again pls
laugh and enjoy it!
oh okay I'll do that
Lol
because I'm a nice guy
ty bby
better remember how nice I am, woman
Wow
Do you guys see how NICE carkudo is?
Mmmmm that nice tho
(You better give the agreed amount)
you might actually get sexually rewarded for being a nice guy carkudo
take a good look
Wow I just wore my panties and they dropped now carkudo
Amazing
just two more niceness tokens and you can get your fellatio 
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41nioz/sympathy_for_the_terper_a_lot_of_women_are_bitches/
Thanks for that carkudo now I can go wear normal underwear
Panties suck
I actually never would've gone to r/niceguys if not for this crazy bitch
but now that I'm here...I can't leave
I also will switch underwear because of Carkudo ;)
And his niceness
!
damn, we're going all the way now. I wasn't ready for this
but, alas, you've paid the approrite fee
<DG69> I also will switch underwear because of Carkudo ;)
.... oh dear
https://i.imgur.com/3vKzzUM.jpg
idk how this qualifies as a 'nice guy' post. It's accurate as hell
wow, this is so... russian
Eh questioning womens choices?
I mean thats pretty miso genie if you ask me
"I am dating this guy, but he is a total useless bum and unattractive loser - he doesn't have a car, he doesn't have a job, cheats on me and even hit me a few times. Aren't men just the worst?"
<Carkudo> wow, this is so... russian.
lolol
TIL, Russians are basically the black people of the east
I wouldnt date a guy with no job and stuff
sorry
Lol dragoness get on with the times
wait filozof, you're............"self-diagnosed" 
it is counter-productive for the more dominant types, because youth is not linked to authority 
what RedManBearPig??
i've been diagnosed with autism on this chat
what what what?
defending crisco
lol
Dramaaaaaa 
i'm not self diagnosed with anything dragoness 
Jack4ss: there is no drama lol
filozof, according to this chat I should be getting laid left and right
what? I like crisco RedManBearPig?
Take it with a spoon-sized grain of salt
you should........
But my penis only points forward
You just like the fact that he got you yung lean dragoness 
So horny
yung lean?
<filozof> i'm not self diagnosed with anything dragoness
hahahaha
What is this chinese bullshit
If you're going asian, speak Japanese
Tis a white dude carkuo
oh, when you siad you were autistic I just assumed it was legitimate 
see then I wasn't the only one who saw that
everybody fucking thought that
I was being all understanding and shit
you seriously thought i had autism
lolol
everybody thinks you have autism
because you act like you're retarded 
that explains why i hate you, you've always been so condescending to me
I pegged him as asperger's 
aspergers is autism
so
erm...excuse me, "on the autism spectrum" 
i'm socially retarded, but not really autistic
you don't know what that really means
It is as if you have no social interaction whatsoever
filozof, honestly, even I had suspicions, and I'm not one of the corrupt american capitalists seeking to diagnose anyone and everyone with some spectrum
you pretty much act like the epitome of a Sperglord
i think your views on certain things filozof, are often quite different to most peoples
Even Jack4ss isnt that crazy
how dare you.
And he is on 7 different drugs at the same time
what do my political views have to do with autism?
nah, its just that he takes obviously sarcastic/humorous things quite literally have the time
i wish BLT
I love you Jack4ss you are hilarous
or misunderstands 
ive been sober for 2 hours
weeks*
lolol
dragoness: you nailed it! was trying to pinpoint why
at the same time people missunderstand filozof when he is joking
Lol 2 hours
because it's so dead pan
See hilarious
right RedManBearPig, that too
it annoys me when people take what i say seriously, yes
fuck, my zrpg character is going to die and lose all his loot
shit
it's not exactly deadpan... it's like A.I trying to simulate humour 
zrpg?
zero player rpg
^^^^^^^
YEs Mashakos 
he sees how others make jokes
THAT Mashakos lol
analyses
It's a game where you don't control the character
AT ALL
Execute joke.exe
then uses a simulcrum
guys guys
how the hell is that a game then??
I think you're going overboard a bit
you guys are very nice
Aw thanks
here is the thing we are not making fun of you
sure you're not
dragoness, loads and loads of user-generated text comments, items, monsters and stuff
And achievements
See that was sarcasm
How many of you have spent time with lower or higher functioning autistic people?
You dont take the personality of the person in mind to take a proper judgement
my cat is pretty autistic
I can tell that you are strongly annoyed by these comments, there is no need to. We don't have a problem with how you are. Thing is being easily hurt by harmless comments is a trait of aspies
That is why it seems so serious to yiu
i think our coders are busy again with the armchair psych
:p
hey! this is quality stuff
take notes
I'm not taking notes from you
oh what the hell?
saying that i'm like an ai trying to simulate humor is not a "harmless comment"
https://godvillegame.com/ - this is it. The english version of it anyway
I am not a coder RedManBearPig 
You're close enough to be clustered with mashakos BTL
Let's just all play Godville and stop talking about autism
Sheesh
RedManBearPig> I'm not taking notes from you <-- then you are missing out on pure genius buddy
It's giving me blue balls
Hah
Pure genius
Then dont stay so long in the cold Carkudo 
It's Russia dude
They will turn purple and black
filozof> saying that i'm like an ai trying to simulate humor is not a "harmless comment" <-- sure it is
hahahaha
am i seriously supposed to see it as harmless when you say i act like an "epitome of a sperglord"?
who wants to be called that?
Yeah Mashakos and me were joking about the whole gay thing yesterday
yes
yep
what do u mean
(I am pretty sure Mashakos  is gay though)
(I'm pretty sure too)
(im positive he is)
See an joke
see, I am comfortable enough with myself to take BeyondTheLight's ribbing 
Its not meant to ridicule you
or at least to recognise he is not secretly hot for me
We call AtlasB a greedy jew
As a joke
Since jewish
I.e. stereotype
You guys are really trying to explain jokes to him
your condescension is so terribly insulting
You both have as much expertise on autism as him
it's like you want to make me feel like crap completely
See it isn't even meant as insult lol.
filozof: you simply don't recognise banter. You can learn though, aspies are known for being smart.
it is an insult
you are right filo
i dont like these guys either
you are so terribly insulting
Hell me and my best friend make fun of each other ALL the time
That is banter not an insult
Bish please Jack4ss 
so it's still a joke?
filozof, this is the internet, everyone's just a fat hairy gay person in a basement behind a computer anyway
I bet you have a poster of me on your wall
Carkudo: or Mila Kunis with a voice changer
Carkudo: stop insulting him!
except for the children
they're fbi agents
you never know, might get lucky one day
fortunately i have enough confidence in myself right now not to be affected too much by your hurtful words
but still
i hate you a lot
see that's the wrong approach filozof 
we understand where you're coming from so we aren't completely weirded out by your repsonse
but out in the real world you can easily alienate others with this approach 
Yeah people are seriously going to think something is off
And that diminishes your chances even further
If I wished you ill filozof, I would have a very different approach to you. Overly polite or cold, not being truthful with you. 
When I wish someone ill, I just wish they would get cancer
you need to be a wizard for that Carkudo 
i.e remain a virgin till you're 40
Dont you need a magical lamp for wishes?
he's well along his way
How do you guys get free wishes
i wonder how you can't see that i hate people who assume i am autistic
Uh, Mashakos, it's 30 and technically I am one
no wait he already is
You kinda walked right into that
being autistic is the cool thing nowadays
the problem we are facing here is dimwitted advice from non-experts on the subject matter
walked right into that how?
Yeah RedManBearPig 
Mashakos: should listen to us
Dont you know better Mashakos 
lol
Hehe Grown up these days am I right?
What happened?
I give excellent advice. My qualification as an expert? I can get blowjobs whenever I want.
don't even need to dread game
Gay dudes dont count man
^
I'm not talking dating advice
well it's not by gay dudes so it counts
Drok you were giving me the ops status that happened
Or will happen better said
you're gonna give him OPs over ME????
RedManBearPig> I'm not talking dating advice <-- last time I checked aspies were people too
they don't need advice in Klingon
Just shut up
lol
what's gotten you all hot and bothered?
Idk what just happened in here but everything appears to be on fire now
Idk dragoness I properly turned off my stove
Did you check the fridge?
Haha
I would watch an entire tv channel composed of this kind of cctv footage http://i.imgur.com/1Gl305G.gifv
God damn it hahahah
obeasts in the Wild
"sunrise. The obeast begins the long process of all day foraging..."
That is natural selection right there
Stationary bag of crisps vs obeast
The obeast never stood a chance
http://imgur.com/gallery/YHxrsg8
obeast mating dance http://i.imgur.com/ExOoDmr.jpg
she probably is crying because of patriarchy did that to her
I love it when obeasts try to do normal people things!
No she realised that she left the last piece of chicken in the fridge mid jump
And its going to spoil
hahaha
#chickenpiece2016
You will never be forgotten
Hey Mashakos 
fuck you guys for being mean to filozof
Go to rizon and join the fph irc
just cos you behind a keyboard
A phone shitlord
And I wasn't being mean
i wouldnt like being called autistic
Carkudo> filozof, this is the internet, everyone's just a fat hairy gay person in a basement behind a computer anyway
It isnt a insult lol
not me Carkudo
I am a dog
it's not an insult
there is a fat people hate irc??
awesome
http://www.returnofkings.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Unable-to-reason-1.jpg
lol
i think it is an insult
Whatever is an insult is  pseudo-intellectuals here thinking they know mental disorder
disorders*
you're sounding very butt hurt RedManBearPig 
It's been a long while since somebody online made me aggrevated mashakos but you did it
I only speak of matters I have some personal experience with. If that hurts your feelings, so be it.
You know damn well that doesn't hurt my feelings or you must be a fool
well I am gonna speak as an OP
it is clear that some people on this chat do not want to be labelled with a mental disorder
so please stop doing ity
as per the no personal attacks rule
It wasn't a personal attack
It was a genuine question even put the disclaimer
BTL
He just took it personal
Until mashakos got a grasp of it
I am saying
that after this conversation
its clear
that it was perceived as personal
so and future
I am a fat gairy
Hairy gay dog
Lmao drok
drok did u fix the tpa in the server?
Getting kinky FirionDarklight 
you have asbergers or are autistic comments will be a personal attack
so lets just stop 
"he just took it personal"
there we go then
What tpa issue?
id take it personally
if i was called that
anyone can tp to anyone without them accepting first
also they can spam tphere and teleport people to them without the other person accepting
You mean they can pull people without accepting?
That is fair
yeah
and tp to them as well without the other person accepting
Teleport to makes sense, pulling not so much
well i am used to the tp then the other person using tpa model
:P
anyways
also for some reason the plugin is in italian
I'll have to check the pemissions
And how the teleport works
Yeah
It's odd
Yeah lol
That weirded me out
we got italian in minecraft now?
yeah
i saw a fatty plumber in red the other day
hahaha
what like just walking in the streets
i mean in minecraft
:P
I am disappointed
It's our second favourite brit!
GIVE US TEA
Well my first favourite, but I can't sway public opinion on this
Idk man she is our favorite brit
pish who do i need to kill?
I was sold on the accent
yay  
I thought TGP was the favourite
my students union was handing out free survival packs
they had about 5 tea bags in
rape survival packs? you gonna need em around the muslems in britain
lmaoo 
no
we got chocolate milk too
but did they have antirape tampons?
and a pen
im always surprised by the amount of students without a pen
we literally get paid to just write stuff dow
n
and no
no rapey stuff
casuals
also i got to go home early because i got a new client and finished all the work for her already
am boss
Idk RedManBearPig 
Tgp is a filthy commue
what sort of "client" might that be?
He wants my money
commies should be rounded up
and sent to china
dont put client in quote marks it sounds dodgy
:P
did you "service" him?
i know my dissertation is about prostitution but im not THAT dedicated to it
psh
some dedication
"dedication"
TGP?
thegreasypole
What about thexanman
Thexanman?
that's a good question
Hmmm..
I keep forgetting he is a brit too
You should read something again Katniss_Granger 
That will swing the pendulum in your favour
you might become a 3/10 instead of a 2/10
.seen TheGreasyPole
well clearly he's dead
so
i win
this is why you have to be careful about preaching TRP http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/01/jared-rutledge-pickup-artist-c-v-r.html
You can read the first two paraphrases and get what it's about
of course you don't spew out TRP if there's any connection to be made with your AFK-you
unless rich AF
You can't use theorized terms or TRP terms of art
Most of the concepts are out there mainstream
dencrypt_: The guy wasn't preaching.
The girl was just snooping
she saw a blog, and traced to rp
drok: that is true, but then it wouldn't be preaching trp. Then it would be preaching logic and common sense.
fiat: same thing in my book
dencrypt_: read again. she was surprised and initially couldn't even reconcile what she found out
i don't think it matters what words you use
with the guy
it clearly came out of nowhere
he wasn't preaching.
people aren't going to think you're evil just because you use TRP terms
filozof: It depends on who's reading it.
he was careless.
it reminds me of the violentacrez debacle
I think you might be isolated from some of the crazy feminist extreme being in Poland
that's true, i mostly am
and here in poland we don't care as much about people's political views i think
yea it'll be a bit different from say, the bay area
this is why my journals are written on paper
which is basically reddit central
and kept in a locked suitcase
we're more tolerant in this regard
http://9gag.com/gag/azj8Wyx?ref=fbp
i'm curious what living in the bay area is like
who are more tollerant
bay area = reddit central + highly liberal most places
other than silicon valley
reddit hq is literally here
what do you mean by "reddit central + highly liberal"?
i mean that a high percentage of people reddit here
think about how many people here are in bay; there were even more before, i think pillburt and/or occamsNickname were too
ok, but i don't get why you add "highly liberal" to reddit
and it's very PC
i said bay area is
reddit is already highly liberal
But Reddit is online
so i dont think you have to add anything
It's a bit different in real life
just my logic, sorry :p
i wonder what's the dating scene like there
how easy to get laid etc
i imagine if you're gay it's paradise
no
if i was gay
We spend most of our living in a gay paradise
 i would steer away from libetards
our lives*
well, anyway,point is that more people than avg would know about trp here in bay area
might be different from poland
ok
good
to know which places to avoid in murika
i don't mean that in a good way. lol
san fran, bay area and silicon valley
got it
are you serious fiat
Alright
what do you mean ? what am i saying that's controversial. i don't think filozof even disagrees
I'm calling out the sexual collectivists
he's the one who linked the article
so that article
where the guy got fucked over socially because some girl snooped and traced some tenuous link
about those coffee shop guys
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41udkj/why_should_men_be_sex_positive/cz56yb8
between him and trp
man
the ending made me sad
there was that Trey guy
I meant
who are the sexual collectivists?
tryong to find a way for the men and women in their area to get togther and learn more
is it really so that TRP is like know by about 60% of the people in the bay area?
but nooo
we rather just be angry
i'm not an individualist
the cofee sho debacle
RedManBearPig: reddit is super popular here
just proves that you never apologise to sjws
ever
think about its demographic after all
i don't see why i shouldn't be sex-negative if it supports my interests
how  popular subreddits like programming are
relative to other career-related subreddits
i happen to think that sex-negative societies work better
so i support them
bay area is overrepresented on reddit.
understatement
most people i know reddit once in a while
yeah Firion I agree
no point in trying to make amends
i have even bumped into a couple of girls who say "alfalfa", so i knew they were involved in pillosphere. lol
ew
would you say that it's because bay area has disproportionate amount of people who work in CS?
I would punch them out of reflex
no, i'm not pointing out anything causal. it's correlative i think
the girls saying alfalfa are probably bluepillers
there mightbe an element of regionalism because reddit HQ is in SF
i'd like to meet them
they would probably be fun
like DG69, bluepiller but fun
it might just be because so many people here work in tech industry
at jobs that give them time to browse reddit in between work
yeah susan. they hate you anyways. apologizing is just telling them they won.
i dont believe in correlations
there are no accidents in this world
"The women who dated Jared are less interested in his evolution. He doesnt deserve a fresh start, said W. I never want to see his face again."
that's not what your mom told me
:P
i'm just sayig that i can imagine it being different from eastern europe where filozof is
that to me is the saddets thing I have read in a long time
surely it's different
the idea that people are just crap 
eastern europeans i know have very diff attitudes
besides the fact that we don't know TRP due to not browsing reddit
and don't deserve second chances
we're more tolerant of other people's viewpoints, i think
i've never had an eastern european guy actualy become outraged over political views
what astonished me about america is how politicized even business is
like companies openly supporting gay marriage
how the fuck is it their business to get involved in contentious political debates?
sounds like "why weasnt he naturally the best" bullshit, susan
well, to be fair, you're intolerant more of people's state of beings, like homosexuality, filozof 
Sexual collectivists are the ones that don't support an open sexual market
fortunately, companies in poland dont really do that
maybe more tolerant of politics
that depends on what do you mean by "intolerant"
oh good point.
just because i hate gays doesn't mean i'm "intolerant" of them
What?
That makes no sense
that doesnt make sense to me
"The other positive thing to come from the scandal is that Our Voice, Ashevilles rape crisis center, has received donations from around the country and implemented a new program to combat sexism in the service industry."
lol
Hating someone will bias your interactions
there goes money into thin air
why? you can dislike someone and tolerate them
Hate means that you don't tolerate it
not really
hate is just a feeling
yes really, dislike is different
tolerance is an act, i think
Yes really
and tats why you changed it
ok, true
Dislike =\= hate
of course tolerance is an act, its just politeness
isn't hate just a strong dislike?
right chickens
its strong dislike to the point you cant tolerate it
I would say it's an intolerable dislike
I am off to go and murderise sewer pigs
have a good evening all
lol
ok i don't want to get into semantic debates
laterz susandeath 
Gn8
what i meant is that i dislike homosexuals
but wouldnt persecute someone because of it
i think the vast majority of people in poland aren't really bothered by what people do in their beds
as long as the deviants don't take our children
neither are americans
(their viewpoint, not mine)
theyre bothere dby what they do in the propaganda entertainment
by them being teachers
boy scout leaders
being forced to make cakes for gay weddings
well, there were sodomy laws
some plenty of people used to be bothered
that wa sin all of christendom
because it sin the bible
not because it "bothered people"
of course the question is whether homosexuals are different enough from heterosexuals to justify discrimination
no the question is why does my private discrimination on private property need to be justified at all
Yeah
you were talking about people being bothered about homosexuals being teachers
Because it's a risk
Due to male sexuality
i'm asking whether we should discriminate against them when hiring teachers
yes and straight males
but male sexuality isn't homosexuality
so we should discriminate against all men
Doesn't matter
male homosexuality is male sexuality 100x
unfettered
un -gate-kept by females
male homosexuals dont experience their sexuality more intensely
lolzlzlz
they just get more opportunities to express it
It's just reciprocated
right
who said anything about how they experience it
what i mean is that a gay dude isnt more horny than me
?
"about homosexuals being teachers" oh we're only talking about gay males?
he just gets to fuck more
No
no one cares about lesbians
ever
so that's a no and a yes 
lol
Well maybe filozof griddy
We said all males
it doesnt matter that gays fuck more
Because misandry
what matters is that all men are horny
i agree filozof 
which is why even straight male teachers are side-eyed
so it doesnt matter what theyre sexuality is, they are equally dangerous in schools
i don't think people worry about lesbians as much as gay males
even by other men
males are defilers
i wouldnt let men teach small kids ever
gay or straight
so my point again is, why discriminate against homosexuals
female teacher molests boys, "nice!"
"If Jared had studied his foundational text more closely, he mightve been able to predict what happened next. By the end of The Game, Strauss has a revelation: The systematic, quantified pursuit of women tends to make men bitter and resentful. "
or be around fatherless kids
lol
yeah right
when we should be against all men teaching
that's just the wall talking
male teachers molest girls, "defiler"
Sandusky!
ewww disgusted by him
or boys, yeah
he purposely went after fatherless boys
gross
what used to to keep pedos on the fringe of acting
and just content to be around boys
people are more threatened by males, what else is new
was fear of fathers
fear of getting killed
so pedos gravitated to where they could be aroud boys
but feared action
actually, we should prefer homosexuals now that i think about it
since they fuck more
unless they caught up an orphan or something
omg
they are more satisfied
pls
Lol
what's the reasoning for discriminating against homosexuals specifically?
I doubt that
wait til the molestation of adopted boys by gay couples comes out in the next 10-20 yrs
remember i said it
mark my words
straight males are more likely to be sexually frustrated
idk filozof surely you would know that
Because they are male filozof
it's pretty much obvious
filozof: you mean open gays
closeted gays who think they're straight
are molesters in the making
drok what i'm asking is why we should discriminate against male homosexuals as opposed to male heterosexuals
first of all a key thing is that theres no such thing as homosexuality
the reasoning for not hiring gays applies to all men
good morning everyone
there is male homosexual ephebophilia
which is illegal
That's what I've been saying filozof
hey Sunhappy 
filozof: yes
Just discriminate against men if you re going to do it
yes
i agree
and i was simply talking about discrimnation against gays specifically, not all men drok 
there's nothing that makes homosexuals inferior
medical orgs
but i also know that male homosexuals ar emore disoprdered and unrestrained
when it comes to teaching
in their sexuality
would reject male blood too
if striaght men could actually have all the sex they wanted
ephebophilia?
its not just out of sexual frustration
is that what NAMBLA is?
its attraction and opportunism
if you want candy you go to the candy store
so what you're saying is that male homosexuals are less inhibited because they don't have to
so they're more likely to fuck kids
nambla is mostly hebephilia
they ar eless inhibited
psychologically
what is nambla
Lol
either innately or from theyre lifestyle
omg witz
north american man boy love association
i doubt they are innately more inhibited
north america martin bro luther association
...oh
if i could fuck as much as gays i would
they are disinhibited
less inhibited i mean
doesnt matter whether innate or not
yeh well youre wrong
It's not about being innate
what am i wrong about?
and sinc ei spent 20 yrs in the gay community i will believe me
and not you
Eh I'll just let Atlasb talk
since like with everyhtign you just read about gay ppl on the internet
We say the same thing
Ha good morning
lol drok right?
AtlasB: what did i say that was wrong? i'm curious
Nothing like talk of boy love to start your day
youre whole conception of what gays are from beginning to end is false
theyre not just nice normal guys who happen to suck a dick for the most part
they are overrepresented in every human deviance
for reasons
like serial killing
little discussed
and its becaus eof male dinihibition
could be innatre, could be from the lifestyle
but the disinhibition of male sexuality
goes hand in hand with othe rdisinhibitions
witzie: nambla are a group of guys that are trying to gradually make hebephilia more acceptable. examples are like popularizing "pedosexual" in place of "pedophilia"
because pedophile has baggage as a word
i think male homosexuals act differently because it's easier to fuck men
and pedosexual sounds similar to homosexual
that i'm sure about
which is more acceptable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ygrd29-_O3I
theres no such thing as homosexuality
men want hebes and ephebes
they are forced to bang adults
how is there no such thing as homosexuality 
is there such a thing as heterosexuality then?
filozof: think of the muslims
is buartha not homosexual?
how do you explain twinks who crave bears
yes there are a very few biotwinks
ive stipulated that becfore
thats the true bio homosexual
rare as hens teeth
is heterosexuality different from homosexuality in "not existing"
my old friend craig was a biotwink
are heterosexuals and homosexuals both not real?
male sexuality is also ephebophiliac
and forced by law
"Having my heart broken by someone I never had an emotional investment in  its awful, said C."
homosexuality is unfettered disin hibited male sexuality
lol
the hamstering is real
so heterosexualty exists or not?
he was a pua and it was casual but my heart was broken because i learned i was a pua
heterosexuality is attraction to fertile women
post pubescent women
so yes it exists
so homosexuality would be attraction to postpubescent men by analogy?
rofl FirionDarklight that's the same woman
no its actually attraction to hebes and ephebes
left unfettered
who was looking for no strings attached sex
andalways was
NO STRINGS
no drama
historically
and even introduced the dude to her other friends
not two 30 yr ol dmen buying a house and raising dogs
now she's complaining the dude was PUA and wants to get him socially ostracized
thats just saving face
guy treated us like hoes and thought we were hoes
and we acted like hoes
THE SHAME!
I don't get it
"Im mad at all men right now, she told me. It didnt help that the women now realized that there was a whole teeming internet full of Jareds out there. I didnt even know this sphere existed in humanity, said K."
Let's use another analogy
Lonny_Z: don't get what?
you wouldnt know because you are a solipsistic bitch K.
How homosexuality doesn't exist
lol ok it "exists" by force of law
in that
gay males
FirionDarklight: so ironic because the article and women were saying how unfair it was that Jared was saying misogynist things for being flaked on
are forced to keep themselves super youthfuil looking
Who is more likely to rape? A man or a woman? Who is more likely to rape? A Muslim immigrant or a European male?
homosexuality exists in the sense of men being attracted to men instead of women
an dbang older men
no
they arent attracted to"men"
they are attracted to hebes and ephebes
and forced to have men
by law
which is the irony
how do you know that?
that they falk him or that i am shit talking them?
:P
greek homosexuality was the purest expression of gay natural realations
Sup PPDBot
I'm not following
Lonny_Z: it's confusing because AtlasB actually means a very specific kind of homosexuality
like love of masculine males, imo
because actual biotwinks
barely exist
she's saying that it's mostly just a specific kind of homosexuality that exists
.context
hebephilic homosexuality
who's attracted to truly masculine men then?
Women and biotwinks
id say biotwinks make up the 1% of men who ar eACTUALLY biol;ogically gay
biotwinks are 
allother gay men have simply abandoned female gatekeeping
andthats why open homosexuality DOES encourage homosexuality
becaus eany man who can tolerate dick
and make himself hot
maybe the repulsion to homosexuality is a natural thing
can join the sexual utopia
as a defense system for one's offspring
Where does this theory come from?
he imagined the disinhivbition of women would create
which instead created the lopsided SMP
we live in now
There are plenty of dudes with master keys that never needed to abandon female gatekeeping
right and they dont
Hmmm... idk
th eranks of gay men are filled with the "other"
or maybe im just surrounded by a bunch of male bottoms
I agree somewhat, although I don't think the biotwink number is that low
most of the gay men I know aren't tops
its the true definition of gay
its low in the population
tops are the pansexuals
the true biotwink is the biologically homosexually oriented
so are most homosexuals attracted to femininity in men?
the others are getting off
Open gay men seem to complain mostly of the lack of tops
basically they're like women
complaning there are no alpha men left
hahahaah
well the alphas died
of aids
that supports what griddy was saying about fluid male sexuality
thats why the gay movement is so repellent now
#griddyWasActuallyRight
fiat speaking of
i still don't believe males are as fluid as females though
spotted James Franco in makeup on twitter
Wouldn't all the bottoms have been annihilated?
fia tthey arent but
that man is so flagrant 
men are not as fluid
think of the prince of dorn
well there goes my nice day
in GoT
he is certainly not gay
hes a pansexual alpha
men who get all their sexual needs met by women
it's like the calhoun mouse experiments
isn't he just bisexuaL?
aften go on to boys
and men
no
hes not bisexual
as the female mice became more vicious, the male mice gave up
hes a pansexual alpha
and turned gay
once you lack disgust
disgust is key here
once you lack disgust
a hole is a hole
and male holes
will do things
female holes wont
I do believe in the pansexual alpha
what things do male holes do!?
male holes can satisfy othe rmen in ways no women can even dream of
no matter how sex poz
wat
But I am not sure about this biotwink phebe theory
interms of what theyr eWILLING to do
now im intrigued
ahhh
yes
the depths of male depravity
aggressive sexuality
Men will fuck holes in plastic, holes in microwaved melons
yes
not hard to believe that once disgust and other inhibitions are gone
once a man started exploring disinhibited sexuality
they won't fuck other men just because
look at rocky horro
now
even if they aren't truly "biotwink"
yeah that makes sense
ppl think frankenfurter is gay
but hes
NOT
hes a pansexual alpha
he started with columbia
a normal het relationship[
I like this theory so far
then he moves to eddy
and when he creates his PERFECT sex partner
what is it?
rocky
AtlasB: what's hebes and phebes?
the shining perfect hairless kouros
Or ephebs?
young people, blowing.
Or what
Ohhhh ok
hebes=11-13 
approx. 
Like Pocahontas witzie !
phebe is 15-19 around
very few males arte truly attracted to actual CHILDREN
they are hebephilic
i think hebe is approx 11-14 or 12-14?
the cusp of punerty
11 is pedo range
puberty
10:01:41 <Lonny_Z> Wouldn't all the bottoms have been annihilated? <---- lol
because frankenfurter
pedo is pre-puberty, hebe is cusp, and ephebo is after, but stll not considered full adult by some
blowing++
represents male disinhibition and decadence
nbot homosexuality
the unfettered male nature
unleashed
and he snot a transvestite hes peacocking
hes a pimp
a pansexual alpha pimp
Like Tom Hardy
once a mans insatiable sexual curiousity
is disinhibited
liek fiat said
he puts it in melons
and dogs
and hole sin the couch
and men and women
and children
James Franco  https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/WMD35I52/IMG_1376.JPG
this is WHY fathers protected their wives and kids
yes
well, there are different levels of disinhibition
Lol melons and a couchhole are a far cry from men and dogs
right i mean fully disinhibited obv
griddy brings up that movie i never saw a lot
right, i know you know, AtlasB i am just clarifying
Because of disgust
shame i thhink?
that is james franco? omg
because a lot of people will give pause to dogs and kids
with michael fassbender
Oh about sex addiction
omg that movie
where he uses grindr to get bjs
?
i saw that in theaters.
but hes not gay
soemthign like that
so awkward
thats a disinhibited male on his way to decadent homosexuality
Leo DiCaprio gave BJ's in basketball diaries
yeah AtlasB at one point he just wanted sex, no matter where he got it
thats a true story tho
i knew tons of teen male hustlers
yeah Shame.
who tdo you think was hiring them
but he stopped at his sister
lol
other teens?
so he wasn't fully disinhibited
right
He so wanted to bang his sister though
the full disinhibition of male sexuality is caligula
and nero
and tiberius swimmin in a pool of littl eboy and girls slaves
My son is named Tiberius
:D
nero tried to create a tranny
why do you all think tranny became popular among titular straight men
almost overnight
its a visual woman
with male sexuality
oh SHame
nah he just went to a Bathhouse
and got a BJ
right
his ultimate low
whatever point is he wasnt gay
he wa sdisinhibited
disinhibition and lack of visceral disgust
Is your son named after James Tiberius Kirk dencrypt_ ?
well, getting there, at least
Lonny_Z++
I think drawing the line with greek homosexuality is very apt here
:D
not many people get that
ancient greek*
ancient geek
yes
and ancient rome
when homosexuality is truly unfettered by things like stupid "age of consent " laws
you see its true form
I got that cemented in my head from the first scene of the Star Trek reboot
again and again
it does not manifest itself as two 30 yr old men moving in together with dogs
ever
right
thats the "unnatural" part
Lonny_Z: well, from my perspective his name is from the previous Universe Kirk :)
of today
the gay "lifestuyle" not homosexuality
so these 30 year old men are not disinhibited
ok enough coffee
they actually arent
the nerdification
of the gay community
has been astonishing
Did it offend you that Kirk Sr. Was like "that is a terrible name"
they are uptight milleniaal gays
Exactly
lots of old head gays are horrifie
dby the mainstreaming of homosexuality
and milo is in their tradition
old head slike johnwaters
I get it
who saw homosexuals as subversives
Lonny_Z: nah, I like it.
and outlaws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2YVRu09nAo
john waters film cli[p
.addterm johnwaters https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2YVRu09nAo
the crazy thing is that "marriage equality" for GLBT didn't do anythign to stop the rampant debauchery of their lifestyle
it just granted them teh legal protection to do it outside of back alleys and things
and fooled heterosexiuals
all my gay friends who want to marry or are married, have the condo and nice dog or two
and still do poppers or whatever the fuck they're called and have orgies, etc
dumb moron whitebread college kids think its all nice whit epicket fence slike in american beauty
oo poppers ar efun
lol
idk what they are
my brother does them
i havent done that indecades
he came out and went to NYC
and just went nuts
my gay friend waren and i
used to huff popper sin class
i'm like bro, how many people have you been with since last year?
and recite rocky horror from beginning to end
and he's like "hmph, oh sis, bless your heart!"
like sex is all gay men do
he doesn't believe gay men can be monogamous
only ignorant white brea dmillenials who dont actually hang around the gay communitythink otherwise
or that they can, but it's super super rare and difficult to do, cuz he said without hetero gender roles
WHY be monogamous? 
my old best friends amrc and craig have been "married" since they were 20 and19
and they have a whole life together
aww
and lots ofmoney for decades
and craig
the biotwink
gay white men have a shit fuck ton of money
it's insane
has always ahd a free pass to go to the "book store"
lawd
on saturaday
okay but AtlasB, what is the deal with butch dykes who would never touch dick?
who knows what thats turne dinto now
yeah my friend's bf cheats on him all the time
but he's okay with it and stays
lesbians are their own thing
cuz if he leaves him for someone who will commit
it's not gonna happen. all gay guys sleep around
poly is an attempt to imitate gay relationships
lesbians are interesting. they really do want to just be families and things
my lesbian friend is the most normal couple evar in terms of behavior
but they adhere more to gender roles than some of my straight friends
I don't understand lebians
K is super butch. S, her wife, is super feminine. and they act very RP in terms of roles
and expectations
I understand gay dudes though
K is my only INTJ friend
Yeah I've seen lesbians be RP too
so she expects sex. often. she doesn't tolerate S's feelz
she doesn't like to be bothered when working. S cooks all the time
and cleans
I only have a few lesbians friends though
and pretty much follows her wherever she goes
Probably better to ask dstoo
which is why when I first joined RPW
i told K
He knows everything about lesbians
and despite being a lesbian feminist from Wellsley, she totally gets it
and respects it
drok++
lol ask dstoo
only straight white feminist women hate RP
black women can understand it. immigrant women understand it. men understand it. gays understand it
I bet
even gender nonconforming people can understand it
maginas don't get it either
like thales
he's the perfect example
Yeah
White feminist women lackeys also refuse to get it
Yep
DC is horrible
it violates their egalitarian religion
cuz every woman here wants a super hardworking top of his game in his prime alpha
no one else is egalitarian but anglo scandinavian whites
its not a non white invention
even the most fatty of fat chicks who wouldn't even make a man a sandwicjh if he worked all day
or concern
basically, one sided equality
sunhappy just shoot these people
right
make the world a better place
you can't own a gun in dc
egalitarian is code for
LOL
adding male hard power to female soft power
doubling female power
right
i still can't believe A at work is like "why can't he make his sandwich?"
Any of you read up on the life of Cleopatra? Interesting parallels to the current wave of feminists.
then she tried to be nice and say "we can make sandwiches together"
cleopatra had concerns that wer eoutside theuniverse of modern women
wasn't cleo like a super slut? using her slut powers to woo the right men
just to keep shit in tact
she tried to command Anthony's armies
as a queen
didn't work out so well
not a feminist
eh, cleo knew what was up
yes she knew
you think cleo was doing all that shit and then going "anthony, you can't sleep wtih her!!"
oh my aspergers headache is starting
she probably gave zero fucks about other women
time to play minecraft
she wanted to be obeyed as a general - not a regent
LOL
she was trying to be someone she was not
how?
a man?
there are several examples of women doing masculine shit throughout history
or acting in the spheres of influence men had
and not being feminist about it
how? she went to the camps wearing full roman armour
right
fuck this im going home from work
all ancient women of power adopte dhieratic male accoutrement
I'll play minecraft with you AtlasB 
lol ar eyou ok?
yay!!1
nobodys here 
these pansy southerners saw .5 inch snow
and didn't come to work
hatshepsut
ROFL
that's how we roll in the deep south
wore full male pharoah regalia
frost gives us a 2 hour delay
What is south to you witzie?
QE 1 adopted the hieratic desexualized "virgin queen" appearance
and never married
she was used to holding absolute power in her own kingdom, Cleopatra did not consider herself a woman. She was confused by the reaction she was getting when she demanded to be seen as a military leader.
queen christina of sweden suffeed from hirsutism and wor emens clothes
women can be strong leaders and not be feminist about it
jean d'arc wore full armor
you cant lead men as a female
you have to become like unto a male
right
yeah
or a hieratic alien, desexualized, like QE1
the genius of her act
men see women
and want to protect them, not follow them
well, women they care about. lol. genghis khan wasn't protecting nobody
so guiz
the thing about Cleopatra was, she fully believed that if she demanded something it was to be given to her. Even if she did not fight in a war or lead armies, she believed she had the innate ability to.
i found a weird cave
wut
it had a zombie spawnign cage in it
and two chests
and the chests had rarew goodies
is that soemthing that happens?
ohhh minecraft
O_o
Yeah AtlasB
yes AtlasB
lol was so confused
With mossy stones?
yeh
Yeah monster spawning room
Did you get any tags or horse armor or CDs?
all of that
you want those drok?
a saddle
Oh nice
diamond horse armor
saddle
tags cd
blargh omg my phone broke again
what the fuck
The entire saga between Augustus Caesar, Mark Anthony and Cleopatra is fascinating.
Again?
Yeah I haven't played in a bit
God wants me to have a samsung
yes RedManBearPig 
I need to get back on
the ear piece thing doesn't work. people call and i answer and i can't hear them at all
Good find AtlasB
there might be something stuck in there sunhappy
fyi
well the screen broke last month
and i went in and had someone fix it
ooooh
it's still the same phone?
but now something else is wrong. it was working fine until 2 days ago
yeah!
I thought you went through with the new phone like a dumbo
the Lord wants me to upgrade to a Galaxy S5
but you didn't
or 6. whatever is the latest one lol
i did RedManBearPig but R said i should save my funds and fix the screen
Good man
so like a good gf, i followed his advice
now something else is wrong
The earplug socket problem can't be fixed
it's a samsung right?
i can hear people fine with headphones or via speaker
it's a droid
google phone?
er, yeah
it's an Android OS Droid mini
okay
So if there is nothing stuck in there
try some other headphones
my headphones work fine. it's when i don't use headphones and i just want the phone to my ear
i can't hear shit
Oooh
That's replaceable but will cost you
a motorola droid isn't worth it, get a galaxy s6
:( :(
i miss the days of those nokia flip phones
you could drop those bitches from the ceiling
I barely use my phone as a phone anymore
how much RedManBearPig ?
is it more than fixign a screen?
the screen cost you about 70 dollars no?
i lov emy galaxy s5
i got the galaxy note 5,  LOVE IT
how are ppl breakinghteir phones all the tie?
no idea, brian does the same
yeah RedManBearPig 
i never break my phone
AtlasB: i was rushing to catch the bus
the motorola droid was from android's awkward phase
and my phone fell in our stairwell
build quality has greatly improved in the last two years
I think you should think around a similar price tag Sunhappy but it might be more costly
or more cheap
it depends on price of the microphone
wow
we're laying off two teams :(
jesus what a morning
RedManBearPig: i think i'm gonna get a quote, but then i will seriously consider getting a new phone and then getting those Otterboxes
the new galaxy s7 is going to be released in two months, prices for the s6 are going to drop.
the S6 was just released. no way
prices have already dropped in Dubai. Got mine for $380
not bad
i think when i tried to buy it
it was 580
 <Sunhappy> the Lord wants me to upgrade to a Galaxy S5
oooh an s7 already??!!
Dont get the 6
Its shit
nonsense
it's a great phone
You cant change the memory or batteriea
so what?
And it isnt that much of an upgrade
And had other issues
whaaaa
Just wait for 7
so frustrating
the constant "upgrades"
is just inflating costs
It's more powerful than the iphone 6, great build quality. The only issue the s6 has is the battery life
i just want a nice phone to call my bf on
and take photos
and stream vids and browse facebook
that's it!
the camera is amazing
that's all i do on my phone
hmm retinal scanner
I took this from a moving car on the way home: http://i.imgur.com/cYAvRPZ.jpg
nice
no sd card is a bit of a letdown but if you buy one with enough storage it barely matters
where are you, dubai?
do androids have better cameras?
than iphones?
I like the s6's better than the iphone
Mashakos, is that dubai
not per se griddy
yep
depends on the brand
because everytime im at a concernt
and everyone is taping or snapping photos on their phones
the androids cameras and what they capture
look 10x better
and i become enraged!
i was at a wedding
and someone pulled out an actual camera
and i marveled at it
lol
lmaoo
remember in college
like what are thooooooose
everyone had their actual digital cameras
with lens and shit
at parties
yeah!
everywhere
at R's parent's house
now all of my friends
i saw a polaroid :O
suddenly all have SLRs
im like when the hell did everyone become a photographer
R mocks me because i have almost zero recollection of film
as a concept
i see them in cvs stores but i never really....used it
where can you even get film processed nowadays?
even i know what films are
i know what film is!
i just never used it
like collected the little rolls or whatever
I miss videotapes
by the time i came of age where i gave a fuck (around 10) we had digital by then
I don't miss vhs
all that damned rewinding
i murdered the VHS to Bring it On
SLRs mattered more back in the day because they could show you what your photo would look like
before it was printed. Regular cameras you just hoped for the best
kay must work now
Mashakos: i just mean nowadays everyone has a $800 camera
even my mom
because she wanted "real photos"
lol
I learned the hard way that if you don't put the effort in to become a good photographer SLRs are going to give you worse pictures
its a bit tricky to dial in SLR settings if you're new, but man oh man, so worth it
turned my mycology photos into art
the more expensive the SLR the more shitty the auto presets are it seems. You really have to commit to a proper SLR.
yup
I'm more interested in video tbh. Waiting for decent 4k cameras to go down in price.
oooh 4K
my phone can shoot 4k actually
i think the newer ones can
6s can
i have 6
but yeah, nothing like a DarkMagic Cinema. Those things go for $4000 though
hyave to check that out
a bit pricey for a small hobby
i always found the iphone shoots better video than it takes photos
that's true
I was iPhone only for the past 8 years, the galaxy s6 sold me on android.
iphone blows
wow
total shit
just watched a few footage videos
for that camera
really crisp 
the BlackMagic Cinema?
i think
just typed it in on youtube
also 4K takes forever to laod on youtube
i thought 1080 was bad
heh
i dont think my windows 7 prof can handle it lawl
gotta use the office mac
ugh
now i want this camera
if i were rich i would buy it
it's pointless to watch 4k videos
it's amazing
filozof: they're so purdy though
the quality is barely better and the video freezes 
nah
quality is def better
the files are so huge the camera takes a full SSD hard disk
but yeah this freezing is bullshit
avg comp ram hasnt caught up to the needs of 4k
4k video looks good on screens that have higher resolution than 1080p
like 4K tvs
which i also cant afford
the s6 has a higher resolution than 1080p, heh
wompity womp
this is why I stopped buying brand name PCs and build my own
brand name PCs have shit hardware
I mean, friggin mobile phones can run 4k video
who buys brand name PCs?
meanwhile HP and Dell are packing in the hardware of an Atari 2600 in their laptops
i didn't know such creature exists
not everyone is a nerd
"I mean, friggin mobile phones can run 4k video"
that's true
the plebs are being fooled
if you want to buy a laptop griddy (and you don't want to pay the apple tax) 
remember this brand and model: Lenovo Y700
the only laptop under $1000 I trust
thanks!
stickied!
ahhh it's a gaming comp
makes sense those comps would be better for graphics
i'm a gaming comp!
don't worry about the advertising, it's a solid piece of hardware 
.context
no i believe you
the cons are trivial
woah woah
"keyboard is light to touch"
gaming laptop
hold on
laptop = good
gaming computer = good
I personally prefer Lenovo's (which were IBM's) laptop keyboards to Apple's - even though I use a macbook pro
gaming laptop = bad
those things need a lot of TLC
now you're getting nerdy SexyMcSexington 
i dont want people wasting money!
griddy doesn't want to join the PC Gaming Master Race
i does not lol
or do you griddy? Ascend! JOIN US! 
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/508/690/0d8.jpg
drink from the nectar of GabeN
straight from GabeN's man tits
SexyMcSexington: what is that yellow bar
lmao Mashakos 
im so mad bronies are a runner up
griddy: why, the glorious pc gaming master race of course
why is that android with a wig your logo?
do you have a link to the glorious PCMR dirty console peasant meme SexyMcSexington ? My internet is slow
Mashakos: http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/508690-the-glorious-pc-gaming-master-race
just accidentally typed my password to filozof
now he knows my bank details
whoops, try http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/the-glorious-pc-gaming-master-race instead
Jack4ss: lmao
i'm a dirty console peasant
when i play games i use the thing in my living room
hisssssss
unless The Sims
The Sims console version sucks
and i guess minecraft is better on PC too
yes, games are like fine caviar on PC, while the peasants eat potoato
but like if youre just going to play GTA and Madden
all you need is a couch
and a 49 inch
and soda
how do i find the name of my pc
or in my case "red wine!"
which shows up on the router
"while the peasants eat potoato" lmao
my dad is playing around with a wifi thingy, and he says there is a clashing ip. so i unplugged it
Mashakos: !
I'm a "filthy casual"
"Filthy Casual is a term used on message boards and in comments to negatively describe a gamer who only plays casual games that require a low level of commitment and skills. "
you mention the couch to a PCMR, they will hand you a booklet explaining the glorious way of the living room home theater PC
that is me
if im going to dedicate that much energy to something
heh
id rather it be literally a host of other things
oh there are a host of other things when you join the PCMR. You can have the game on one screen, PPD on the 2nd and tranny porn on the 3rd
GLORIOUS!
hahahaah
i love your commitment to your master race of potential NEETs
i accept it from you because you have a job
yes yes
(i think)
wait, what's a NEET?
NEET?
.ud NEET
can no one help me :(
Jack4ss: the nerds are here
they just arent helpful
one of you must work in IT here!!!!
geez goddamit
also i cant help you
lol
Jack4ss: you on windows?
yes bro
win 10
Jack4ss: one of you must work in IT here!!!! <- yes but we dont want to tech support ;)
ack, bro
hello sexy how do i turn my computer on
not sure if I want to help you anymore
pls
ill give u karma
hah
as long as you never use the word bro again
breh, brah, bruh
all acceptable however
looking for loopholes?
DENIED
i realized white guys use "bro"
black guys use "breh" 
sometimes "bruh"
i heard someone really articulate "bro" yday
I thought black guys used home boy
and it shocked me
because i havent heard it aloud since college
Mashakos: homie/holmes/home boy
i can set an auto auth/mode on connection, right?
but "brehhh"
is a thing
the most common
so i don't have to type 194u25yq[3 characters
bruh lol
breeehhhh
dont worry mashakos, i fixed it
sounds retarded 
im clever me
question to chat
what is the oldest civilization? and how old was it?
babylon I believe
10,000 years
on the rivers of babylon
fkin tune m8
nm, found it
okay that's what i was taught as well
someone said 2500 BC
and i'm like what?
sunhappytwerk
lol
civilization started around 10,000-9500 BC in Mesopotamia 
2500 bc is like teenage years in civilisations 
I was curious about the origins of the sphynx
Witzie why are my carrots slimey?
minecraft carrots?
HAHAHA
was a little creeped out when I discovered that even the oldest recorded texts of the ancient egyptians were basically saying "fuck knows"
No real carrots
what u been using the carrots for witz
You are vegetarian I assume you know these things
u know u have to eat them in order to get the nutrients
the oldest recorded civilization
is in the harrapan valley
in india
i beleive
i'm seeing texts saying that as well
andtheyve tried to draw links woith sumer
so i stand corrected
i was just looking ffor that
11:49 AM <@drok> You are vegetarian I assume you know these things 
but basically
that's RACIST
Meh
human civilization didn't start in 2500 BC
writing predates that as well
since the sumerians appear to be unrelated to the later semitic cultures
that sounds like a biblical timeline
2500 bc?
lol
drok do you really want to know? 
who says that
Yeah
my cousin said that 
catal huyuk and gobeli tepe are way older
you haven't been...attending...to Nika recently.  She's had to turn to...alternate...phalluses
dork
i knew mesopotemia was way older
*drok
that's why your carrots are slimy
anatolia is even older than sumer
there was domestication of animals in egypt around 8k bc
These are baby carrots
FUCKING HELL YOUR GF IS A PEDO
and trading already happening THEN
egypt is later
Petite baby carrots
than both
never have ons with her drok
*sons
egypt is not that early
Lol
the harrapan valley and anatolia
i need a historical text proving the earliest civilization
harappan?
my brain refuses to not know lol
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%87atalh%C3%B6y%C3%BCk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indus_Valley_Civilisation
thanks
also
how do you prove how old something is?
other than carbon dating
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%B6bekli_Tepe
carbon dating
or i think  potassium argon?
 Mesopotamia is the site of the earliest developments of the Neolithic Revolution from around 10,000 BC. It has been identified as having "inspired some of the most important developments in human history including the invention of the wheel, the planting of the first cereal crops and the development of cursive script, Mathematics, Astronomy and Agriculture.
that is what i was thinking
its not true tho
harappan and catal huyuk predate it
i believe you
i'm just saying, my brain was citing misinfomration
but i didn't pull it out of air
no
i read an article that suggested the earliest homo sapiens had the cognitive ability for "sputnik), just no history or idea to need it
theres no way to determine that
are you guys only talking about groupins /civilizations that goverend?
other than by what they did
right
civilization=civis
cities
agricutlrue
stone
ok
animal husbandry
currency
right
i love that we don't really know
oops
i believe you AtlasB 
ever hit the shift key and some weird sentence you typed pops up
im not trying to convince you
i know im right
maybe its not the shft
im typing
i just wanted to know if the 2500 BC figure was accurate because i know enough about history to know that figure is off
but i didn't know the exact region
2500 is way late
right
11:58:10 AM <AtlasB> im not trying to convince you
11:58:12 AM <AtlasB> i know im right
rofl
AtlasB> theres no way to determine that <-- technological achievement is a result of centuries to millennia of incremental breakthroughs. I don't doubt that intelligence existed 20 thousand years ago. They were just dealing with starting things
you're so confident!! <3 <3
i wish it was one line so i could addquote
browsing reddit brings up some seriously cringeworthy posts
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/3x8nog/me_21f_with_my_boyfriend_22m_2_months_embarassed/
poor little angel
you can put those two lines in one
i'm too lazy :O
there was this great TED talk where a guy tried to build a toaster from scratch. Without using any manufactured parts. It showed how even the most rudimentary appliance requires the mastering of complex techniques from various disciplines.
this is what he ended up with https://tedcdnpi-a.akamaihd.net/r/tedcdnpe-a.akamaihd.net/images/ted/c0dad5978acf311af98891b7686da155b4faa744_800x600.jpg?quality=89&w=800
did he make the wiring himself?
the coating?
:(
https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/41ueyf/i_literally_cant_afford_to_take_this_promotion/
oh nm, its looks like just copper
this guy
is dealing with that thing when you have to decide between staying on govt assistance
or taking a loss in income via a promotion
also im impressed that they run a 4 person household on 15 an hour from one person
i cant even
and isnt economical for her to be a SAHM in their situation?
it's kind of rigged tht way
i have so many questions
is it*
happywifelife: yeah it us
is*
"Or, can you salary sacrifice money into your 401k (we call our similar version super annuation, in Australia) to decrease your gross income?"
anyone got any non rap- hiphop
this could work
ask his job to place some of the reported income into benefits
Jack4ss: The Internet
fu griddy sick of yo shit
god bless america
just move to northern europe
wut
Jack4ss: lmaoo
no
The Internet is a non rap hip hop group
christ ya ass
The internet isn't that great
ill pop a cap in yo ass
I like it
but it's not great
RedManBearPig: i dont think they're great
but i thought of them
The Internet is hip hop
when he gave that criteria
Yes
but i did like their album last year
The internet is hip hop drok
try wax tailor
better than some other shit i listened to
that's good stuff
Ego Death
Jack4ss: https://youtu.be/LR9QUys14Mw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEi9ZQrEjr8
Jack4ss: i also like Watch the Duck https://youtu.be/M-1Qt-7_xq0
imagine if an old soul rock singer
was a rapper
and from atlanta
lol
Also Raury
Raury Devil's Whisper: https://youtu.be/LoI2C6pW9AQ
actually there's so much
just go to Pitchfork
Hello everyone
oh hey it's an indian
RedManBearPig: i like that song
Que Sera
it's good right?
Wax tailor makes some good music
just followed him on Spotify
the weeknd can't be considered hip-hop right?
yeah
but i havent liked him since his mixtapes
such a hater
I just put his new cd into my player
im not lol
im just partial to his mixtapes
me and my ex drove around and had so many roadtrips to this song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TAko3RH0bk
and then James Blake
but A LOT of that song "The Morning"
nice
https://theirbatedbreath.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/theweeknd_houseofballoons-e1300751153846.jpg?w=455&h=425
loved the artwork to that mixtape too
who doesnt love a passed out chick in a bathtub full of balloons
hahaha
you down with kanye griddy?
kanye is my best friend
fuck have you heard his new song "Real Friends"
so good
no not yet
im trying to just wait for the album
aah right right
but i'll fuck up and listen
apparently, xo means kiss and hug
yes yes it does]
i just found out now
maybe teenage girls speak a different language
like i don't know what they mean by :3
apparently you never got kited a love note in grade school
all i see is a girl deepthroating
haha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugs_and_kisses
dates back to the middle ages
Wow, that post little_red_ .  
lol, these posts
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/
Why is it that some people seem to need the collective internet's opinion to decide if a partner should be dumped?
madscilove: is that posed at women?
do women "get laid"
posed at all BP
ironically only a woman answered lol
and they have a question for "how often do you give/get bjs"
so unisex
Isnt he a dude
lmao
i "got laid"
so did all my friends
i have sex
BeyondTheLight: I don't know what he/she is
she mentioned having a period
so I guess female
word
she's a woman
OP is a man
She could hve been a goat and I would have believed you
xD
Just pick a damn gender already
madscilove: haha
i just realized 
"how often do you get or give bjs"
that's his version of unisex
wow im slow
lolol
me too
but it's before 8am here so I think I have an excuse
i didnt see anything wrong with it
then i was like "heyyyy"
"ive been duped!"
ozymandias is a genderfluid demigirl
I hate those posts
i believe she's scott alexander's girlfriend
Where people ask about their personal lives
or whatever-friend
It's just going to be selection bias
Thales will not respond to that thread
Or I will eat my hat
i wont respond either
You aren't snap
BP
those posts can be fun, but they're so circlejerky
not like any good discussion is gonna come of it
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5fa4u
lol
thats hardcore
are you serious?
abistinent?!?
abstinent*
Sorry witzie she just aint a sloot like you
dam catholics
Dont you see a unicorn 
I like how everyone who answered so far is a woman
lol
haha
bp men have no game
except for ozy
jesus, do we reallly need to know how much when on her period
gawd i hate women sometimes
waiting for m'lady to notice 
Rofl SerNemesis 
'Tis true
madscilove: i answered
He will dead bedroom right now, undead bedroom during marriage
Hey I gave a good response
"I'm just going to note that the female version of oral sex isn't considered in this OP."
griddy++
loll
i had to point it out!
.context
hmm ok I'm over vamp
I thought about answering, still might. but I don't really like telling strangers that much about myself
I was in bed last night thinking about unicorns - at each level of physical SMV, don't the betas far outnumber the unicorns?
that's why alphas shoot out of their physical smv - a 9 will want a 9 alpha, but there aren't that many, so she'll settle or an 8, or 7, physically, rather than a 9 beta
I'd suddenly remembered an old post comparing "alpha" to "alpha" in finance
how do you mean you are over vamp?
I mean, the general concept that unicorns are worth purusing
pursuing*
even if they're out there, everyone's looking for one, BPers especially
I'm just looking for a girl that can handle me
you weren't the guy who was dating vamp right?
vampsquid?
no,
tl;dr, I'd forgotten that hot girls who prefer betas existed
vamp is zealously claiming to be one of them
but then I remembered even if they do exist it doesn't matter
10:06 AM <bardolatta> I was in bed last night thinking about unicorns <--- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Last_Unicorn_(film)
b/c of ratios
I think different women prefer different amounts of beta
bardolatta: just know this 9s pair with 9s and so on on average
that's the basis of the whole LLL, HLH, etc.
No magic
from camille's post the other day
right but overall at any given physical "league," LH, HH women far outnumber H men
which is why pretty girls dip below their league for super alphas, which confirms what I've seen
there are plenty of LL women, though
I'd say more than HH and HL women
I.... still don't believe this
except on the internet, because I think mostly masculine-brained women get enough of a kick out of this to stick around
this endless analyzing and arguing
i deleted all my reddit posts but long story short
no defo more LL women in this world
^
PPD is very selection bias-y
but ... if we're looking at the prettiest girls
this is what I've seen IRL
90% prefer H men
no
I really disagree, bardolatta
wow really
you think they prefer H men because they go after the chad/alpha brand
most women would be scared off by a very high dom man
Yes
look at atlas's husband. most women couldn't handle that
i mean i guess we disagree on H
exactly
they want a soft cuddly, stable beta
with just enough alpha to keep them attracted
not super high dom alphas
like I exclude physical violence
and crime
who'll hurt and scare them
Most women would probably go for LA at the max.
idn I'm in an upper middle class bubble
*when I say hurt, I don't necessarily mean physically
the upper middle class only contains like 10% h men
i don't know much about atlas' husband
that's my estimate atleast
Yeag lol
like what wouldn't they be able to handle
10:14:08 <@madscilove> they want a soft cuddly, stable beta
They arent that H bardolatta 
What they want and what they go for are often two different things
well that's why I amended madscilove> with just enough alpha to keep them attracted
no I mean, I still think we have different definitions
Most of the shit I pulled in high school would have legit scared  90% of the people
maybe what I think is H, you think is betea
it's a sliding scale, but most women are low-dom and want lower-dom men
Right madscilove beta fucks
yep
what is High dom to you bardolatta?
explain
But even then women seem to have a knack for sleeping with alpha fucks before they figure out how to find beta fucks
rodolph in madame bovary,
osmond in portrait of a lady
someone who teases, drops negs, confident
flirts a lot with other girls
high n count, flamboyantly so
aggressive toward other men, bullies people verbally
loud
...
Lol 
That sounds alpha
Is that H 
And h too yeah
that doesn't tell me anything
??
because I don't know the guys
Right RedManBearPig 
right I guess I was using H differently
Also it sounds like terp definition
lol I am wondering if high, high dominance men can even flirt
hmm... major miscom
yeah I don't understand what H means to you guys
Yours just sound like a player beta
....
Not high dom
i guess i don't know what high dom means
do you know drok?
what does it mean to you
10:18 AM <RedManBearPig> lol I am wondering if high, high dominance men can even flirt <--- high dom men are mostly naturals at talking
ime
High Dom?
like is there a movie character
Yeah
yes talking fiat
Pretty aggressive bosses women around  doesnt take shit
they don't need a script or to remind themselves to talk
or novel character
but flirting is a way communication
two way communcation
this guys is living the dream
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5fzqc
man I got downvoted for calling emily a monstr
good
lol
why griddy :(?
because she isnt
yeah I don't know what aggressive or boss women around mean
they both believe sex is for marriage
Yeah griddy that soft harem
I wasn't even serious
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5fa4u
Man she has no humor
to me LL/HL mean =
is turned off by agree and amplify
Poor boyfriend
which is like 5% of the population
He has to wait and she isnt funny
What a shit deal
hahahaha
BeyondTheLight to me if you need to yell at your gf you've lost
you should have so much dread/frame, you only need to speak softly
like the godfather
But that is alpha
yeah but who prefers that
a high dominance man doesn't have to yell at his girl, not often
Not often
idk, no offense it seems prolish
But you get the idea
it is
Guess what bardolatta 
It is
there are few high dom upper caste men
Hat is what alphas are
my h yell sat me just to make a point
lol
You think that the scrubs on reddit are alphas?
hahahahahaha
bardo all of your infoprmation comes from readingnot from life
I just use alpha to mean the behaviorally that's maximally attractive to women
no they're betas learning to be alpha
No lol
no
no
They wont be alpha
theyr eomegas
learnign to be beta
lol atlasb
thats drivel
they are asian omegas
and to emulate some alpha behaviors
not all alpha behavior is attractive to women
which makes it worse
Hahahahahah
and some of it is detrimental to your life in society
I mean this is semantics
ive spoke to most guys in trp on skype
id say its an even split
no its th eother sid eof the alpha coin madsci
No its not bardolatta 
Jack4ss: most of 100k guys?
its nto semantics
what do you mean, AtlasB?
lol Phantom i just saw your comment from earlier
sunhappy dont be ridiculous
the parts womenarrent attracted to
together-ish for a year. /facepalm
most the guys from trp chat, on skype
10-15 people
the guys on trp chat ar elow rent mexicans and schvugs
you get an even split of betaas/omegas/alphas
lol i know :)
imo
so some of them have alpha behaviors
by dint of not being upper caste
:0) You can tell a lot about a person based on how they talk about dating
is there a singl ewhite guy in trp chat besides the russian
Most upper class men arent going to be alpha
trp chat is full of dudes wanting blondes and trying to do coke
for some reason
er yeah atlasb
I always love the "our relationship cannot be defined by conventional terms"
they are all so shockingly and embarrassingly low rent
wehn i looked at it
u talk about shit u know nothing about and pass it off as fact
even if they were monogamous and together 100% the rest of the post is nauseating 
mentality
anteros is hispanic
shes bitching about the way he holds a fork. i mean relaly
tizen is russian
mkred
who are you
Oh haha, I didn't get past that statement
:0)
is blakc i think not sure
lol
I'll try again
moron omega red is a schvug
joeortega
hispanic
physt is white i think
yeah
so thats one
She knows what she is talking about lol
and also PAyback is white
ok
I prefer the term honkey myself
As soon as I here "I don't believe in monogamy" or any of that other flowery relationship jargon 
I tune out
you dirty honkey
lol
she complains about his behavior (which is mostly overreaction, he didnt do anything out of line) and says she cant beleive he is "doing this to me"
i mean what's the point of L if it encompasses both omega and beta player behaviora
(friends etc)
poor precious angel
Oh good
its you level of cdominance
victim complex
not your behaviors
your natural need to lead and command
you ability to conform and supoplicate
it just differentiates low and high dom behavior
link?
When I originally asked my boyfriend to go he didn't want to, but he agreed anyway."
youre need to be risk taking
selfish
beta behavior is different than omega, but still low dominance
So right off the bat - he's DOING something FOR her
your natural levels of it
and ignoring his preference
he held his silverware in a manner she didnt agree with, bounced against the back of the chair and cheered when someone was recognized for an accomplishment
THE JERK!
my h cannot tolerate dominanc ein othe rhumans period
right
"trp chat is full of dudes wanting blondes and trying to do coke" ooh whats the link
i want to spy
why are they "trying" to do coke
just do it
its easy
lol
when i first joined RP, some guy pm'ed me
hahaha
i meant to send something from imgur to my boss earlier and sent that link lol
said he joined TRP and got his count up to 8 in the last few months
there's a discrepancy between the alpha vs beta dichotomy and the alpha|beta vs omega dichotomy that bugs me
or something
just be a girl with big tits and go to a bar
griddy: not much to see there lol
easy peasy
i was like uhhhh my bad. 
said he watned to do coke with a friend for some holiday
ha
#howdoiexplainthis
that's a weird thing to PM someone
the ones we most commonly use between alpha vs beta is a matter of behaviour, self inhibition, etc
who plans drugs
but the one between beta and omega is in terms of ability
well i thought he was being nice at first, cuz TRP was kind of harsh to girls
omega has the same inclinations, they just fail more than betas at it
but then i think he was creepin
it's confusing and a bit inconsistent at times
I'll fix things for her by locking her underground for a year
good god
there were tits or gtfo aout women there
so i stopped going
HAHAHA
you have to have dsome real life experience with men
to understand the nuances of it
ok, so for you guys, what I term beta, you term omega
omegas are just failures of alphas and betas...
yes
betas are just regular guys
thats what TRP is doing
lol i think she just ignored it but i still lol'd
but how many women want actual H? not many right
calling omegas beta and greater betas alpha
most regular guys get laid. it's not some magical event
no
they want HIGHER than them
not H
yar
H is difficult
H drives you to the psychward
H are usualy considered "abusive" b y non HH women
if you don't have a H threshold 
they ar emean and controlling
selfish
jerks
AtlasB> H are usualy considered "abusive" b y non HH women
Mixing up links or posting something under my normal handle instead of Phantom is something I worry about....probably too much
yeah who wants that
lol, unfortunately
me
i want that
not me
never again hahaha
and have it
I don't mind it either
i want a man who will kill for m in a heartbneat
thats all i care about
Yeah, Miss Manners just needs a good forking
looks and murder
my guy is dominant enough, which is wonderful
ok in roissy terminology that's asshole alpha
he can live in a trashcan
yes
that you use on strippers
Probably an extrovert
no
and I guess, high T women
J once texted a coworker "thanks Kitten" instead of me.  The coworker thought it was hilarious
its not techniques
its an actual male archetype
HAHAHA
That's fantastic
dotn confuse traits
there's a difference between H and asshole, I think
men like that are super attractive
but i dont' think many women would find any comfort in being with them
I wouldn't call my fiance an asshole. he's just high dom. he's quite nice most of the time
they are super attractive but women cant handle them
i'm sure most ladies have encountered them
they othe rbuck them and get beat
and had ONSs
or fall aapart and cant take it
lol kitten
they aren't assholes 
right my h is super nice most of the time
despite the funny stories i tell
that's why i like Camille's theory
buit when hes not
the ground shakes
asshole is subjective. it's what's your willing to handle
right, you just don't push people like that too far
Right dominance is independent of assholeness
goodness, i can't imagine H mad
my h tells me hes an asshole all the time
from some of the crazy shit AtlasB has said
omg you have no idea how scary he is
hes genuinely frightenign
scary people make me :(
Well low dominance guys have a hard time being assholes in the classical sense I supoose
More passive aggressive
they cant carry it off
the closest i've been to seeing my ex mad, i was terrified and all he did was raise his voice
high dominance men are violent
R hasn't been mad at me yet
the latent violence intheir anger
doesnt come off peevish
or butthurt
they walk the walk
Is that all you ened Sunhappy ?
Wow.
what?
Just some shouting
yes
shouting doesnt work on high dom women
why would i ever test further? mom said if you get in a man's face, they will beat you
they shout back
"eye contact"
african men always hit
so i didn't want to test that
gunplay is pretty effective
lol
AtlasB> they shout back
yes
same in relationships
if R got loud with me, i know i crossed a serious line
cuz he's laid back
omg if he hit me, i'd be destroyed!
someone starts shouting at me and I start hollering back
my h yells at everythign like archie bunker
lol archie <3
if i reacted to all yelling
A lot of women instinctively glance briefly and then avert their eyes
id go crazy
underrated American icon
im jus tlike yes dear
shouting
and cold shoulders
the governemtn is bad
fuck with me
NYE saw F and I screaming at each other downtown
i don't think most women can handle more than just shouting
It can be anything from attraction, to just being shy
he punched a wrought iron fence a few times
why get to the point a man wants to put his hands on you?
scared the shit out of pedestrians
If there's a smile accompanying the reaction, that's a good indication
Sunhappy https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/3x8nog/me_21f_with_my_boyfriend_22m_2_months_embarassed/
my friend is getting to that point. she argues with her bf, huge fights
kicking in windows and shit
that man is gonna slap her soon
and she'll cry abuse
"I'm a relatively attractive man but never realized it until recently. Now that I realize it, I have noticed that women have trouble looking me in the eyes. I think it has something to do with an innate fear of rejection or appearing desperate and is to protect their ego. This is a problem for me because I take eye contact as a necessary IOI before I choose
to invest further interest. I want female feedback.Tell me what you're thinking when you see an attractive man but don't want to be caught staring first or are afraid of eye contact"
madscilove: how do you handle it? getting loud with your BF but he doesn't hit you?
they hit with their mouths
lol
he doesn't hit me, but he'll break or hit things around me, and that usually scares me quite a bit
if my h opens his mouth to you
youve gettin hit
I'm pretty much always the one who backs down first
the lowest blow youve ever been hit with
hell say anything
Oooo yeah, those hurt
hell call you a nigger and a jew
i hate mean words :(
he goes off the rails
he tells me "and youre why hitle rkilled th ejews"
lol
"because they wer emessy"
lolol
aw
thats usually about whne the fight jumps the shark
i have the lowest tolerance for shit like that
because it sliek an icepick in my INTJ brain
I just don't tell people IRL anything about my relationship because I know they'd flip out
i'd just be a messy puddle of tears
i actually feel like i have to stop an dcorrect him
"why so hurtful????? :( :( :( :("
llol
Hahahahahahaha
RedManBearPig++
madscilove: i had that same issue 
with my ex
BeyondTheLight++
i dont' discuss my relationship now
SerNemesis++
but my friends flipped out
cuz my ex said i can't cut my hair
and they called him abusive over that
lol
TheXanMan++
if i went into deeper stuff
yeh anythign a man wants is abuse
10:40:34 <@AtlasB> my h yells at everythign like archie bunker
they'd try to get me into a shelter or something
now i'm very "we're doing well" about my relatinoship, no matter what
I wouldn't say Archie bunker was all that high dominance though
archie bunker was awesome
sure he was
he bullied everyoen around him
did you not watch the show?
his wife was super L
If Edith has shouted back he wouldnt have been able to escalate
was confrontational
Confrontational sure
she hit him once
Phantom i saw that earlier
it broke his heart
But he didn't escalate
i really didnt get that
at all
cuz she's a woman
who cares
ok hes a fictional characret
I dunno why I got karma but thanks
Whoa I don't remember that one atasb
He doesn't understand what's going on
you want norman lear to have written him walloping edith
he said to her
Hahaha
Touche
"in all the years weve been together
i never belte dyou
Archie Bunker! That's who Steve Avery's dad reminds me of
like othe rguys do
and she said
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2008/03/21/when-a-girl-needs-an-asshole/
"i never gave you  any reasont o
and she wa sright
god i miss that show
If women are quickly looking away and pretending they never saw him - they aren't attracted to him, they are literally trying to pretend he doesn't exist
what do you think HH women are bardo?
i need to watch some again
nice happy homemaker virgins?
thats sort of what i was starting to point out but i was going to edit to add that i dont understand why he doesnt just go over to trp
like when you look away if a guy is scratching his junk
they are strippers
;ol
druggies
sluts
then again i looked at his post history and i always assume someones a troll so
lol
"polite blindness"
lawyers
single moms
lol
phantom yes thats what i was thinking
haha
ok I have to work, but this is super interesting even if it's just semantis
bardollata the women here are not talking about behaviours that we "use". they care more about a state of being. She's talking about that, "genuine alpha" archetype
Druggy sluts, just my type
it snot just semantics
he said he just "realized" hes attractive
HAHAHA
Yeah
like how women use "normal" to mean cool and not "average" like men do
right
griddy did you read camilles essay
"I don't know how I missed it all this time" 
later all
i havent seen camille in 10 years
so no lol
http://i.imgur.com/7pAE4cy.png
you have to keep in mind they're speaking from the perspective of women. they have less incentive to care about the process
I was thinking that too griddy haha
this soup is making my life
much more focused on the finished product
You thinking that you're hot doesn't make you appealing to other people
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
she wrote a genuine piece of RP theory
Confidence is good, but it's the feedback from other people that makes your looks more than self-delusion
100% this
she's a really good writer
if women are averting their eyes and youre taking that as youre so attractive they just cant stand to look at how beautiful you are...
no
AtlasB> nice happy homemaker virgins?
Attraction isn't a one person equation - you have to have a second person that actually has that feeling of attraction
and she's gonna expand on the theory in later posts
do you think H men even want that?
genuinely curious
noppe
i don't think so
they want women who can ride harleys with them
R dropped me off and was straight up "i don't like submissive women"
he wants someone that can take charge
Normally I reject anything that says you should listen to (or care about) what other people think etc
and manage shit when he's not around or busy
AtlasB: ah, yeah that sounds about right
no high dominance men dotn want that eiher
Lol fucking emilycharland
but attraction is one of the few exceptions
HH women are gun molls
not mommy moo cows
it all intersects
a LOT of mommy moo cows
the bad ones
Doesn't understand how RPs view on women can even represent a significant minority
are HL
they are the problem
sup PPDBot
the HL mommy moo cow
i dont' think R is high dominance. it think he's higher end of low dominance
Is abstinent until marriage and no divorce Catholic
is the divorce rapist
sometimes I go a bit "happy homemaker" after reading too much rpw and I can tell it bores F
yeh
he'd rather I be fun and get drunk with him
than clean things
the issue with me and my h
Men who are lower in dominance (1-5.4 on the DL scale) have a higher ratio of beta traits in comparison to alpha traits. At the lowest end of the spectrum they can be easygoing, empathetic, gentle, and considerate. They can also be sensitive, emotional, unconfident, indecisive, and soft. The 3.5s-5.4s exhibit more alpha traits but their nature is that of a
greater beta. These men are able to provide comfort and leadership as required in a relationship.
is he wants the cleanign part
lol
goo dluck!
i can take a beating! yell at me about it three times a year
lol
10:50 AM <AtlasB> no high dominance men dotn want that eiher <--- that might be related to low FTO
It's so nice to have you around more little_red_ 
thenill go play minecraft
but yeah i can see how low FTO and high dom men wouldn't care about homemaking traits
i'd love to be a happy homemaker
i just can't be at home waiting for orders on what to do
:D i've missed you guys so much, life was just crazy with the move/job hunt
who does that?
I mean, I think they like the results. clean houses are nice
i think his ex wife did
yeh
normalcy has returned so ive tried to get back to rpw :)
but low fto = not planning for that
but they don't want you to be too tired from cleaning to go out and paint the town red
I'm still trying to figure that out
lol
Yeah drok she is a bitch
i look forward to the next post
I think in that case, if rich enough, they'd prefer you just pay someone to clean. lol
i don't care too much about homemaking (can always hire maids for that), but i have other long-term considerations
on identifying which 3 letters reflect your relationship more
i'm sure heavily alpha males, low FTO males don't care
care about what?
care about nice homemaking virgins they were talking about earlier
pfff
I think she did a great job with the taxonomies AtlasB 
they day that I'd marry virgin is the day that I die
fiat> i don't care too much about homemaking (can always hire maids for that), but i have other long-term considerations
like what?
Good. The move was successful? Are you still in the process of settling?
if she'd be a good mother
it's a good consideration
sense of ethics would be good too so she's not a raging bitch i have to watch over all the time
i'm not a low FTO alpha who would just fix problems through phys violence alone
i'd rather avoid that if possible.
but violence is the best solution
lawd
my fav part of camille's post
"we are not discussing omegas in this OP"
The move was successful, we ended up just finding an apartment in a really nice area since we only had a week to scout and we just wanted something in a good neighborhood. I hate apartment living because elephant feet so I'd really like to get a house sometime  this year but other than that things are just great
she hurt a lot of feelings there
I loved that comment too
didn't hurt mine
I'm really happy with the job that I landed, it pays a little less than some other offers that I had but the environment/employees are worth it
grrrrr
it's because you might be somewhat reasonable
filozof
why do you even self identify as omega???
yall crazy
why not?
maybe he really believes that he's omega, griddy
the guy's just being objective
i kind of respect that
I agree with fiat
i dont see why i would call myself anything but omega if i'm one
fiat depends
there;s objective
and then there's xem self loathing
i never know with interent ppl
i don't think he's necessarily self loathing. this is just a small irc channel
so i prefer to not identify as something i dont want to be
filozof hasn't been showing any self-loathing
it's not like he's announcing these things to business clients/coworkers
pretty sure that to fix a problem, you have to identify it
exactly filozof
people who can affect his standing and ease of living
and griddy you're mean
how am i mean?
That's great! Yeah, apartments can be tough. I only lived in one for a year and that was enough for me
i dont see how it would be better if i identified as a high value man
when clearly i'm not one
http://imgur.com/a/rrNF8
pictures of where i work
filozof++
At least develop confidence
what's the point of lying on this irc
how is that me being mean?
yeah i'm so anxious i just want to break the lease and buy a house lol
we just have diff methods of improving
PhantomDream: tough how?
no, i was referring to something different
fiat: idk you should ask nadya 
:P
breaking the lease is like $1600
did you have your own place or did you roomshare?
I wonder if a muslem has raped her yet
im a big believer in putting energies out there that are good for me
"energies"
saying im an omega just wouldnt help me
but it helps you 
cool
right griddy, and i think filozof's way of thinking is characteristically male
fiat that's cool
ime not as common from women, but it seems rather normal for him
and i hope it helps him improve
I can say filozof is objective to almost a fault
because ive seen men on PPD and TRP idenitfy as such
and it doesnt help
it just depresses them
i dunno, i had similar mindset when i needed to improve
right blowing
I just don't like apartments, never felt like MY space with so many people around me. It felt like a weird version of dormitory life when I was in college - except my neighbors weren't my friends - just strangers. 
integrity, honesty with self is first step to improvement
i saw the word "integrity" plastered on most McDojos i've been to, lol
i just dont like lying to myself
in east asian characters or even in english
i dont see any need to
i never lie
i encourage myself
i talk to future me
lol
heavy feet was a problem too with the people above me
little_red_: that's gorgeous
whilst recognizing the flaws in current me
i really cant stand apartments. like i said, ours is in a higher end neighborhood but i can hear the guy that lives above us hacking and coughing at 6am when i wake up, people stomping up the stairwell, etc
saying im an omega doesnt discourage me
right! i love it :)
yes, that is good
making sure you're not xem like
he says to to self loathe
Yeah, same. The apartment complex was nice, but it's just 'cubicle' home
it*
griddy, you never had a problem when i objectively talk about my own weaknesses or problems I truly believe that people like me have
i used to self loathe
i visited r/foreveralone a bit
i also hate paying $12,000 a year and then being homeless
whether that be engineers, asians, canadians, or any other groups i belong to
fiat i know you're not self-loathing
Yeah
that's not so great
i ve convesed with you more than filo
ok true.
im just getting to know filo really
A feels differently because he's on the idea that we dont know what the future brings, what if he gets a great offer out of the area, etc
ive considered buying
just seems scary being locked down to something
How likely is it that he'll get an offer out of area little_red_ ?
filozof: you don't say things that sound negative about yourself irl, do you?
i do, with my therapist
sometimes i say negative things about myself, i dont see how thats bad
that depends what kind of negative things i guess
if you say it, are you devising a way to work on it?
ah that makes sense. yeah i avoid saying things that seem too negative around women. it gives a bad impression that's difficult to explain away
i dont see anything wrong with saying i have social anxiety to my dad
i could never tell my parents
i think most ppl would mix us up with depressed folk
you can only do that after you have given a long-lasting impression fiat
who compulsively say bad things about themselves
on the other hand, telling that i'm an eternal loser to people would be a turn off definitely
i think it's just a caution of his since when we were in LA he got an offer to work in GA (i think) with better pay/position/benefits. he said he wouldnt take it because he didnt want to live there but i think that just sort of cemented the idea of owning property would anchor him IF an offer he wanted to accept
well definitely i wouldn't talk negatively about myself to women i want to fuck
peopel too readily jump to that conclusion because they're worried. Women are too nurturing
Sunhappy: has Camille's post been discussed in MRP?
that's just not how game works
 <Jack4ss> i could never tell my parents
same
merp
right RedManBearPig women esp are just very cautious about these things
right
besides we both love it here, hes wanted to move here since hes a teenager
meerrrrrppp
it took us three months to buy an entertainment center because he wanted to make sure it was the best choice for us. hes just one to mull over a decision carefully (i've learned patience with him) lol
meerps can suck a dick
i just like saying merp
I haven't checked mrp in ages, must see if there's anything good
it's more satisdying than terp
merp
lol
I think it'll never top the hot neighbour story though
like something a retarded fromwith a hairlip would say
merp merp
oh god, that neighbor story
frog*
Or BPP losing it with his wife
i dont' think so
Lol AtlasB yeah it reminds me of a cartoon frog
It makes me think of pingu
Haha
I think it's good though
He likes to be certain before committing 
lol
I'm the same way - I will research and think and think and think
and then decide to wait some more
At least A actually has an end point
and he'll pull the trigger
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/cyzkr35
I like this point
lol the end point is him watching me self-implode holding back asking him for his decision
and after the 3 months of mulling over the entertainment center? yeah, we went with the first one we picked out
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-01-19/uk-debates-petition-to-ban-trump/7097368
:p
is it just me or it's going to be awkward on the international stage if trump wins
oh, if he wins every other country is going to think we've gone off our rockers
for sure
Def
well, not every other country
Trump can't win
when redditors say "every other country thinks america sucks" they really mean "wealthy western countries"
Money Over Sluts is his biggest supporter
also, putin likes trump
which is suspicious imo
Let's let that sink in
Even Clinton has higher net approval rating
lol griddy
F is convinced that trump is a shill for hillary
to make her look better
*favorability not approval
SerNemesis: you realize that trump has made his approval rating go up hugely since starting?
I feel if all of your supporters are either raving mad
he's great at persuasion
'Wazzock'
 Hahaha
Filozof net favor ability hasn't gone up with general voters
what's wazzock
Only with republicans
i think trump's going to win the nomination
he'll probably win iowa
I'd write in Invanka Trump
palin supports him
Before ever voting Donald
He can win the republican primary but if he does he would lose the republicans the general
I quite like his daughter
governor of iowa denounced cruz, i think
She's reasonable but also fairly conservative
Cruz and rubio are much better for the republicans
not sure if he would lose the general
Right now it looks like they would beat clinton
Rubio just seems
Green
Like a 12th grader
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5jvd7
i dont see how shes a monster
maybe it was a bilateral agreement
it's pretty bullshit anyway
SerNemesis i'm thinking
you'd like to have sex with your prime aged virgin before marriage 
to find out if youre compatible
but what if you fuck her and decide not to marry her
she'll be spoiled then
so she would have incentive not to put out before marriage
In a conservative society yeah everyone waits
Till engagement at least
The high sex drive women wait too in that scenario
i guess there's not much difference between waiting until engagement and waiting until marriage i guess
researching terminal ballistics now - ak74 bullet track http://rkba.org/research/fackler/figure6.gif
In today's society the only women who wait will tend to be those who don't particularly desire sex
"during the Afghan war the Mujahedeen called the 5.4539mm round the "Poison Bullet" due to the severe wounds it produced to extremities and the resulting need to amputate"
"In their path through tissue, all nondeforming pointed bullets, and some round-nosed ones, yaw to 180 degrees, ending their path traveling base forward"
so... basically automatically you have a tissue slicer 
Yeah
yeah im not sure why everyone ganged up on her
whereas deforming bullets try to widen the path directly
she's clearly religou
I don't understand why the pointed bullets automatically yaw tho 
Griddy religious stuff is for chumps
"What in fact happens in the Soviet bullet is that on impact the lead flowed forward into the air gaps to produce a bullet whose mass was distributed asymmetrically. This combined with the fact that the air gap placed the bullet's centre of gravity well back was the reason for its early yaw in tissue producing a large permanent cavity even in extremity shots." this sounds like nonsense
Beta males asking to be dead bedroomed
that sounds difficult to engineer 
I suspect they just tried different shapes until they got one which tumbled fast
Probably just empirical Frensel 
SerNemesis: i assumed you would be pro religon on that front
Trial and error
or the idea of it
Yeah
In theory yes griddy
But tradcons are all feminine imperative
griddy> yeah im not sure why everyone ganged up on her
who, the girl from the earlier BP thread?
I take the dalrockian view towards churchianity
2:44 PM <+SerNemesis> But tradcons are all feminine imperative 
obviously 
the sexual revolution is the male imperitive
:P
No
lmao witzie 
Alpha male imperative
madscilove: yeah the one who is waiting until marriage
And Sloot imperative
Tradcon is prude female imperative
and the imperative of men who like women to be prude in general
like yourself
Sex negativity and sex positivity are just two sides of the feminine imperative coin
righ
t
i thoght tradcon was more beta male imperative
I thought that was weird, too. "we hate sluts. but we hate women who wait til marriage too"
yeah griddy
It was griddy until the feminine imperative took it over
Go read dalrock
brief us
TL;DR - Darlock
It isn't about beta male patriarchy anymore
traditionally, prostitutes weren't illegal i think
It is about protecting women at all costs
E.g. born again virgins
how is that protecting women
2:47 PM <+SerNemesis> E.g. born again virgins 
seems more like more like protecting male feelings by pretending i never had sex
like aaronthejust
lol
im confused
aww aaron!
As dalrock's phrase goes "man up and marry those sluts" 
he used to come and blabber
miss 'im
It tells men to marry former carousel riders
And single mothers
that sounds like something else 
I grew up in those circles
and it was HARDCORE
pledge your virginity to your father stuff
nothing about born again virgins
ewww
yeah, my church didn't say "marry former CC riders"
And women no longer are expected to put out for their husbands
sounds like dalrock being pissy and you assuming about something you know nothing about
it said "marry a pure girl! save yourself for marriage all of you!"
"no masturbating!"
right madscilove 
update - it wasn't nonsense, soviet 5.45 was indeed manufactured with a hollow cavity, probably to induce the desired yaw 
you're only supposed to marry other good, chaste christians
not those heathens
yes frensel
It matched what I witnessed at the local churches
save SerNemesis from this spiral
lol
Granted this was austin
although telling people not to have sex before marriage AND not to masturbate is just fucking bullshit
Yeah it is
like, yeah. good luck with that
xD
fucking bullshit is definitely not an accepted alternative 
that's practically masturbation 
yikes, you're right
although if you microwave the bullshit nice and warm it probably feels better
but smells worse
ewww
I know people are joking, but that comment thread to virgin girl is why there are no "good chaste women" anymore
yeah madscilove 
lol
men expect women to put out like sluts
so no shit, women are sluts now
lol
Of course
i want a woman who is a slut in bed, but not a slut when i talk to her
becaus eAGAIN
the search continues
men thought women would be indiscriminate
I wouldn't want a virgin either unless she was prime aged
they didnt understand they wer eunleashinghypergamy
Jack4ss++
aw witz
they thought women would have sex with everyone
meaning...
them
you are so nice to me witzie
" men expect women to put out like sluts"
lol yeah
"pressure girls into sex"
"get mad girls have sex"
"get mad some girls DON'T have sex"
true true
can't win!
I mean, I get it. men want virgins to quickly have sex with only themselves
but practicality interferes
2:56 PM <@madscilove> but practicality interferes 
word
TLDR to every ppd debate, EVER
How many of you want to bet emilycharland considers it her wifely duty to provide her husband sex when he needs it
I'm sure she does
that booger OP
is disgusting
i want to ban her
if she's that kind of religious
ugh
I'm readin that now griddy
lol
i don't see why i should support sex-positivity if women don't have sex with me
Okay we are gonna ask her
i'd rather them not fuck anyone
SerNemesis: doesnt seem like she views sex as something that's meant for pleasure anyways
with that mindset
of coruse she can view it as a duty
it
it can be both
's a duty by default for her
a duty an dmeant for pleasure
AtlasB: sure
Is it a duty or a gift
it doesn thave to be the womans best time on earth every time
its not a gift
but im saying how she frames it and how most religious ppl frame it
it's already something for procreation
most dont even believe in BJs
link to this broad
so viewing it as a duty as the default
The gift rhetoric is what religious people tend to use
and not a big seal
deal*
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5fa4u AtlasB
SerNemesis: but not a gift from the wife to her h
a gift from god 
for humans
word
for le babies
that's how my church phrased it. "sex is a gift given by god to be enjoyed by married people."
you want the religous conservative! enjoy your missionary and lack of kink!
jk jk
wow they're so pissed at her
SerNemesis: led the damn charge
such a hater
I mean the phrasing I hear from churchgoers
right? it's like she shit in their coffee
lolol
the only thing TRP hate worse than sluts is women who don't put out
witzie++
yep
men all say they want old fashioned women
theres one!
ewwww
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
you're gross!
omg
look SerNemesis !
Haha
"poo rman!"
"you're a monster!"
Griddy I've spent more time in the christian manosphere than others
-literal comment
I don't like her
you made atlas go team woman for 5 seconds
look what you did 
I called her out too
how much time in the christian manosphere?
drok also a hater
She was like that Mormon idiot DBB
i read the christian manosphere
So I am naturally more skeptical about supposed traditional women.
"I don't know what girl TRP is talking about????"
SerNemesis: in what way?
Sheltered idiots
SerNemesis: i just responded to you
refresh your page
Hint - i called you a hater
They want the stability and protection that traditionalism provides while also getting equality and not having to put out in marriage
the church doesn't encourage that, though
it's a wife's duty to put out for her husband to keep him from sinning
because lusting after anyone else is adultery
i'd prefer DG69 to an old fashined woman
The church doesn't care anymore
I disagree
It is team woman
what planet ar eyou all on where you think moms "had to put out in marriage"
I was raised in the church for 17 years. I went to religious private schools.
lol
the church is pretty rp
magical wonderland fifties AtlasB  
if women decided not to have sex anymore
and team man
the men lumpe dit
and went to hookers an dmistresses
where leave it to beaver's mom gave pornstar BJs every night
Well yeah hookers and mistresses works too
my grandma's aunt was the mom in leave it to beaver
yeah, but if you weren't having sex and your husband went to the pastor, he'd have his wife talk to you
did I tell you that AtlasB 
about how it was your duty to have sex with your h
so my great aunt I guess
Wanna ask emilycharland what she thinks of that?
idk, did I go to different churches than all of you? my church was so patriarchal it wasn't even funny
lol
Probably madscilove 
no my church was mostly like that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9U8ACSoZqY
depends on the circles you run in
traditional or more lenient
From what the christian manosphere says they exist but are a dying breed
wait she was the actress?
yeah AtlasB 
Wait we can doxx witzie?
barbara billingsly I think
I guess you could dox me idk lol
ugh they're about to fire 7 people :(
witz!!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0j2dVuhr6s
Good riddance sunhappy
Tax avoidant mooches
was that her?
yes!!!
there, I said something nice to virgin girl in that thread
I feel bad for her
hahaha
I didn't know!
wait what is that scene
There's a nose picking thread you guys....
did she deny sex
I never watched leave it to beaver either
and he threw boubon at  a portrait
you know my relative better than I do
and left
I'm gonna be nice to emilycharland once I'm done grilling her if she passes
why are you even grilling her?
Why not?
dunno, it just seems like an odd reason to grill someone
She is a bloop
Ergo needs to be grilled
SerNemesis: all day err day: "I FUCKING HATE SLUTS"  runs across chaste girl "YOU ARE A FUCKING MONSTER"
Yup
Prime-aged virgins please
Before they become sloots
at what point in n-count does a girl become a sloot?
because most women won't end up married to her first love, even if she'd like to.
" SerNemesis: all day err day: "I FUCKING HATE SLUTS"  runs across chaste girl "YOU ARE A FUCKING MONSTER"" LAWL
hence the madonna-whore complex
12:12:50 <@madscilove> at what point in n-count does a girl become a sloot?
the male equivalent of wanting both alpha tingles and beta comfort
hi
Hi, Isabelle! Are you new to RPW? :)
yep
I wouldn't put a specific number
But I think the askmen poll which put it at 5 was roughly accurate
What's your reddit username? We try to keep everyone straight here so we don't get mixed up.
1 - mistake of the youth
2 - first boyfriend
3 - husband
im a lurker from reddit :)
more is unacceptable, prettysure
hey now
that's a very rosy view of relationships and how well they tend to work out
I don't hate on sluts
Oh. :o Do you have an account at all, then?
nope
sluts serve a good purpose
All I'm saying is if the woman is a good vehicle, that's what counts
best to buy with low mileage and fewer owners
spot on drok
especially non-smokers!
Like an 87 grand national in good condition with a few owners >> brand new 2016 Toyota Corolla
How long have you been lurking for? :)
Yikes drok
drok is beta
so don't listen to him
and his slutlove
lol
a week? :O
I mean all these indians want a freshly produced vehicle that comes form india
I can understand that
oh yeah
Indian engineering 
im just quite interesting in the whole concept of redpillwomen
it's the new thing, so much better than German engineering 
im a still single girl from malaysia :D
But it doesn't the fact that emilycharland is dumb and the people that support her associate with dumbness
Drok++
so SerN you agree
she's a monster
" But it doesn't the fact that emilycharland is dumb and the people that support her associate with dumbness"
athiests are haters
for no reason
just be hatin n shit
Nah
you can't have a chaste subculture in a sex-rev society
I've had previous run ins with her
That exposed her dumbness
all the attractive girls with good sex drives are gonna leave the subculture
I think it's seriously hilarious that you guys are virgin shaming on ppd
that is the biggest issue
Blue pill confirmed
Has nothing to do with her religion
so what are you going to do SerNemesis  
never get married or have kids?
or marry a slut
DG69: i'm tiredof being the one virgin-shamed by bloops all the time
witzie become a manwhore then marry a moderate n girl
Aww :)
bloops don't virgin shame you 
yes they do
they were player shaming you on your mail order bride post
What do they really
when you lied about it
yeah they do that too witzie
it's so annoying to get player-shamed in one thread then virgin-shamed in the other
they virgin shame you?
i didn't lie about it
all ive ever seen is ppl sometimes question you about certain things
since you havent had a relatonship yet
so yoiu'e just a theorist
which is a valid observation in this context
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/419pij/how_does_not_wanting_to_date_a_rape_victim_make/cz1mfkg
example
I just bloop shame really
Although I terp shamed today too
yeah that was mean
although i guess they felt insulted
since you called non-virgins "tarnished"
"Only if those same virgins spend inordinate amounts of time on the internet lying about being sex gods; then yeah, I'm gonna make fun of them for that."
well that's simply calling someone out on a lie
when have i ever said that
was a pretty effective shame
Oh, you're very new, then!
i dont recall SerNemesis saying he's a sex god
yup RedManBearPig 
I team man shame 
448 comments?? really
by pointing out hypocrisy
witzie: me too
i guess so
are you christian or muslim?
how is being team man hypocrisy?
neither
it's not
my favorite passtime is when Team Man says dumb shit
it's hypocrisy when the men being all rah rah team man shame team woman
griddy++
my all time fav is
"stahppp the shaming language!"
.quote add 3:26 PM <@witzie> it's hypocrisy when the men being all rah rah team man shame team woman
"you guys virgin shame and neckbeard shame!"
My favorite pastime is when team woman says dumb stuff
CUNT FUCK SLUT HO BITCH
I do have to teach these men not to whine though
How did you find us? :)
it's their #1 Gerbil
witzie quotes herself
can't I be teamman and teamwoman?
.quote add 12:27:20 <filozof> witzie quotes herself
I mean I don't want to be stuck with men on this earth
look there is nothing wrong with TBP virgin-shaming
reddit
you can't turn around and then complain when we do the same though
I am not particular into the ghey sex
firstly they dont virgin shame
they loser shame
and neckbeard shame
those are the most common
I mean how on there did you come across us?
loser shaming from feminists
Lol
women care less about your virginity than you think men
for all practical purposes that is virgin shaming
Fucking technicality
doesn't seem too principled
i mean i'm not shaming this girl for being a virgin either
but if you come off like a loser
i'm shaming her for being low sex drive
griddy> women care less about your virginity than you think men
yes she will avoid you like the plague
yes, we only care about loser-ism
and yes losers tend to be virgins
12:28:33 <@drok> Fucking technicality
drok++
what woman is going to turn her nose up at a hot, sexy virgin man?
but it's the loser part we dont like
there just aren't many of them
not the virgin part
I'm shaming her for being weird
oops wrong quote 
It's not just that she is a virgin
isn't being a bloody virgin very indicative of how much of a loser you are?
yeah griddy
.quote del witzie103
It's that she thinks everyone is like her
.quote add 3:26 PM <+griddy> my favorite passtime is when Team Man says dumb shit
RedManBearPIg: It can be a symptom. or it might just mean you're religious or have extenuating circumstances
just searching up and browsing reddit about women in general and came across RPW
12:29:23 <RedManBearPig> isn't being a bloody virgin very indicative of how much of a loser you are?
but "virgin" isn't the part women don't like
It's just funny that you'll slut shame and virgin shame
as griddy says
RedManBearPig++
for example
there are so many hot male mormon
virgins
girls love
again
yassss
i'm not shaming her for being a virgin either
we dont carte about your effing n
aren't most people in malaysia religious?
i'm shaming her for being a low sex drive woman waiting till marriage
Mormons are about as terrible as Australians
Ooh. :) Did RPW resonate with you?
you don't know that she's low sex drive
I was just taking a piss out of her because she is a dumb broad
Sorry susandeath
im not religious
Hahahaha
of course she is
im not malay, im chinese haha
Also, I apologize if this is coming off like a weird game of 20 Questions. We just like to get to know the new girls. :)
well that probably helps
https://www.instagram.com/luckybsmith/?hl=en
the high sex drive ones leave the chaste subculture
this kid is some 17 year old mormon virgin
We aren't shaming her for being a virgin you females
all the little girls love
so she's okay for being a virgin and wrong for being low sex drive?
I wasn't even shaming her
why does any of that fucking matter?
We are shaming her for being dumb
It's the dumbness we don't like
maybe her guy is low sex drive as well
they're both just normal religious folks, is the impression I got
So is there no such thing as a high sex drive virgin past a certain age? SerNemesis 
in this culture?
you have no clue how old these people are
probably exceedingly rare
maybe they're 18
lol
i feel good about what RPW stands for
oh if that's true i'll take it back lol
madscilove: 
lol
ask how old she is
I bet she's young
12:31:22 <Sunhappy> maybe her guy is low sex drive as well
idk why it matters
why are we shaming her for having a low sex drive?
well then i can shame him too
:P
especially about developing your feminity
We aren't Sunhappy
how is she dumb?
how old are you?
Sunhappy: ser's neurosis is getting the best of him
22
Her post history
this fucks with my eyes so much https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CZLwN0OUkAEUlEd.jpg
She is convinced most people are like her
also i have a crush on this mormon kid
im essentially ser
what? to wait until marriage?or have a low sex drive/
he's blond
oh jesus now I see the panda all the time
before I barely saw it 
and looks like a snowflake
that's nice :)
I don't know the details. But she says RP does not even describe a sigificant minority of the population
Which is blatantly false
Since most RP concepts are mainstream
what panda Frensel 
put your head back from the screen
PANDA
But it's what I would expect from an ultrareligious, waiting til marriage for sex girl
i wore a bikini for the first time last week
there seem to be some artifacts there though
Naivety
there's a very clear panda
if you look at it from the right distance
then you look closer and it goes away
i dont see it
I saw it right away
if you move out slowly the illusion is maintained
okay i see the pattern in the artifacts
you have to move out quickly 
haven't made it otu as a panda yet
I saw the panda immediately because of the thumbnail.
yeah it's a Panda
Then I opened it. Bugs out my eyes, but I still see the panda.
oh now i see it
it is looking at me i see
you have to move sevral feet away from the screen
yeah
fuck that hurts my eyes
the cool thing is it disappears again if you go really close 
at least for me
was it cute?
I have a polka dot one
Staring at it to long, I'm going blind.
right cause you're seeing a more detailed resolution from up close
*too
it's immediately visible to me
i guess i have good eyes
so the artifacts look like individual artifacts
filozof put your nose like two inches from the screen
my current fave is also polka dots! 
its a roxy halterneck one
it's pretty easy to make an image like that
rather than like a pattern from far away
.ud foh
girls usually dont wear bikinis here in malaysia
This is like that stupid color differentiation game we played for a while in which case everyone was going blind from trying to differentiate colors.
lol
what do they wear? i was in cambodia last year and women would swim in jeans 
so when i wore it to my anime society pool party
from up close it looks like stripes are wider than others
lol
i was the only one wearing a bikini
why don't you have a boyfriend yet?
from farther away the stripes blend together somewhat so instead it looks like some regions are darker than others
.quote drok8
Drok, why are you obsessed with the 87 grand national?
i dont have any feelings for a particular guy just yet
Rather have a 2016 Corolla
are you working or in school? 
My dad used to have one
ughhhhh
college
ewww
What's your major? :)
Lonny_Z: why would anyone be obsessed with a corolla
i am willing to bet emilycharland thinks marriage is all about love
during the party i could definitely notice the guys taking more pictures of me than usual haha
and not about sex
or duty
I never said I was obsessed
Maybe she thinks sex is about love
accounting
And love about sex
Rather have a car with new interior amenities
That will run forever
So marriage will include sex
yeah but the grand national looks cooler
im shallow
TEAM DROK!
It is manlier
team toyota
the guys were quite awkward though
http://puu.sh/ms1nx/357174dbcc.png
The national I mean
cringey 
exactly
lol
You probably shouldn't post your full name...
you cant ghost ride the whip in a corolla 
sex about love?
what is this?
the 50s?
my bad
"SerNemesis> i am willing to bet emilycharland thinks marriage is all about love"
me too
!
there we go
lmaooo
she isn't a traditionalist
love is a fraud
sex seems to be about love for many women
it doesn't exist
for some reason they claim they can't have sex without loving someone
Griddy++
traditionalism now is dishonest play-acting 
There's my kind of cynicism RedManBearPig 
Frensel++
i think love is real
lmaoo DG69 
don't ruin my fantasy
SerNemesis: i doubt it
there is only pussy and dick
i think she thinks marriage is about family
that's all that matters
you think it's about sex
well tits and ass too
somewhere they will compromise
but
you know
That was about the GNX
no i think it's about family
hasn't marriage traditionally been about sex and family
I mean love is just chemicals
preferrably, it should be about both in my view
In that sense it's real
everything is "chemicals", so what?
right filozof
what isn't just chemicals
sex too, especially if they expect male monogamy
what's important is that we experience it
I think marriage should only be for the purpose of starting a family
*male sexual fidelity
that's what makes it real
i felt good flaunting my bikini body during the party hah
AtlasB what do you think EmilyCharland would say about the idea of men having mistresses and hookers when the wife doesn't want to have sex?
How would it not exist then?
SerNemesis: !
I asked filozof this earlier
it's good to have a nice body but dont let that be your only asset 
If women are to put out in order to expect male fidelity...
oh my
can women cheat if the sex isn't producing orgasms or satisfaction in other ways?
that is cringey lol
i think that it doesn't make sense to talk abotu what somebody is "entitled" to in a relationship
what is everyone entitled to?
i know
just what they can negotiate
are guys biased against girls who do that tho
if you want a good husband
I don't know how malaysia is
how do you have to act to be wife material?
so you might not be okay with your man screwing other women when you don't feel like it
but you would compromise since you wouldn't want him to leave
malaysia's not liberal, but not that conservative
griddy everyone is entitled to effort from their partner
honestly i think as long as the girl is hot, according to all men
Yeah but what if he just sucks as a partner sexcually, or has a flaccid dick, or bad hands
is she allowed to cheat?
Does he expect her not to?
its wife material, so theres nothing much to go on in that aspect
you leave
tada
problem solved
that depends on whether she can negotiate that
but they're married
marriage isn't as easy as "you leave"
not being sexual compatible and marrying is adumb
dumb*
depends on what's their negotiating power
she can solve the problem by getting another lover
she doesn't ahve to quit the marriage
but in that case the marriage is violated
and I'm sure that will fly over swimmingly without her growing emotions for this other man
since she agreed to be faithful
RedManBearPig: happens all the time
by the way, there was a custom in medieval france where the dude had to prove in front of a court that he can fuck his wife
lots of women expressly fuck down in a status
otherwise she could leave him
just so they dont get attached
insert hot dumb pool boy
this happens all the time?
fucking rich housewife
she isnt leaving her husband for him
RedManBearPig: often enough
so this happens to approx 70% of the population?
not every woman who cheats is leaving her husband
so we are talking here about rich people
RedManBearPig: you're being pedantic
is he allowed to cheat in that case?
my point is a woman doesnt get attached to a person she has sex with just because
you can negotiate that
filozof: i mean sure
i was just testing the notion of entitlement
you can negotiate what? attachment?
if he's entitled to sex
is she entitled to good sex?
that's all
RedManBearPig: you can negotiate it yes
i think both partners in a marriage are entitled to sex
pfff haha
ive had the same FWB for years
sex is great
i jsut dont view him as LTR material
and how do you make sure you don't get attached?
what i said above
if she's entitled to good sex, is he entitled to porn BDSM sex?
i dont view him as LTR material
I can't believe that's all
RedManBearPig: believe it
happens every day b
same with a lot of my friends
they have some dude around
they dont view as bf material
alright alright
it also helps keep n low
I think both people are entitled to whatever they negotiated before the marriage. if BDSM wasn't on the table then and it turns out she hates it, then no, I don't think he's entitled to it
Well, that was interesting.
if you care about such things
my friend had fwbs with like 5 guys in rotation once
Basically doxxed herself.
before settling on her bf
but this is why you should really make sure you're compatible before marrying
I don't care about N
RedManBearPig: i meant for her
if she cares about n
right
it's better to have a FWB than a bunch of ONSs
^ better sex too
yerpppp
i think fwbs work
if you don't want the person
you train him
some girls i know went into fwb situations
yeah Sunhappy that's what im explaining to RedManBearPig 
cuz it was close enough, if you will
to a relationship
it's not news to me
and those fwbs situations never work
but just not ltr worthy is an easy explanation
yeah, FWBs where one person is lovesick
is no good
fwb someone catches feelings
I think you are playing a very dangerous game when you let your partner sees others in marriage
RedManBearPig: i agree
i was just saying if he's allowed to cheat from no sex
is she allowed to from bad sex?
i was just toying with it
and AtlasB it's likely true
I'd say "low effort sex" instead of bad sex
I dunno
and I don't think anyone is ever ALLOWED to cheat, but if you're consistently leaving your partner unsatisfied, you're creating an unfortunate void
that they might fill elsewhere
yerp
12:57:47 <@madscilove> I'd say "low effort sex" instead of bad sex
This
so if she's consistently dreading sex
and he's consistently wanting sex
It isn't about how good or bad it is
hell they both might cheat
It is that they do their best
To stay attractive, give you enjoyable sex, etc.
well, good sex matters, but hopefully you didn't marry someone who's shitty at fucking
lol
so in that case "effort" should do the trick
Well if they're waiting till marriage it is a crapshoot
Lol
Do you see this shit?
madscilove: and this is why waiting until marriage is riskkyyyy
yes!
Do you see it?
I agree
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5iqd7
1000000%
This is a BP man
This is what happens when you BPs about their sex
given how sexually incompatible some people are, i think waiting until marriage is ridiculous
It's women
And this guy
Now
hahaha that post
oooh kinky
lol I read that drok
i am so vanilla
that was a bit out there even for me
He is doing his own thing
Fine whatever
But if a non-BP looks to BP aspirations and sees this
Come on
This is not what most normal men want
fuck drok
Lol
Right drok lol
I already died inside when I read the first sentence
"She'd prefer if I topped her regularly, so we compromise and I often "top" during PIV sex, throwing her around, covering her mouth with my hand, growling sexy things in her ear, etc."
That sounds incredibly unreal.
waiting til marriage was preporn
drok: I think most men like that part
Well it sounds like he is getting what he wants
pre sexual revolution
premarriage at 28
Right
you waited til marriage for a 16-18 yr old
But it's not what most men want
Right atlasb
This is why I think BPers are weird
So she wasn't low sex drive
Well she could be
But it wasn't probable the way it is noe
but AtlasB the rpers in that thread don't care about the ages
wives werent expected to be porn stars
dont fool yourslefs
its all about "COMPATIBILITY"
Of course not
blah blah
you bange dyour wife to make babies
I bet wives had less frequent sex back then
than they do today
SerNemesis: but she was still doing sex for the marriag
of course
pop out some kids
tend tot he home
did women even give bjs back then?
let me quote
was that common?
"Haha so not only do not not even know if you're sexually compatible but divorce isn't an option either? This just keeps getting better. Well, better for me. Not so much for the guy you're marrying."
right was there even a BJ?
noit wasnt
BUTR
I don't think bjs were a thing
clelia moshers victorian sex survey
did find
I do thank the gays for BJ culture
Everyday
that the wives enjoyed sex
Thank you buartha
I think libidos in general weren't so hyped like they are now.
See they even hate that she doesn't believe in divorce!!!!
I don't know if all my ancestors were gay too
1x a week is standard, but to a lot of people these days, that's low libido.
could be AZK
"DG69> See they even hate that she doesn't believe in divorce!!!!" lmaooooo
https://alumni.stanford.edu/get/page/magazine/article/?article_id=29954
it's gold DG69 
My dad is more pansexual alpha, he isn't really biotwink
Like wtf
azombie they werent
you guys dont remember the 70s
it wa sliek sex was just discovedred
haha
ppl were buyingbooks on HOW to have sex
lol
like "the joy of sex" wasonevery couples coffee table
no for real
that actually sounds kind of nice
and simpler
is that why the karma sutra became popular again/
this is why i liked Masters of Sex
i know, i know it's a tv show
than all the anal, threesome, acrobatics shit
lol
but it's absed on some true tale
Griddy is Season 2 any good?
Oh yeah anal culture gave us new ways to degrade women as well
kinsey is different
RedManBearPig: i got annoyed when he did that thing
I watched the first episode of season 2 and was like "nope"
he was a nutty pedo who wa smaking shit up
lol
AtlasB: Masters of Sex isnt Kinsey
RedManBearPig: where he falls too hard for his mistress
oh yeah
and she's like "dude i thought we were just fuqqin"
poor wife
oh masters and johnson
forgot
I really like the first season for giving some perspective on how sex was perceived
during that time
alright witzie: for the first time I am starting to see your point about normalization of open relationships etc. standardizing some weird shit
madscilove++
what's the point exactly?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Masters
yeah masters and Virginia Johnson
madscilove: is it cause the gays gave us anal culture?
Yeah, I think the next generation will openly embrace poly
4:07 PM <@drok> Oh yeah anal culture gave us new ways to degrade women as well 
lol
With FWBs we are halfway there
Yup Lonny_Z 
Or this guy?
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5iqd7
SerNemesis would you require participation in the anal culture? 
with your virgin waifu
When the next gen is 40 polygamy will be a lefty issue
protopill what about you?
No witzie
have you fallen in with the evil milleniallsssss protopill 
I have no interest in anal
okay this show just got ruined for me
http://persephonemagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/masters-and-johnson_1.jpg
drok: not totally sure
I'd actually want bjs unlike anal but I wouldn't force the issue with a virgin waifu
that's the real couple
I'm just feeling remarkably open-minded today
i will continue to always envision Lizzy Caplan
lmao
well real adulterers 
Lizzy Caplan is cute
DG69: i have the ultimate crush on her
mostly because she's also hilarious
she's like the ultimate girlfriend
Yeah I like her
i was actually shocked she was cast in Masters of Sex
it's more sexual/dramatic
she usually does comedy
morning yall
sup PPDBot 
aww AtlasB this new guy on the office is so cute 
the guy who has athing for erin
1:11 PM <witzie> have you fallen in with the evil milleniallsssss protopill
Fallen in how so?
plop?
lol
yeh hes adorable
youre almost at the end
.context
do you require participation in the Anal Culture
protopill 
Lol
of the evil millenials
No
Camille, i got a new sunscreen (it's a zinc and my skin loves it) and it smells like lavender, i'm in love
I really don't get it to tell you the truth
Ikr protopill
Why would one want to stick it in there
God made a super tight self moistening hole and you go for the poop chute?
Doesn't make sense to me.
Yeah
But whatev
pope chute sounds so charming
poop*
Hey protopill are you gonna come up to SF any time soon?
what if you're a really regular person
So you're going to Vegas tomorrow right blowing? Let's talk husband #2         
we need to craft the perfect man for blowing everyone
You should make a trip up
just sounds messy
should we go with the classic 6 6 6?
For the second PPD meetup
.allterms
6 figures 6 ft 6 inches?
too tall
6'2
The second PPD bay area meetup that is
Omg plop witzie
witzie: yes tomorrow!!!
shh guys we're finding blowing a man
Witzie I've never heard of 6 6 6
or 6
I just watched the finale last night
dg69?
That's interesting
What other meetups have there been?
So much tears
Dc
then that makes me 2/5/4
what MBTI should we choose 
.help
witzie: what should husband #2 requirements be?
was your ex an E or an I blowing
Has there been a PPD meetup in philly yet griddy?
Lol Jack4ss !!
nope
Ex was INTJ
Is
we on the east coast are lame
boo can't be repeating that
2 figures eh Jack4ss ?
no ENTJs either they suck
Blowing I'll marry you if I can have prime aged concubines
.del term dg69sux
Lol
you're not tall enough SerNemesis 
SerNemesis:
66
sorry
yeah BIG money
argh 666
osg
psh
Those devil numbers
.delterm DG69SUX
entj's masterrace
Well, hometown stores are out of milk and bread. It's going to be a long next few days.
and people hating left and right
SerNemesis: what are the benefits for me?
does anyone have any rich single male friends for blowing?
.quote protopill> Those devil numbers
witzie: ok scratch INTJ and ENTJ
around las vegas so they can party
You get a nearly prime aged husband
.terms
how about
SerNemesis: does offer prime aged
.addquote protopill> Those devil numbers
hm
He's like 23
SerNemesis: pass
ENFP blowing?
arghjsdfsdg
Plus prime aged concubines to boss around
double trouble?
Rich single men in las Vegas?
Another ENFP would be non stop party
blowing: why are you going to vegas?
Would they really be looking for marriage?
Man two ENFPs in Vegas
sure SerNemesis  
What a shit show
griddy: stay with my BFF
for the right woman 
A fun shit show
blowing is super skilled
ive never been
she can pu the moves on them
Oh wow an enfp married an intj
Who could have predicted that
griddy, to get a man
lol SerNemesis 
lmaoo witzie 
Is that standard SerNemesis ?
.delete term dg69sux
Yes protopill
Oh really
protopill do you have any rich hot friends for blowing to put the moves on 
Hmm
It is amazing how many enfp girls there are at intjforum with crushes or relationships with into guys
Are we getting blowing a man?
Probably
Intj
4:19 PM <SerNemesis> You get a nearly prime aged husband
That's not a plus for me
yes drok
1:21 PM <SerNemesis> It is amazing how many enfp girls there are at intjforum with crushes or relationships with into guys
Why is that
You think)
?*
Hmm blowing
SerNemesis: so I need an INTJ but a different one
Are you bi?
Nope
Blowing would like a STEMlord
.addterm whitegirls http://i.imgur.com/Y7sq0vG.gifv
Darn
there is an intj forum?
Threesomes with prime aged concubines would have been a perk
Lol
13:22:01 <+protopill> Why is that
SerNemesis: you've yet to name a benefit for me
Hahaha
Something about our stoicism and roboticness seems to drive then crazy
how do I delete terms?
sernemesis is a no go he doesn't fulfill 666
He's getting there
Like we are a puzzle they can inlock
Unlock
666?
What benefits do you need?
What is he offering?
6 figures 6 ft 6 inches blowing
Dental and vision to start
6 figures 6 feet tall 6 inches long blowing
The trifecta of alpha apparently
oh hey 
what about black dudes
Holy shit
you told your H you'd fuck a black dude if he cheated
is that girl having a seizure Lonny_Z?
6'6 I could climb like a tree
speaking of marrying a stemlord
im googling melinda gates
she's attractive
It's not 6 6
smart woman
It's 6 feet and 6 inches...
sex is prob eh
Oh
With the and being a period
but billions taste like orgasms
Height penis income
Lol
6 inches isn't spectacular
blowing++
Now you got it
Drok it's above average
Poor Asians
Neither is 6 figures
Dropping the average down
Maybe 9 figures, 9 feet, 9 inches
6 inches circumference maybe
Lol drok!
Lol witIe
Now you are talking
Witzie
Hahaha witzie
6 inch circumference
That reminds me
9 9 9
7 figures 7 feet 7 inches = pro basketball star
That's a fucking tank
no wonder girls like them
Sometime I need to accurately measure
Only the best for blowing
witzie: truy
SerNemesis: get out that ruler
drok++
blowing you could catch an NBA player partying in Vegas
witzie: she could
I hear Lamar Odom is single
i have friends who went that route
A black one
and got married
There you go
Maybe I could be on WAGS!!!!!
I'm 5.5"-6" length
5.5'' is not bad
especially for an indian dude
That's exactly the depth of my vagina
Lamar Odom is a crack abuser
5.5 is your height
But only when I'm really turned on
and there are more attractive nba players
SerNemesis: 
this is the internet
who arent on drughs
lol
you could tell us your dick is 8 inches
did you measure it DG69 ?
and we'd have to believe you
why are you being honest man
with a ruler?
Yeah it's pretty simple
How do you know he isn't exaggerating already witzie
lol
because you wouldn't believe him if he said hes an indian man with an 8 inch dick
lol is SerNemesis a 5.5, 5.5, 5.5 er?
Muah ha ha
burnnnn littlebee ~
!
Like if I'm not too turned on and am just trying to ejaculate probably more like 4.5-5"
littlebee++
OKAY
1:26 PM <witzie> why are you being honest man
Lol
13:27:16 <@witzie> lol is SerNemesis a 5.5, 5.5, 5.5 er?
Hahaha I am
back to husband #2
Lmfao
Witzie++
this convo
1:26 PM <witzie> you could tell us your dick is 8 inches
Who'd believe that
I mean come on
hahaha
who wouldn't?
Should I go Vegas scene type guy or like doctor/lawyer witzie ?
its not like ppl lie on theinternetlol
drok how do I delete terms?
I'm not sure about my circumference though
hm
Dicks out guys
doctor/lawyer
how long are you there blowing?
I want measurements
I don't think you can
blowing vegas is crawling with dudes
err its pretty cold today
I only got one way tix for now
ooh
well, start with vegas scene
Hardcore
and when you get tired fo him find one to marry
a dr or lawyer
One way ticket to Vegas lol
BLOWING IS NEVR COMING BACK
lmaooo
Lol
her great escape
I only know that an upper bound for my circumference is 6" but it is probably considerably smaller
So date the scene and marry the dr/lawyer?
how do you know its the upper bound SerNemesis ?
blowing++
I think I'll go dark hair next.
A guy with dark hair and light eyes
Average is apparently 4.8 SerNemesis
So congrats on being above average
too bad, i dreamed of marrying blowing for the green card
Filozof I can measure the length of my hand that I wrap around it
Average length protopill?
I just heard it's 5.6
i dreamed of marrying blowing for the lulz
i don't have dark hair
filozof: hahaha
That sounds low
that's the best combo blowing
dark hair light eyes
piercing
Average length is 5.6
Rock hard
Apparently
Yeah dg69 I've seen 4.5-6 depending on the study
yeah DG69 
I just read its 5.6
Same
New study I just saw
I'm a grower
Which makes me proud
What kind of piercing?
Lol blowing
#PPDAfterDark
i ban "grower" from this chat
lol
Ilol griddy
grower - shower
So I'm average length
:)
Grower shower combo
My BFF is fully in the tattoo/girls with retro bangs culture there
i'm a grower too
Maybe I'll go with a hipster community farmer
i have the prettiest princess hair right now
AtlasB, ooh, why?
cos shes a princess duh
I don't want to talk about penis or hair
youknow when you put the front part up in a ponytail and the rest is long down your back
fair point
yes, that's definitely princess hair
Someone come up with something God
Good
lol
lol blowing
community farmer
Hipster community farmer blowing
Lol
That's my sweet spot
http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/fantendo/images/b/b5/Princess_Peach_SM3DW.png/revision/20120122024505
princess peach
And I can convince him to move to Portland!!!!!!!!
shouldn't be hard to convince, blowing
lol
Oregon the land of hipsters
Indeed
good ppl
:(
oh god
I have my ways of convincing people
https://www.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/41v4iy/how_i_blew_up_my_whole_life_and_saw_every_redpill/
"overweight oneitis"
Red flag
Wow she hit 300
Mother of shit
"She got fatter."
hahahaahahah
oooh he's easy to please
he's dating a 200+ girl and is happy
is that guy isis
id feel ashamed to bring back a 200 girl to my rents
"Suddenly my wife is sending me nudes"
can we just picture these nudes
k
can we not griddy 
No please
Okay wrapped a paper in the size of my hand
mmmm
I'm small :(
Fml
what?
SerNemesis, why are you still talking about your penis
like you didn't know that SerNemesis 
Lol SerNemesis
Hahahaha
HA  a penis joke
4 inches circ
the hell
lol SerNemesis 
are you measuring your dick like as you type?
But in order to test that you'd have to be ...
4 inches is normal where im from
put it away
why are you discussing your penis at all?
Well I don't want to go any further
put that thing back in your pants or so help me
neither did she
too late
lol aZombieKitten
I'm not directly measuring
that was a bizarre read
irrelevant

I know how big I hold mybhand
discuss your dick in ppdafterdark
You made your jerk off fist?!
lmao yeah SerNemesis 
omg
yall
that's what the chat was creatred for
Go away
but back to this OP!
SerNemesis: go
http://orig15.deviantart.net/2101/f/2012/214/a/5/free_censored_bar_by_prizedpixul-d59ia3o.png
Lol
Hey I didn't start the size discussion
This is great
she went on a date
I'm laughing my ass off
anyway
back to the important convo
SerNemesis: it's witzie's fault
Really
With her devil numbers
how long does your next guy have to be blowing
Omg
and what circumference 
omg
Epiphany
10
Dark triad is really 666
SerN doesn't matter here
Let me measure my mouth
blowing: just say "black"
The alpha dark triad
lol
we're finding blowing a man
Is three things
He's not machiavellians
He's tall
And rich
And an above average dick size
he swangs in the wind
I have taken the red pill to the red pill
Pillception
Lol Sunhappy 
But 666 makes women happy unlike the dark triad
Witzie make a post on trp about your new 666 theory
This could be EC worthy
what's 666?
Figures ft inches
RedManBearPig: the true dark triad
i like this MERP
Yeah post the 666
he's my fav so far
okay
witzie: I don't want a guy who plays video games
also i have no regrets with him leaving this woman
Maybe someone in his 40s
good choice blowing
she's sloppy
I'm good then, besides the 6 figures
what about tattoos
SerNemesis: do you play the vidya?
is a single dad cool?
Tattoos are hot
RedManBearPig: you're in the tall club. *bro fist*
Single dad is fine
single dads can be cool <3
*bro fists*
The vidya?
dutch people are generally tall
Which vidya
T
Yeah that's what the kids say SerNemesis
R*
Vidya games
dutchies ftw RedManBearPig 
I hear they are called
Oh
Rarely
Sunhappy: that should be R
vih-DEE -oh
hmm
you married a dutchy cake? you did a good job
blowing: <3
we are good life stock, the men atleast
I kind of ditched atlasb and everyone in minecraft
well, a half dutchy. and yes, he's the freaking best.
hot single dads are hot
what's the other half?
australian
if you say german I take my words back
1:43 PM <Sunhappy> hot single dads are hot
ouch
Truism of the century
I like australians
Black people are black
:D
they're pretty neat
White people are white
but the consensus here is that they suck dick
you sound so profound now protopill 
who, australians?
I'm white and black on the inside
what does that make me
Sunhappy: it's the edge
certainly some of them do
yes cake
It's so sharp
RedManBearPig: you an Oreo?
no
i am reminded of a 3LW song
if oreas were white
White chocolate Oreos
Got it
"playas, they gon play"
"hatas, they gon hate"
Lol
does anyone in irc live near las vegas?
"ballas, they gon ball"
and so forth
that's pretty close to CA right
"Awalts, they gonna awalt"?
who has hot single male friends for blowing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drvS9w-lTMc
come on everyone
Oh wait I didn't get my black vernacular
yes protopill 
I meant "gon"
Not gonna
That was white
'm getting a little tired of your broken promises promises
Looking at your pager seeing different numbers and numbers 
Call you on your cell you hangin' the fellas the fellas 
Hangin' with my girls you always getting jealous n' jealous
when music was deep lol
witzie: I've always had a thing for guys who ride dirt bikes and they do that in Vegas!
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/cL6eM8QI/
dirt bikes?
i thought vegas was all hotels and casinos
yeah sunhappy
Tons of desert
thats what I thought
but its in the desert
so pick a direction and walk out of the city?
might find some dirtbikers
Blowing you going for a bad boy?
blowing go for a super hot divorced single man in his mid-40s
Maybe like a good boy outside/bad boy inside drok
it'll be like a lifetime movie
"My Love: Blowing in the Winds" -- now on LMC
lol
Sunhappy++
:D
the answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind
Like he can hold a job but good in bed
LOL Sunhappy
"he can hold a job" setting the bar high there, blowing lol
super high
lol
but ya know unemployment is down to 5%
so he's worse than 95% of ppl if he cant
actually that's awful
lol
go for a man with an AA
still feels like ppl are getting laid off left and right
in like something engineering
but i guess they're finding work immediately?
like a mike rowe lookin dude
something is amidst !
I'm ok with only misdemeanors or one felony
griddy
5% is th eU3 numbers
damn contract workers
Well
lookup th eU6 unemployment
Unless he pled no contest
Then 2 felonies is fine
http://gonetworth.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/mike-rowe-net-worth.jpg
that's very specific blowing
No face tattoos
AtlasB: i wasn't gonna go into it lol
why do my cows disappear?
but yeah 5% is soooo off
http://www.forbes.com/sites/louisefron/2014/08/20/tackling-the-real-unemployment-rate-12-6/#2715e4857a0b26c580101e12
Hard limit on face tattoos
AtlasB: yes this seems more realistic
to what im seeing
Sunhappy: mike Rowe is sexy
plenty of ppl over qualified
lawyers working at starbucks
marginally so
when the U3 was 5.4% under bush
the left was screaming  we had the wors teconomy in history
lol
in 2005, errbody had a house, a top job, moving all over the country
What sunscreen cakeforallofyou ?
atlanta went from some hick town to a super metro
when i was in college interns were paid
buahahaha
just a chemist brand zinc cream
but it smells great and looks great on and seems to be doing a good job
sucks man
but then i graduated in 09
and this was the speech an ivy leagu pres gave us
"Congrats! Most of you won't have jobs!"
That's a plus! Sometimes the store brand is the same as a brand-name, just packages differently
i was like this blows
yeah
plus 25% of the cost ;)
graduating in the wake of a major recession blows 
omg griddy i'm class of 09 too!!! :3
i told R this and he lol'ed
(there are very few zinc options here)
I like the biore watery essences sunscreen
he doesn't believe the Recession was real
:O
nah
I also graduated 09
it was
that downturns happen all the time
i feel like that was the toughest year for reecent grads to find jobns
but it wasn't like the most devastating since the great depression
GIRLS is based off that
anyway
There's nothing worse than white sunscreen on dark skin
they would have been 09 too lol
i can't argue with him on it. 
looks nice
he was like "do you know the numbers? where did you get the numbers?"
yeah, i can imagine. i'm pale as fuck so it looks fine on me
"how did you CRUNCH the numbers??" "which news site did you hear that from? do you trust the media??"
and so forth. i had to let it go lol
Sunhappy: the media didnt have to tell us
GIRLS is shit
most of us were finance majors
griddy i'm pretty sure R was deployed then
the lack of jobs told us
i went to DC cuz there were no jobs in South Carolina
i was doing my 3rd round interview for Lehman
blowing join #ppdafterdark the convo migrated
Aldis had an opening
in march 08
zinc is the physical sunscreen ingredient, right?
600 applied
it paid $11/hr
new and improved with peer reviewed penis size studies
i think so, yeah
for the Securitization Desk
that did all the MBS and shit
I think it was mostly zinc sunscreens that washed me out
http://www.livestrong.com/article/147539-zinc-oxide-ointment-uses/
they emailed us "unfortunately we will not to be offering a program for this desk this summer"
lehman closed in sept/oct
a mess
yeah, they're fairly opaque i think
it was all a mess
frankly
and i can only admit this here
some times i think about what life would have been like
if i weathered the recession and stayed home
My family thinks I'm crazy for wearing sunscreen everyday
i'd probably be married now
with kids, like many of my peers in college
hah
I'm the lightest one and I tell them all the time I'm not as protected from the sun as they are
I've only been sunburned once and once was enough lol
hehe
i think the recession should have been a wake up call for our generation griddy
and instead it just painfully encouraged more entitled behavior
Sunhappy: i think it was
how?
but not in the way you think
My sister is only a little bit darker than I am
explain
everyone went tech and entreperenurial in some way
even me
and im fine now
So she's my control, since she doesn't wear sunscreen
it was a wake up call to all of us in finance that the norm isnt the norm anymore and we just have to create our own path
most people our generation are underemployed or unemployed
We'll see who looks better in their 30s!
many gave up the pursuit of adulthood
and are now living at home
on mommy's insurance still
i lived at home breiefly
pushing back every rite of passage
smart move for me personally
needed the cash
detours are to be expected but not for 8 years
well
living at home wasn't an option for me
idk
sink or swim
cuz they're annoying as fuck
bro opted to be in a shelter
i think it sucks for the ppl who are sinking
than live at home again
but i think for others it's making them more entreprenurial
in some way
thinking outside the box
i imagine the great depression led to the same
more entreprenuerial? idk about that
again this is my circle
im around go getters anyway
they couldnt get ajob on wall street
so they fouind some other way
the type of person who wanted to work at Goldman
is never going to be okay living in a shelter
they will find a way
i see
i can agree wtih that
i doubt my bro will ever get into goldmans or blackrock
but i think people who are naturally entrepreneurial or smart would thrive in any reality
"but i think people who are naturally entrepreneurial or smart would thrive in any reality" yeah i agree
There's too many chats now argh
whereas those who weren't or aren't currently, would be less capable of finding/building that skill
I have to go between like 5 ircs
protopill: just pick the best one :D
Hello
hey coochquarantine 
hey
Congrats on the new shiny flair!
Thanks :D 
Is anyone supposed to get snow this weekend?
We're supposed to get some either tonight or tomorrow night.
Same and then more for us this weekend
3PM on a wednesday and the stores are already a nightmare
I'm glad I went shopping today lol
We're already out of milk and bread here.
People fear the icepocalypse.
I'm not a fan, but it's not the end of the world haha
Tell that to people here. lol
Any amount of ice on the roads means everyone clings to their perishables like it's the end times.
preach 
Even the oatmeal was picked through
Even the oatmeal?
Zombie was that a reference to that YouTube video 
I love that one 
Which youtube video?
I've forgotten my youtube.
Hahaha, this puppy doesn't understand walking backwards. He just hopped his way back out of the space between my bed and the wall.
http://youtu.be/i6zaVYWLTkU
Haha, that's basically everyone here.
That was before another icepocalypse
Already today, the store was ransacked of its milk and bread.
Lol. That's pretty much how it gets here. 
They called the nursing home to tell them if they needed more that they were SOL.
It's just so funny you said it 
I didn't even look at those haha, I knew what it'd be like
Every line was halfway down an aisle 
Hello
Hey! long time no see
._.; this internet connection ....
Me too
I'm having a lot of problems on chat lately
Aw
How are you doing?
Good! good
Just got home from work. It's finally snowing here!
Gross
I hope I'm hope before it snows Friday
damn yall
later all
have a great day yall!
Haha yeah
I'm glad I didn't have to drive in heavy snow. It had just started at about 4:45 just before everyone was leaving.
I'll be learning how to drive this year
I'm terrified! 
But mostly looking forward to getting it over with
http://www.stuff.co.nz/life-style/love-sex/76087323/couple-celebrate-82year-wedding-anniversary-and-reveal-how-they-made-it-last     Cute
But I only want to live that only if I'm in reasonably good health
Ooooh
Good luck, I have confidence in you, lo_andbehold :)
haha, thanks! I'm scared, so I'll be super careful and therefore a good driver, right?
Lol you'll do well I'm sure
it's OK to be cautious on the road
Are you taking a class or having someone you know teach you?
That's adorable and inspiring about the longest marriage
My state requires classes 
But since I'm an older student, they'll rush me through
Isn't it! Think about everything they've been married though
The end of the depression, two world wars
You'll probably be in a marked student car then.  Just don't panic, people are pretty patient with marked student cars
Yeah. And littlebee's right.
That's good to know
My husband is going to help teach me too
?
Awesome - good!
I'm learning how to drive this year, too.
How's it going for you?
?????!
Well, I'm probably going to get my bro to teach me. I've driven a little before, but that was on gravel at about 30-40mph.
I've driven like once
It was 3am, no one was out
I've only done it like twice.
Traffic signals and judging turns at intersections. will be the harder part for me.
And I pulled out of the way for an emergency vehicle! 
That was the high light
do you guys live in cities with good public transit / walking? no way i could live without a car in my city 
I just have my family drive me where I need to go.
My roomie at 23 or 24 does not have a license; I driveher sometimes, usually she has friends drive her and she takes the bus.
I feel the same, though, Amelia
One of the first things my SO asked me was if I drive/have a car.  He wouldn't date women who didn't
kittenkajira, thanks for sharing your blog link
You're welcome!  I'm very new at it
Huge city, great transit and walking
I never had to learn and my mom never taught me
??????????????
I never learned because I was always driven anywhere. That, and the idea of driving around a giant hulking piece of metal intimidated me greatly.

edgy
:D
i dont drive either, growing up my friends or family just took me everywhere or i hired a car. now M just drives me everywhere or i get a car
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmSiRjbx1lU
lol
Interrobangs are cool.
but this year M is teaching me how to drive!
???????
So that's 3 of us learning. lol
Aw, Camille :) How exciting, good luck
How different!  :)
This year must be learn-to-drive year
Same here!
How old are you Camille? 
I'm 27 and finally learning
21!
http://everydayfeminism.com/2016/01/attempts-to-end-pc-culture/
Did we find you a new man blowing?
hahah
I'm 21 as well. 
I've thought about getting rid of my car, so that we're a one-car household.  Not sure how that works with children, though.  There aren't any bus stops on this side of town, so it would be taxi only if I had to get somewhere.
M is buying a new car soon and im getting his current one so i think i start learning whenever he gets the new car
I'm going to have to learn with my aunt's van.
that could be hard w/ kids kittenkajira 
Which is intimidating and not remotely me-sized.
Yeah.  Both of our cars are paid in full, so it's not too big a deal to keep them.
I am without man, drok
I haven't learned how to drive a van and I'd ... honestly rather not learn that
We're getting a car this year because we want to start having kids
To each her own, though, heh (it would have been my mom's minivan and she swears by it.)
My mom likes driving trucks since she likes being the biggest thing on the road
Well, my aunt's van is the only thing we have.
I'd prefer a small car.
Yeah, so does my mom (well, grandma. Mom figure.)
Same, aZombieKitten ^_^
Maybe you'll like it. 
oh actually M says i can get a new car if i want
J recommended I get a Miata, which is super cute.
that would be cute aZombieKitten 
Aw it is! Just searched for it.
i dont know anything about cars so i havent thought about what kind id like to have, i just know the brands i like/dont like not any specific types 
Perfectly me-sized.
I just need something small, really.
I'm still driving the car I learned to drive in, but hopefully next year (if I don't have enough saved up this year for it) I'll buy myself a car of my own!
the strawman is real
also the artist is terrible
Me sized, lol
Smae
*same
Something small preferable as well, :D
I like safe cars.  
I almost considered a trike, since those controls are less foreign to me.
But being exposed to the elements isn't pleasant.
yeah
Being on a motorcycle in the rain once sucked
(I obviously wasn't driving it)
I loved riding fourwheelers when I was younger.
I live in a city, we never did anything like that growing up
(my mom would say that's white people shit XD)
my h is so charming
"i just farted so hard i think i ripped ahole in my underwear!"
ew
I grew up in the middle of nowhere in a redneck area.
lol
I can almost picture that in his voice.
ihttps://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41wx1r/how_effective_would_this_dating_strategy_be_for_a/cz5uazd
i love how she leaves out "and i let himspin plates"
that is such a bad strategy 
My husband wants to move some place more rural but I'd miss the diversity of the city
95% of the time the fixer upper dumps the guy pretty immediately
My sister missed it a lot when she left the area
I ask him all the time if he's going to be okay being "the black family" haha
witzie++
so if im with a fat chick, i should hope she stays fat?
i feel guys are more loyal to fixer uppers
if her smv rises youre gone
yes guys are
shell dump him like a hot potato
No doubt
She won't even wait til she hit goal weight
'Ah, the Henry Higgins strategy. It sounds like a way to make two people miserable."
I love that movie.
I'm basically Henry Higgins
i thought of vertigo too, but this isn't like that
OMG ORGASM INEQUALITY!!! THE INJUSTICE!!!! http://everydayfeminism.com/2015/12/orgasm-inequality/
Omg the snow
did it start?
im going to make snow day beef stew yumm
Girl yes
Heading home. Working out
We may have a snow day tomorrow
That sounds good AtlasB 
i love snow yay
The snow is making me anxious
geez
Lol they say we make get 8 inches
wow
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/YUylsWj9/
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/iYjj4Sb2/Screenshot_2016-01-20-19-05-50.png
Now they're saying 1-2 feet
I hope I'm at Rs house when it happens
Lol that comic
Mx
lol
thats fuckign nuts
shes trowing things at him
did no one tell millenials"sticks and stones may breka my bones but words will never hur tme?"
No
The last time I heard that taken seriously was 1997
how come her throwing things at him is "free speech" ?
when his free speech is just talking?
thats whats amazing
they think its the same
But words can hurt!!! Just as much
and him saying something she doesn't like means she has the free speech right to throw cars and fire hydrants at him
That's what I was taught
this is what mencken meant
about there coming a timewith the left to start knocking heads
actually, he is throwing things at her
badly drawn comic
Gosh it's really sticking :(
Yeah Lonny_Z 
I want to be with R :(
<3 SP
I wasn't sure at first who was theowing
Jack4ss++
the comic is hideous
you are too nice to me witzie
Lol
.karma
.ranks
So protopill
I'm 4 karma from the next rank
SPSPSPSP
Hey fiat who else is in he bay area?
afk
Occam's and phantomdream are here I think but they're pretty stuffy folks
Stuffy?
lol
And having to do an amog fight with Occam would be lame
ha
ye fuck that
Amog?
Lol why would you have a fight over that?
you dont understand
blowing++
You haven't chatted with occams lol
blowing++
blowing++
I haven't no
blowing++
do you know what amog is
YESSSSSSSSSSSS
.karma
its just a battle of who is the most dominating
witzie++
Apparently she is the one dodging
He tends to show everyone who is alpha in the chat
lol
There's like .5 inches of snow
but artist is so bad at drawing
that we can argue about that
Why can't bitches drive!
SerN,i dont see anything wrong with that
All men do that
It would get annoying in a friendly gathering
SerNemesis: DG69 is in your area
We don't do that in #superior sunhat y
Sunhappy
Yes blowing I mean other than dg69 and bardolatta
Omg this suuuuuucks omg
Don't take that tone with me
Dg69 will be meeting up but bardolatta will only come if I can find another person
We must recruit
And fiat coming is out of the question
Just ask her on a date SerNemesis jeez
We're at an inch now
I want protopill to make a business trip or something
Bardolatta is a dude blowing
Why is fiat so lame?
proto should go!!
Ikr atlasb
protopill shoul dmee tyou guys 
hes lame
why does bardo need anothe rperson to go
This snow makes me want to be lazy
has it even snowed yet/
This sounds like the beginning of a craigslist as
Ad*
Yes AtlasB 
It went from frost looking to an inch of snow
blowing could take a short detour from vegas and meet up
In like 20 minutes
Yeah witzie
Blowing should take a short 7 hour detour and meetup
I think everyone agrees
Yeah blowing!
yeah blowing!
Omg npr
Shoot me please
Just a mini-detour NBD
Here are my terms:
*10 hour
This white man is jogging in the snow. Wtf
DG69 being there is non negotiable
Done
Wine country tour-- non negotiable
Agreed blowing
Oh
Done
SerNemesis is DD
Agreed
Uhm
LOL
I'll need to come up with one hell of an excuse to mom lol
Protopill does tandem biking with me --non negotiable
Amazing
any other terms blowing?
I think they should have to get you a hot date
in CA
and not the whithered figgy food
Hot dates for everyone!
lol
shh, bot
.msg #purplepilldebate say FUCK YOU MOLDADOR 
16:26:30 <@witzie> I think they should have to get you a hot date
hey now!
Volunteering for duty
lol
Fiat makes me dim sum -- non negotiable
Which chicks need a hot date?
Huh fiat making dim dum
Dim sum
That is doable
PPDBot was added to ignore list
He won't give it there
But he could mail it in anonymously
.msg #purplepilldebate action 7:28 PM <Moldador> PPDBot was added to ignore list 
.msg #purplepilldebate act 7:28 PM <Moldador> PPDBot was added to ignore list 
INTJ always finding a loop hole
https://www.reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/41thyc/nsfw_question_about_the_mechanics_of_straight_sex/
Lol
.msg #purplepilldebate act starts weeping and slashing her wrists
Ooh goodness what the hell PPDBot 
PPDBot: is a chick?
What is up with PPDBot 
Wtf Architect 
How stupid can he be
I think it's adorbs
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41wx1r/how_effective_would_this_dating_strategy_be_for_a/cz5wbf6?context=3
cause...he's gay
nice deflection
I've heard weirder
That's creepy what she wrote
I hope it's sarcasm
WHY IS TRAFFIC SO HORRIBLE OMG
It is serious sadly
What? Of course it's sarcastic right
I have to use the bathroom omg
Wait okat
he spins plates
That has to be sarcastic
Lol
hes not faithful to her
hell never marry her
But yeah he treats her pretty badly
he;; dump her when shes 30
witzie: she dumb
This is common knowledge? :(
About her
Architect what difference does it make if he is gay?
I'm a virgin and I know the mechanics of doggy style
She gives rpw advice all the time
because he doesn't get straight sex
yeh
I think it's funny
lol
she was one of the original rpws
shes whispers GF
Sooooooo
she has cancer maybe she'll get lucky and die before he leaves her
I don't understand then lol
Witzie omg
it wa sbefore me and margery and temp actually made rpw what it is
Idk who whisper is
i think it wa skinda gonna be plate school or something
How to be a plate?!
Lol
isn't whisper some RP guy who is fucking some RPW and has a bunch of plates??
Walk outside
Who needs instructions for that???
Open legs
Wait
yes
fleeting wish is his gf
Anyway that's sad is that's the case
https://www.reddit.com/user/whisper
Nothing wrong with being a plate
If she knows what it means
Nine year club?!
And wants
Let's get her screen name banned
Her name is now more apt
weve smacked her down on rpw a few times
she also started the saddest sub on earth
r/fpua
Hmm
We could bait her into a ban
is she unpleasant or is she just naive?
She is naive and stockholm
I don't care either way I just find it unnerving that's she had her SN for 9 years
Why lol
My solipsism
FW is such hit and miss sometimes.
https://www.reddit.com/r/fPUA/new/
AtlasB: there's another plate in rpw
shes what TBP accuses RPW of being
It doesn't make sense to me that someone can be somewhere for 9 years without causing enough trouble to be banned
basically
With a famous bf who proposed to her on mushrooms
stockholm syndrome TRP suck up
I didn't last my entire gestation before getting banned from babycenter.com
thats vintagegamegirl
yeh
hes spectacular
who is whisper
?
she'll hang on the the bitter end
hes gorgeous
Probably
quasi famous
ive seen them both
shes nothing to sniff at
He may wife her when he's old
shes hanging on til he gets it out of his system
thats how you get alpha
So she's pretty?
shell be the one who stuck it out
oh yeh shes reall pretty
nice body
does VGG's bf cheat
surfer girl
hes "poly"
lol
sounds rpw
So he does
Coooooool
That's unfortunate
Yeah her post made me sad
link to pics?
nah im not doxxing her
she, her boyfriend is poly, she's mono
:(
and she's waiting it out?
i argued with tempy about it
it IS a strategy
the only strategy
that doesn't seem like something RPW would endorse
to get a super high value type of man
its not abotu endorsing
It's true
we dont think you should go fo rmen liek that
but shes got one
and wants him
If he sleeps around but still supports her and stuff
and her strategy is correct
hmm
Emotional loyalty may just be more important to her
Its what nba and rapper wives do
right they have a business together
he supports her
I doubt he "supports her" 
oh nvm
theyve been together for years
I assumed he was just hot
She's actually being pretty RP
shes like some model right
yeh
She's not trying to change the man
youre type
hobo
She's still being supportive to him
v california
Lol hobo
She should spin plates
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/4yx6wbHW/
Nah
she'll rpw her way into being his wife when its out of his system
He'll drop her immediately
yeh hed dump her
If it works out
that doesnt work with higher value men
Yeah how could he respect her enough to marry her
He'll love her to death
just nerds and fat poly chumps
For putting up with him
After she let herself be treated like that
her "submitted" is the saddest thing since the black plague
And is old
same way gene simmons eventually married shannon tweed
She's a ride or die it seems like
men who do that love the woman
he loves her
hes just a cunthound
I don't think he's stopped spinning
Lol
Who gene Simmons?
KISS
Ooh
lead singer
Well yeah
Ugly as fuck
But she's a wife now
But has been with thousands
And has his money
I think if he's still with her, he's going to eventually end up with her
Well they have two grown kids together
right
thats he rploy
She always had his money
shell be there at the end
#bitchesstaywinning
I've known a few couples where they resisted being together but everyone knew they were going to just be together eventually
cause they were always together
Nah that's different
do they not want kids?
You mean like your friends Ross and Rachel, Architect ?
blowing: ssshhh
+++
I don't think women stay around for 15 years
For betas
Without marriage. IMO
You outed yourself at "I know couples" plural.
We're talking a loyal ride or die who is high smv for a man that didn't commit to her ever
If you said, I've seen shows or read on Reddit, then sure.
She's only doing that because he's an alpha
yup
That's why I can't really say she's a fool
She's not
and sexual fidelity isnt the most important thing to every woman
he come shome to her
she gets the title girlfriend
Yeah
for what thats worth
She's just making a lot of women uncomfy is all
And the groupie bitches know her place too
right
The rules are different on that level
i think hes a musician
Who does the man claim??
That's the rule
It's kind of like how things go with poly hierarchies.
The primary gets the majority of the attention.
blowing: *no one told it was gonna be this wwaaAaAAaaAay*
The secondaries and tertiaries are practically irrelevant.
LOL
So even if she's a live in gf he cheats on, if he claims her in public, it didn't matter how many bitches he has, she's his woman
wives and concubines
same diff
Betas don't have that pull
Most still do it with some discretion tho
Even if they have a claimed woman
There's discretion
Like labron James
His wife and him love each other
He creeps too
so, if your man cheats on you, but comes home to you, is that still not a problem?
No
for RPW'minded people
But his gf now wife is in charge. Bitches know what's up
Stay in your lane
It depends on the girl, Arch.
Some women only care for emotional fidelity.
Architect: not for me
And it depends on the guy
so would you guys do this?
But again
For me it completely depends on the guy
If I had a truly high quality man and knew it wouldn't turn out horribly for me in the end, sure.
Depends on your threshold for dominance I'd think
How long you been together
blowing: the guy is me, Chandler Bing
Is he an alpha? Can you do better? Etc
High value provider/ alpha bucks then yeah
Beta? No
I wouldn't allow that with a beta
If I was married for years
Lol I wouldn't for chandler Architect
why not with a beta?
I wouldn't end my marriage over some stranger bitch
if you can get an alpha bucks, why not get the alpha bucks
Just don't ruin my reputation
Or hurt my family. And no emotional affairs
I'm getting lost in terminology I think
wow so it's about that
interesting Sunhappy 
I would
yeh sunhappy
almost certainyl
I'm also Nigerian
"emotional affair" i will never understand
thats the traditional attitude
All Nigerian men cheat
all men cheat
lol
It's expected
dont fool yourselves
My cousin was like why is your mom crying over one lovechild????
My father has 3!!
Awww
blowing: im basically just asking why if you can get an alpha bux, wouldn't you get the alpha bux? You said you'd accept cheating from an alpha, but not from a beta
this is the first time in history women actually dotn beleive that
Lol
so what if the beta is the best you can realistically do
no one thought like that wwhen i wa syoung
Ohhh
not every woman can get alpha bux
R....I don't think he'd cheat on me. If I were his age, maybe
or handle one
Alpha bux is a difficult one.
I'm saying I would accept cheating if the guy was a high value provider/alpha bux with discretion
right
discretion was always th ekey
My age gap is a nice buffer
AB and BF are the "ideal" partner.
Very difficult to find.
men had reputations too
My H for example doesn't use discretion
ok, i see
a man who cheate odn his wife and kids
was anathem
My mom got cheated on and begged my dad not to claim
it wasnt celebrated or backslapped
sunhappy are you in nigeria
Cuz that would be reputation
ppl live in a fantasy world about th epast
Lol no
LOL
So if I never caught him then... he did his job well.
Sunhappy: is straight repping nigeria
If I don't KNOW the cheating is going on, whatever.
THE HOMELAND
Me catching him was dumb as fuck
People are more realistic there
people ar enot realistic now
AT al
In terms of how men and women are naturally
im shocked at the things women think about men
180 fromwhen i wa syoung
R is normal yay
it was just presumed men cheat
Actually, I think my mom tried to teach me a lot of this stuff.
my dad cheate don my mom when i was 2
Except she just tried to push me in the total opposite direction--lesbianism.
and he wa sin his residency
It's also how men act now tho AtlasB that's a 189
180
yes
Idk what I'd do if he cheated though
youd cry
Dumbasses don't use discretion
and hed comfoirt you
right
spergearnestness
they have to be honestttttttt
its not cheating if i tell you!
I'd rather not know really
me too
7:58 PM <Sunhappy> I'd rather not know really
About ons
Yes
Please use protection and discretion
Affairs, yeah, I'd like to know.
Don't bring home diseases or kids and I never want to know. Thank you.
R went to Texas for work. Told be about all the women hitting on him
Talk about dread
Really???
Yeah
He's navy!
:(
I thought he was black
Hahaha
He said if he wanted to cheat he'd tell me lol
I think talking about being flirted with is tacky
Try flirting with women directly in front of your SO.
it depends
But usually doesn't feel the "urge" to cheat if he's happy in his relationships
but I'm with you on it blowing
Like you may as well be trying to cheat right in front of them.
R was just saying how women aren't loyal nowadays
witzie: would you accept a man hitting up other women?
Some ladies who flirted with him were married
no
I think best case scenario a guy could ask for is being flirted with in front of his SO and declining to reciprocate the flirtation
Ok. I figured. 
So she sees he's in demand
But loyal
this is an interesting chat you ladies are having today
He's getting ass that night
No doubt
I know R is in demand for his age bracket
Well yeah
Idk. No point being anxious about it
Because most are married off
He's good to me so I need to trust him
right
He's not an asshole in any way. I'm not gonna freak that others find him hot too
It keeps you motivated
No him being hot shouldn't be a reason to distrust
I just want to stay pretty and nice and helpful for him. 
right
I find that interesting. I think most men would certainly not trust hot women by default
i just ate like a pig
From what you've said Sunhappy it sounds like you're doing all that for him!
Pish
i am pretty sure many men dont trust any women
I'm trying lol thanks
That totally depends on your own confidence arhitect
hot or ugly
but keep mate guarding
you're all blue
Architect I don't trust men or women as a whole but I will develop trust for certain individuals
that's annoying
do you trust me blowing
If R wants to cheat, he will
I can't control him
I do witzie
I mean, I trust people who earn it sure. It's much harder for women to earn my trust though, if I'm being honest
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecJUqhm2g08&feature=youtu.be
lol
Architect: I get that
I know what women are capable of and they scare the shit out of me
Women will ruin lives in the most stunningly creative ways
Sunhappy sounds like she's about to freeak out
most of the things I'd want to particularly trust women about requires women not acting like women now that I kind of think about it
Nah
I've just grown I think
No she doesn't
oh?
Lol Architect
wat
then you might as well be fucking guys
Sunhappy: doesn't sound like she's about to freak out to me SexyMcSexington
you think you have to trust women to fuck them?
lol
Thanks blowing
Trust them not to poke holes in condoms
good point
marry a guy architect
Sunhappy: 
Maybe I will
we can play halow
u cant trust them even for that
halo*
however
like
u wear it on
alone!
A man will just cheat on you Architect
he'll cheat on me to play CoD instead hunh?
jerk
AMALT
Typical man
Missing my man now :(
R
lol
blowing loves everyone's men
Lol
what  THE FUCK
Blowing i TRUSTED you
architect
:O
;)
aww yiss
why are you putting hearts on sunhappys man
witzie:
those are SPs
#BlowingAndArch
blowin--
SP gets this
blowing--
SP
He gets the double heart hug
lolol
now you're insulting Sunhappy 
blowing++
because now SP is worth more hearts than R
That's fine
Sunhappy: gets it
Lol
lool
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/3ne4r9/men_who_havent_been_in_a_relationship_in_a_long/cvndi64 i wonder if any RP pmed him
so?
fight
fight
fight
We ranked hearts levels in girl chat
Sp?
why aren't I in girl chat
LET THIS BE BETWEEN US
what about <4
What lol
bboooo 
It changed!
what does <4 rank as
.modterm SP hot as fuck, property of itzie
its sweet cocoa!
Adjust your name witzie
In the definition
property of itzie
witzie?
nah keep it this way
darker, sweeter, and more cocoa-y than ever
.modterm SP hot as fuck, property of witzie
Architect?
Damn
Shots fired
nah
I accept it
Sunhappy?
:(
azombiekitten?
Lollll
dragoness?
c'mon guys
Blowing?
Lol
So I'm just a basket of unexplainable feels???
Yes
It's in the definition so
:(
It's true
I think you have some good explainations for your feels
lol blowing, at fist I read that as "Maxim Mom"
lol
was starting to think you were a milf
she is milf
have you seen her sloot photos?
maxim mom confirmed 
dragoness: I haven't talked to you in like 3 weeks
where have you been
working. I only come really late
Finally gone
Home
aah
ive been trying to leave earlier
the last two times I was here your account had signed off for inactivity like a few minutes after I got on
story of my life
AtlasB pete on the office is so cute
him and erin
i can't remember who pete is
Dg69?
Lol
It's true
One of you is the most bizarre
Not dg
im pretty bizarre i guess
DG what does DG stand for
guess
mm
D probably stands for dominant obviously
so what's G?
Jack4ss: 
dis ard
Dominant dis ard
no
lol
ok
hiya lifterofthings 
how's the parasite doin
ohai! Good good. 15 weeks today. :D
How're you doin?
giraffe?
doin alright
dominant giraffe is way better than her real name
had work off today which was nice
congrats on 15 weeks!
good shiet. Where do you work?
and is the 69 her birth date
that's almost 4 months damn
or is that a reference to something else
thats like half way
1969, yea
engineering co-op
got it
see, nothing gets past me
Close-ish! The actual gestation is closer to 10 months.
that was good man
that was imperssive
I am jelly. What kinda engineer are you?
i solved the mystery
chemE
architect, will you be my watson?
Ah, right. I shoulda known from the karma-level pic :p
indubitably 
Is your field seeing a lot of impact from the abysmal prices of oil?
yeah actually 
laid 2,000 engineers off in Q4 =/
My man protopill needs to come visit the bay area
Ouch. That is a lot. =\
Architect have you seen that documentary on donald trump?
its called er
http://trumpthemovie.com/watch/
whats the deal?
this guy is the biggest buffoon
My period is late, but I highly doubt I'm pregnant because I have a copper iud 
Is it a recent IUD? I guess those mess with your cycle sometimes?
I haven't wanted to talk about any of my friends irl but I wanted to spill it sometimes 
Well regardless of what he may or may not be, he's resonating with the feelings of half the country
I've had this thing for like 6 or 7 years almost 
if he ever gets into power, he will just turn america into one big wal-mart
It's only 5 days late
lo_andbehold_: this is weird but uh....I just had blood work and an ultrasound today confirm a 5 wk pregnancy with a paragard in place
Ah. Well, they're not foolproof! Have you taken a test yet?
http://imgur.com/gallery/3DdhHKS
damn son
Wut wut? You're preggers, LBT?
Well...
Jack4ss: maybe, maybe not. It all depends really
does he resonate any feelings with you
MAYBE I might not want that paragard.
no one really ends up doing what they say they are going to do to the letter
i knw you are canadian but
Apparently lot! I'm still I'm shock
WOAHHHHHH
HOLY SHIT WOW
No I haven't taken a test yet, I figured I'd wait til after the weekend
It's really great zom, this is like a one in a million thing
I liked his response to gender equality in america and in the government when that was a big issue before christmas
otherwise, not really
Wow! Congrats! With no-jinxing, ofc.
aZombieKitten: it should be noted we'll be in medical journals as it really is exceeding rare. Like struck by lightening rare.
Sweet.
Are you going to keep it? Ignore me if that's too noisy I talked to my husband about what we would do this morning 
is there any woman
that looks better fatter
Going to be famous. :p
all trump is, is a poster boy
and not because she like has an eating disorder?
Make them name the article "when sperms won't take no for an answer"
And ignore my bad punctuation lol
I'm a believer in all things, you do the crime you do the time...so
Yup
Actually, I was probably going to get the Mirena anyway, since I got put on BC initially for my periods being too heavy.
can't stamp the trump
oh pls
i will fly over just to assassinate this cretin if he gets elected
Yeah, the copper one can make them worse for a while
i wish i could fly over to vote
what is it about him specifically you don't like?
just to get into the regressive left's eye
I think some women look better at  higher end of average bmi if they have good weight distribution. I don't think they look better overweight though
all his lies
and have them blind
his lack of morals
lol
It was like 8-10 months before my periods were normal again
are you a conservative or sth
We'd keep it if everything was going well, the plan was to start trying *later* this year, so we're ready but not as ready as we want to be, if that makes sense 
he bought some apartments, and then hired people to kick tenants out by gathering information on them and ruining their lives
Haha yes. It makes perfect sense.
he moved homeless people into the building, just to make tenants leave
lol
If it were earlier in our marriage, things might have been different 
I've been on hormones for years now, so I have no clue how I am off.
cant he just move them out by eviction or sth?
I bawled All afternoon. Can't go to Alaska. Can't get drunk on the cruise next month. Can't compete in a figure meet, as I'll be crowning about that time
not entirely sure, its in that documentary
It's a lot to take in at once I imagine 
I'm glad I wasn't the only one with mixed feelings.
"Well, there go my plans for the foreseeable future. fml"
i think if he had the right to just evict them, he would have done so
with police
Hey! You weren't planning for it and you had protections in place against it, it's okay to have mixed feelings
lo_andbehold your cycle could also be changing due to diet changes, i know you said that you were trying to eat more
But I really admire your attitude 
That's so true Camille! Thanks for reminding me of that
Well, he certainly doesn't hide the fact that he's for big business
i can be late or early depending on how much ive been eating, vitamin intake, sleep schedule, and fitness
he got palin's backing as well
also stress can set me back a few days too
he just wants the biggest toy
i guess she didnt forget the way GOP treated her
and to stamp his name on as many buildings as possiblme
I'm usually very regular, but we've spent the past month stressed and broke haha
lo_andbehold_ I did once miss a full cycle when I first went low carb 
hes attention seeking in nature
so yeah just other possibilities to keep in mind lo_andbehold :)
yeah that could do it! 
has had so many girlfriends
It's just not normally this late
lacks character
But I'll pick up a test after work on Friday if nothing happens by then
what kind of character are we talking about
because he certainly can sell his image
thats all he can do
an image
PR
that's all that matters
he has no SPUNK
i have a more regular schedule now but in the past i used to go 1-3 monhs w/o a period depending on my lifestyle (as a virgin so definitely no chance of prengancy there)
what is spunk
does it?
thats all the matters?
best of luck with the test lo_andbehold!
in politics?
yeah
I'm kinda excited to find out the sex. Less than a month. :D
I will give him this, I did find it odd he let Palin endorce him considering all  liberals hate palin and most conservatives even think she's a retard. Seems like a risky move he didn't have to take
making good decisions, doesnt matter
making educated decisions doesnt matter
well duh
just, aslong as u have a good image
I'd want a girl 
yeah
obama proved this to be the case
My period has always been super regular despite my low weight 
how so
I do too. My chances are slim though
Same-- except my weight's on the other end of the scale.
I have a feeling this one's a boy. idk tho. I read an old wives' tale type thing about higher heart rates belonging to girls.
obama isnt a moron, you wont see obama stooping low to make card games, and reality tv shows
And this one's was 157 bpm at the last ultrasound.
bf's mom wants a girl really badly. She has 3 sons.
well, the whole thing that lead to the (neo)cons downfall and the rise of demos was how bad their external politics and warmongering was. 
at least thats what i observed as an outsider
Have any acne? That's a good sign of a boy.
<Architect> I will give him this, I did find it odd he let Palin endorce him considering all  liberals hate palin and most conservatives even think she's a retard. Seems like a risky move he didn't have to take
she's a woman
No, actually I had acne that went away when I got preggers.
I tend to run a little high on the T anyway.
He's going to milk her endorsement for a few weeks then distance himself accordingly 
Even moreso if I'm lifting a lot
he is full of risk Architect, he was bankrupt and still decided to buy more buildings
Ooh, increased estrogen from a girl cleared it up!
dragoness: no doubt, yea
That's an interesting wive's tale!
I actually think his campaign is very calculated
yeh, I don't think it has any scientific basis
not much risk
We'll see soon enough tho :D
ofc there is risk in it
Things like that can still be fun though
Like horoscopes 
with his borderline racist comments
etc
now *I* wouldn't have done it but I'm certain he has some excellent political strategists who okay'd the move
<Architect> I actually think his campaign is very calculated
lifterofthings are you getting any genetic testing done?
ha, or yeah like you just said
 my bot is more active in this chat than me
atlasb
Still waiting on bloodwork, but the nuchal translucency didn't indicate any problems.
the bot is like twice as active as me
we need your intergenerational wisdom
it's embarassing
is obama a moron? were his 2 tenures failures? yes? no?
you are more active than the bot
what
lol, stop bugging atlas 
I assume they won't bother with the amniocentesis if the bloodwork's normal.
for stuff like that
well i have no clue about murika
AtlasB we dont need u yet
go back to minecraft
I'm under 35, and there's no trisomy disorders in either of our families.
better ask a murican jew that showed to be intelligent
Yah amnios are painful, not trivial...ah thats good.
you're asking her if you think she thinks obama is smart
you know the answer
yeah
we can form opinions on our own without bugging her
Everything I've read seems to indicate that they don't do them unless your other tests turn up any abnormalities.
lol
Since there's a risk of miscarriage involved.
bugging me
bzzzzzz
ok guys
I don't have a lot of family history for I'm interesting in a lot of test lol
im assuming you're hardcore minecrafting AtlasB. Getting them rupees
howso?
i'm so sad for vamp
minecraft doesnt have rupees you dummy
that's zelda
who would you trust with giving a million pounds to hold, Obama, or Trump?
Right right. BTW how did you find out you had high T?
i justi just finished working out
My mom was adopted and there's no father in the picture 
I feel like a surgeon who killed someone on an operating table
trump would spend it without telling you
https://www.facebook.com/JaanAryaa/videos/10153598689135682/
I was never tested, just my own observations. Jawline acne, and I build muscle easier than any woman has any business doing :p
That was a guess off of the finger thing and my high sex drive, I don't think I actually have it
if anyone want a punch to the ovaries
atlas you can tell me who whisper is privately, or i might spend the next 10 days trying to find his identity
i'm a hopeless gossip whore
i think they're both equally trustworthy if the question is "who's gonna spend it"
its whisper
i cant believe you trust this guy
hes squirmy af
watch the documentary
urgh. This, I have to say, is what I'm most excited about.
Seeing bf with his baby.
cant believe you guys defend this guy
https://www.reddit.com/user/whisper
whos that
Dawwwww
I wouldn't say anyone's necessarily defending him
most people in here do support trump though
He's such a dude.
Secretly cuddly, but externally very dude :p
i just like how he makes sjws squirm
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5poh4
that's about it
AtlasB: ^
lo_andbehold I got the finger thing too :)
fuk sake
grizzly mama: http://abcnews.go.com/US/mom-fights-off-armed-carjackers-florida-gas-station/story?id=36400009
hmm
lifterofthings: you did he's super pumped which is great
which finger is supposed to be longer if you were exposed to more T in utero?
sigh
I always wonder why people think RPW are just men pretending to be women...RPW isn't all that great for men. Like if I was going to make up a group of chicks to compliment TRP, it wouldn't be RPW
another we-dont-get-the-meta line of comments drok
Hello!
*complement
http://imgur.com/gallery/XeslHyj
im goin bed
Hi pixiedelights we're all knocked up. Now you're all caught up
my jimmies are too rustled
Ha! COngrats all!
Hey, I might not be!
bye man
Tune in Friday night to find out
good riddance x
What you'd be looking for is a plate school.
goodnight jack
o_0
take care
xox
The ring finger is supposed to be long lifter
Does that ping you?
#trumpfreezone
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/naturally-selected/201205/what-do-your-fingers-tell lifterofthings
eh?
Jack4ss your ok
Huh! I have one masculine hand, and one hand where my ring and pointer are the same length
you're ok lol
lol
i like you to moldy
i hate myself now
cause i wrote your instead of you're
come lets talk it out in pm
https://np.reddit.com/r/fPUA/comments/1e9fz1/attracting_alphas_why_do_men_hate_us/
this is perversely ironic
pixiedelights: lo_andbehold is a bit late but has an IUD (so statically very unlikely...which doesn't mean 0)
moldy lol
she says men hate women because women aren't feminine
Yeah, living proof right here
Extra T = gainz city
but that's like 2% of TRP hate, max
That's a plus haha
Hey .... o, that's from 2 years ago
And my very first link to fPUA
?? r u FL
more evidence for the 9th planet
yay
this is so exciting
ahhh... 
please don't make me nervous about my IUD :S
which type pixiedelights 
Paraguard
Haha they're very very good...more effective than tubal ligations
Too late
Join the club 
Too late
men hate women b/c of women like her, who'll disenbowel themselves for an alpha, esp. one of higher smv
pluto was renamed a planet though
disembowel*
so it'd be 10th
they complain about hypergamy day and not how does she not get this
heh
Pluto's never not been a planet
and I'm sticking to that
>:(
it should not be a planet
I will guess everything is good here, at least this month. I got it in Nov, and I am still in the "bleed like a butchered pig" phase. 
im on the darkside
Pluto killer!
best it the blooper thread
https://np.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/1eahxw/why_do_misogynists_hate_women_well_look_at_how/
we are so smart and female bloopies
bloopa hoopa!
Make sure to check the string length/location (while squatting) after each period. Expulsion risk is high in first 6mo.
That lasted 8-10 months for me, but it's been 6-7 years of smooth sailing until now
Oh, did not do that. Will definitely do that! Thanks for the heads up. 
18:08:06 <bardolatta> men hate women b/c of women like her, who'll disenbowel themselves for an alpha, esp. one of higher smv
bardolatta++
Someone made a good point in the semi-recent BC thread that different women have varying reactions to paragard
is she doing this to impress whisper
http://therev3.blogspot.gr/2016/01/the-abortion-post.html
it just doesn't feel authentic
hm
Hopefully your doctor pointed that fact (different reactions of different women) to you
btw bardolatta we might not be able to find a 4th person
you should come regardless
for what?
for a PPD meetup
I've got Paragard and am just thankful to have a regular period which I didn't have before it
what all PPD meetups have there been yall
hm
is the bay area the coolest so far?
SN, I'm in the south bay
hey Frensel
where would the meetup be
DG69: where are you from?
Yeah mine was pretty irregular (many panics over the years) He said it would probably level that out, but for the first 6 months I might have heavy bleeding, although I may should have asked what "heavy" meant. 
I still think it's the Cadillac of BC. Its the only reversible non hormonal one.
east bay? SF? SV?
i'm from SV
doesn't fleetingwish realize that men hate these masochistic groupies the most
So the first month I did call him in panic.
Agreed
That's a good way to put it, LandBeforeThyme 
brb
What is sv
sorry silicon valley
Heavy bleeding sucks, pixiedelights (I have it, too) .____.;
LandBeforeThyme: are they going to remove the IUD or leave it in?
I'm east bay
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41wx1r/how_effective_would_this_dating_strategy_be_for_a/cz5wbf6?context=3
if she's going to zing me I can dish it right back
They have to remove it
i totally get why women hate male feminists now
hm?
why?
katsumii, it seemed better this month than the last, so that was nice. Also did better at handling it than the other times. going from light/irregular to heavy/regular reguired a bit of an adjustment. 
witzie: I did research (eg panic reading Web MD) and let my doc guide me. We spoke Tuesday. They ordered blood work then, I saw him today. He showed me a study where they left the IUD in and it increased the risk of preterm birth. So the standard is to remove them now.
interesting
probably risks either way but I'm glad they have up to date info now
i dunno there's something repulsive about FW almost mindlessly regurgitating RP lingo
witzie, you're kelIy C?
yeah katsumii_ 
feels zombie-ish
i forgot how fucking amazing cardio feels
Ooooh ^_^
its like my brain reset
Heck yeah, Sunhappy!
I got a ping and was confused. 
i can feel the addiction coming back
You go from 20% miscarriage rate to 25% with removal. Mine was normally positioned, not free floating or anything unusual
I think his strategy makes sense
You'd wanna get a woman when she's a 5
Build emotional comnection
who's fw?
http://rhrealitycheck.org/article/2012/12/03/pregnant-with-an-iud/
Ah, pixie. :3  Good!
18:17:16 <DG69> I'm east bay
typical
my ex tried that. he found a cute girl (me) and then dreaded me into trying to be a 7
i think it worked
all the females are east bay
sample size of 2 so far
https://www.reddit.com/user/FleetingWish / brb 15min
since breakup, i've probably dropped in smv again but oh well
but it comports with demographics
i think that's common
Well I am a female
hmmm
Who's the other, madsci?
yeah
she lived in ghetto oakland
I'm sort of amazed at how cavalier she was about an abortion, in the article
hmm
yeah
"When I put down the phone Im hit with a wave of relief. This all seems much more manageable now. Something went wrong, but now there are steps to fix it. Yes, Im pregnant, but its a temporary state."
Doing another meetup
?
SF? San Mateo? Fremont?
take your picks
parking in SF is a bitch but it might be the closest to meeting halfway
we could all bart in
that is what I and madscilove did for our last meetup
I'll go anywhere the Bart goes
I can see how it can be a relief if pregnancy/motherhood scares you even more than getting an abortion does
ah no car?
Nope
Le BART
I am very pissed and very angry to have my type A personality robbed of arguably the biggest decision and timing of my life.
okay bardolatta choose a bart station
actually wait
But it's very foolish to live with the mindset that intercourse is without risk
I can understand that feeling landbeforethyme 
so wrt bart stations
The Counter in Walnut Creek is accessible via BART
I made this happen. In fact, I was a willing participant! When people excuse their actions...makes my blood boil
but would be a bit of a drive for me and bardolatta 
So true
Everyone has different feelings about those actions thought
*though
oooh the fremont bart is right next to the counter too
For some people getting an abortion is the responsible thing, while others can be responsible enough to accommodate a new life 
bardolatta: how would Fremont work for you
?
i'm deciding on Fremont unless bardolatta vetoes
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xki7/is_hypergamy_a_myth_originated_from_wildly/cz614sl
Night all. lo_andbehold...hope whatever the outcome is, hub is supportive
whoa: https://www.reddit.com/user/prettydrunk23
Good night, LandBeforeThyme
DG69 3 times as awesome as this girl
*is
Good night! I'm sure he will be
precisely 3 times as awesome
wb bardolatta
gah
.context
okay bardolatta what do you think of meeting in Fremont?

never really been there
i mean distance is not an issue
okay then it is decided
but I've been to milpitas alot
fremont is more suburby
there's a nice mall fwiw
ok
DG69 doesn't have a car so we're doing BART-accessible stuff
you guys are meeting up?
yup drok
of course the fact that she doesn't have a car could be a blessing
if I wanted to murder her I'd have an excuse to get her into my car
Lol never noticed that in their name
hey DG69 do SerNemesis a favor take his virginity kthx
Am I not just three times as drunk
lol SMS
yes you are DG69 
I'm going to rape you SerNemesis 
three times everything
haha
fuck
Slip you a roofie
And a viagra
is getting raped by a girl shameful or boastworthy for a man
?
btoh
*both
depends on the SMV of the woman.
like "you're so unmanly a girl could rape you"
hey SerNemesis  
or "you're so hot a girl wanted to rape you"
go tell your asianmasculinity peeps 
hi witzie
Haha
if you want to be a cool nerd
act like this
https://www.facebook.com/ChaosChytistOfficial/videos/10154040309854396/
ok I got it - the point of feminism is to fulfill the feminine imperative - but a lot of male feminists don't want to sleep with ugly girls, just use their "feminism" as an excuse to hit on hot feminists
what black nerds are like 
compare that to asians roflol
lol they're so nerdy
just happen to be doing rap
no this is a black nerd https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e0/Steve_Urkel.jpg
SexyMcSexington++
those are black guys in suits
lol
Those guys are super cute!
I once had a black nerd
"Too bad the girls will still choose the gang banging, syrup drinking, pill poppin rappers over y'all." dat red pill trufth
they are good looking yeah
and the suits dont hurt
18:48:17 <SexyMcSexington> "Too bad the girls will still choose the gang banging, syrup drinking, pill poppin rappers over y'all." dat red pill trufth
and by that i mean SMV +2
yeah lol
they're definitely two nerdy for most black girls
*too
her SerNemesis want Go? 
hey*
sorry tired today
Go?
fiat or DG69 play him
filozof seems to be afk
maybe i'll minecraft instead
i forgot does Lonny_Z play?
Mmmm suits
whoa the SOHR is claiming Russia killed 893 ISIS fighters Frensel compared to 1141 non-ISIS rebels
so much for Russia not attacking ISIS
yeah I read that claim in some nyt article
felt weird
did you hear about the us airbase in rojava
yeah
this is hilarious: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/12108971/Syria-peace-talks-on-point-of-collapse-over-Kurds.html
No he cannot SerNemesis 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xtdf/what_percentage_of_the_opposite_sex_that_you_come/cz61mm8 Lol what the heck
he should learn to play Lonny_Z 
wtf
is CWM 12?
And drunk?
nobody uses that division symbol except moronic grade school math teachers
Haha yeah
Looool
lifterofthings check modmail
He's gotta be drunk there... 
hello ElfFey are you an rpw?
hello room
yes
this is my reddit name
lol witzie those aren't nerds, those are black guys in suits
welcome! can you please PM me from reddit, my username is Camille11325
Hi, ElfFey
reading rommel makes me want to ride around in a tank batallion in syria
surprising motherfuckers
hello how are you :)
<Lonny_Z> lol witzie those aren't nerds, those are black guys in suits
camille i sent it for you
hahaha, for real
It's actually so sad how war pretty much reverted back to the static variety with the germans vanquished 
I'm good, thanks! How are you?
ladies, serious question
i'm watching mob wives lol
perfect thank you ElfFey 
if you introduced your man to your girlfriends and one of them gave him a hug and said "you smell delicious", how would you take it?
I'm all right ^_^ just came in to see what is up
like whatever? or consider it crossing a line?
sunhappy this is a good questoin
Oh I don't know, I guess it depends on the girlfriend .... Lol
heya
id kill her
Like, I have a couple of very outgoing friends
one of the ladies was so....offended by this gesture, they got into an actual fight
They'll do that to anybody, the two girls I have in mind
really WingN ?
you think it's crossing a line?
because when was the last time there were two sides with evenly matched tanks
The girls I know who would not do that, yes, I'd be protective of my BF and maybe defensive
it is crossing a line but id make a joke or comment that asserts my status 
its always like freaking abrams and challengers vs some poor t-72s and su-100 crap
10:04 PM <Sunhappy> if you introduced your man to your girlfriends and one of them gave him a hug and said "you smell delicious", how would you take it?
not my friend anymore
it depends on the context, who said it, the tone, is he wearing a new cologne, etc
so its not mobile warfare anymore, its political attrition warfare
none of that makes it an okay thing to say it just determines my response and how i view the girl in the future
Yeah, like, did he just eat a banana muffin? or blueberry muffin or whatever, lol, is the good-smelling scent still on him
i'm trying to find a clip of the actual thing
well, the gulf war is probably a good example of mobile warfare 
i think we can all agree it depends a lot on the situation with the girl and your SO, her personality, what he's wearing, etc.
But for me the question is really, what do you do when another woman is subtly hitting on your man
quick and relatively low casualties on both sides
but this is the fallout
haha right katsumii_ if the emphasis is legitimately on the smell then i would respond differently than if shes just hitting on him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=os-05jcFjoo
the girl who said "delicious" was just drunk. they were all drinking and stuff
she was calling htem sluts throughout the night, as a term of "endearment"
so renee's bf came by and said girl gave him a hug and said "you smell delicious"
Oh my
but it wasn't anything like the blitzkreig on france 
Good point, ElfFey, yes
ElfFey: well what you would do if your FRIEND is subtly hitting on your guy?
blitzkrieg in france was an inferior army with better doctrine so it was better matched
i cant handle this Sunhappy 
gulf war was just a steamroll
i had a friend do that once and we eventually stopped speaking for 10 months
what camille?
this has to be scripted 
Is she down for a threesome? hahahaha 
their personalities 
i think the fight wasn't scripted. these ladies are just white ghetto chicks, in my view
It's reality TV, if it isn't scripted, it's heavily edited and manipulated 
maybe 1 american tank took combat damage from the iraqis
^ This
also unlike in ww2 there were no stakes 
the stakes were some shitty oil monarchies
but if it is scripted, it still raised an interesting question for me lol
That's what people need to realize about any "reality" programming 
about mateguarding
well yeah of course lo_andbehold but i mean that i think this specific incident was something they were pushed to do not just their natural selves 
what is rpw opinion on mateguarding?
Totally, Sunhappy
They ply these people with alcohol
if the us had significant losses it'd probably have been called vietnam
And choose personality types that clash
i've seen posts on trp that seem to say men should not mate guard
to be vietnam you have to stay in for a long time and lose 
Sunhappy different women have different styles of mate guarding, like WingN's response is way different than mine
You mean like step in and tell a bitch to back off?
but they are both examples of mate guarding
What are the examples?
id never talk to her again for one
the lady who was going nuts said in the "reunion" that she relapsed before this scene
oh lol
sheed be dead to me
Friend would be cut off in my case.
ElfFey mate guarding is great when it comes from a place of protecting what you own (men guarding women) 
She'd have to fuckin' go.
its not great when its desperate or from a place of insecurity
yeah
WingN id just make a joke (as in cutting remark at her expense) to lower her status and reassert mine since im not one for fights or anything but how i deal w/ her after the fact depends on teh context like i said earlier
camille thanks, i always thought that, so i am confused about those posts that imply men shouldnt. here we have this question about women mateguarding men though...
i couldn't tell which that was in regards to "delicious"
because most of those guys mateguard from the place of insecurity ElfFey and they dont think of their women as their own 
that's so ridiculous
that's probably the classiest way to handle it
idk if i'd fight a woman lol over a few words
I feel very secure in my relationship, so I don't think I'd feel as threatened, but I don't know, it's different when it happens. She'd have to be his type? 
its not about feeling threatened
i would take it as a challenge no matter what personally
there are still boundaries that other women should not cross with *your* man 
tfw a musician you like is all up on twitter with SJW bullshit
american foreign policy is such a mess
Similarly here, lo_andbehold, my hamster would spin if I thought she is his type ._.;
we've killed millions indirectly
If it were a one-time comment, I'd be less bothered. If it was a continuous subtle current of flirting, though, I'm privy to commit murder (no more of that friendship).
im not the jealous or insecure type but im definitely territorial if that distinction makes sense
.context
Lonny_Z: its like finding out your friend is a hippie-communist-freelover
camille makes sense to me.
It makes sense, Camille
I know when I was dating C, I'd stick a lot closer when he was chatting with certain women that I just didn't like immediately.
"the art of concentrating its strength at one point, forcing a break-through, rolling up and securing the flanks on either side, and then penetrating like lightning, before the enemy has had time to react, deep into his rear" - hasn't been done since ww2, I suspect because only the germans were really comfortable with it. the soviets were forced to follow the lead, but never had the love for mobile warfare of the german 
generals
my friend once came around my now ex and wore a super V cut shirt and asked him for a massage
and she made like "uhhhh, sooooo goooood" like in my face
we might have seen it in a soviet invasion of western europe though
Whoa. o_o
looking back, omg. whyyyyyy did i not next him
you let het get a massage?????
i was very very dumb at that age camille
and just happy i had a bf
but after that, i felt super betrayed by said friend cuz she encouraged us to date
so while we have reconciled, i'll never trust her around any man i ever bring around ever again. ever.
wouldn't it be sick if it happened to turkey? one can only dream 
wth
they just didn't need to
something similar happened to my best friend when we were in high school
hi everyone 
you only have to spearhead against a significant opponent defense
Hey, Amelia :)
detonators?
thinking back, it was like she was "mate guarding" her beta orbiters
me and another girlfriend were at her house trying on clothes she was giving away, her bf (they are now married) came over and the friend went down to say hi to him in her bra
omg
hah
how did she react?
Wow, ElfFey :s
my old roommate said her previous roommate would walk around in bra and thong whenever my roommate had male company over 
Sheesh
mate guarding beta orbiters! i love it
it's better if there is no defense, then you just skip to the second part 
she talked to her straight up, what are you doing? put on a shirt! lol
Right on, Elf
women think the guys want them for htat
but they just call them sluts behind their back
or to their faces. 
I guess if there's no defense to speak of you could call it the gulf war lol 
yep 
maybe they don't care haha
some slutty girls think they are empowered by it 
Exactly Amelia 
my friend would hook up wiht all her beta orbiters and then friend their gfs
i think amelia is right
not thinking they'd all talk
and call her a slut. once they figured out that she slept with them all, they all ceased communication with her
:\ :(
"they just didn't need to" - well the syrians could use a nazi field marshal I am pretty sure
the point of a spearhead is to concentrate so much firepower onto a localized zone the enemy is forced to break
and the americans could have used one in nam 
then you dash in and go wreck their shit behind their lines
so naturally, she had to make new friends lol. to sloot with. then she got engaged to the first guy who wanted to relaly date her after 3 weeks. mess
but if you can break through anyway without concentrating
well, first you roll up the resistance on the flanks 
you do that instead, so you can sweep and clear
anyway, my point. that exp really made it hard for me to feel like if you have a quality guy, women may try to sabotage
a lot of the slutty girls i knew in undergrad are engaged/married/in serious relationships now 
besides dont think the americans didn't learn from rommel
the lines of resistance would have formed in vietnam if they pushed north enough 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41wohs/me_26f_with_my_husband_32m_of_2_years_his_fetish/
i pity the suckers with fetishes
i have none
yeah :(
well, the extro slutty girls
Can i ask why does that make you have the :( face sunhappy?
yes you do you just haven't found them yet
the intro slutty girls are still single
i have no idea what to say to that link
nope
ouch!
ElfFey: because i'd like to be married too. i'm at that age
Maybe their SOs don't care, assuming they've been honest 
where all my facebook friends lol are engaged/married/having babies
the feet thing is so mainstream now on the web, i expect it to be completely normal in 2-3 years
my bff J has been to like 5 weddings in 2 years
i dont think their SOs care 
i dont like this story :x
me either
idk why we're still friends
lol
sometimes, when i think back
now she's emotionally cheating on her current bf again and has beta orbiters in their 40s. R wants to meet her and tell her to stop her sloot ways before trapping a man lol
wow 
who is R?
my bf <3
<3
he's lovely!
im happy for you
thanks :D
are you seeing anyone?
i was never boy crazy as a teenager, now i am really feeling it
how old are you?
no :'( I think i am inadvertently in monk mode
i was never boy crazy until i met my boyfriend haha 
im 23
lol
good age
im 23 too 
i'm 27
getting up there
23's a good age, yeah.
when did you meet him?
last october. he made me blush :3
Aww =)
i think everything has shifted a bit older so ill be okay XD that's what i tell myself
it's more than feet right now, which i consider one of the great injustices of our time
oh cute!
I got married at 23
so lucky
Anal is absolutely mainstream
Feet is also mainstream.
Aw, lo_andbehold :)
<3
It was really unexpected! I didn't think I'd meet someone for me
Sunhappy I wonder if you can relate to this: I'm the only married woman in my family
hmm
how did you meet? and sunhappy too :)
really lo_andbehold? 
i'm the only person in my family who ever dated
not when people are making r/sex threads about it
Black women's marriage rates are the lowest of any race
i have a few cousins who are married but they're very christian. 
i mean blowjob mainstream mainstream
Wut
lol Amelia ive been boy crazy since preschool
How does that logic work
almost all of my family members are married, even the non-religious norwegians 
Omg, I was then, too, Camille.
We met at a bartending job 
ElfFey: i met my beau on okcupid. we officially discussed the start date, so he decided on Oct 1. lol. when we first chatted
so we're 3.5 months in
lol camille! i totally was not interested for so long people thought i was asexual or something 
ive had bfs every year of my life except for 3rd grade katsumii_ haha
wow
I went though a time of "boys have cooties," though. I was trying to be modest, though. It was in middle school.
camille is also like
haha aww katsumii_ 
Why do people love feet
the patron saint of femininity in chat lol. 
and high smv. so i get it
my current boyfriend is my first boyfriend 
I feel bad for that pregnant lady
I am so frustrated with this questionm
Why do people love anything
I turned down some boys I regretted turning down, lol
aww Amelia!
aww katsumii_!
xD
architect++
lol
Feet actually make a lot more sense than a lot of other things
Like clowns
i dated previously but was never that interested in anyone 
lol, not dating in middle school is probably for the best
i was a loser until 24
That's okay, I didn't really have a *real* boyfriend that I met with regularly until I was 18.
anyone skype?
like legitimately. 
dragoness: nice ppd post btw!
i was a bad tease :/ and totally had a lot of orbiters 
I mean, not everything has no reason
I can definitely see a girl with nice hands or feet and go "she has nice hands and feet"
Omg that OP bardolatta. Am so glad that like 90% of those threads are probably made up
what is wrong with that amelia?
I had a ton of orbiters.
what's it like having orbiters?
it's annoying
like, men want anal because they want to be first somewhere
just a lot of male friends?
Well, I used to think it was just a lot of male friends.
i legit do not have in person guy friends i just hang out with solo
Then I realized the truth.
What aZombieKitten said ....
it's sad looking back because the guys were so desperate 
hmm
like one mailed me gifts and stuff 
I only have 2 actual male friends, and both of them are in LTRs (one is engaged).
feet aren't nearly as mainstream as anal
interesting aZombieKitten 
another question then! if you are friends with a guy, and then he meets someone and marries her
They aren't the same thing
one of my best friends is a guy but he's gay 
would you still want to meet with him one on one like before?
I generally don't meet with my male friends one on one anyway.
double dates!! 
.context
i grew up with many male friends, and continued to have them as i got older, but now i see there are many problems with it
my friend J met a guy at work. they're friends. platonic. but he got married recently and so now he, she and his wife all hang out as a group
and my friend is annoyed
Feet are just a body part
most of my guy friends in high school ended up dating my girl friends lol 
everyone should see aZombieKitten's feet
says "well, i knew him before her. we should be able to just hang out"
Analogy is sex
Anal
Yeah, that's not how things work. lol
This is the link madscilove https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41wohs/me_26f_with_my_husband_32m_of_2_years_his_fetish/
lonny how did you see her feet
Yikes.
so now they don't really hang out
lol. yeah
 I have a few male friends, two really close ones    It depends on what our relationship was like before and my relationship with her
no, i would be uncomfortable with that, if i were the wife. i would be nervous about her if she felt territorial over him.
Hey, madscilove
Dang it, I get pinged for my feet.
hi katsumii_
:)
cuz i guess the wife was annoyed his old coworker 1.5 hours away wanted to get coffee without her there
Nobody believed I had really small feet, so I used a soda can for scale.
I asked for a pic of her feet
my friend said she shouldn't be jealous cuz she doesn't want him
thanks buartha!
it's not like the wife can know that
though
but the wife doesnt now that 
*know 
My one male friend has a gf who is insanely jealous of him and any female friends he has
lo_andbehold: she knew both of them before they married but she was friends with the guy, not his wife
It's insane
it just kind of looks bad when attached people go out one on one with friends of the opposite sex, imo
lol "Lonny asked for a pic of my feet compared to a soda can and I used a plastic bottle. I totally fell for it"
JK
like, getting drinks or something
It's long distance, she's moving here soon though. In the mean time, she expects to be able to check the location on his phone
idk. after my silly lunch with a male friend while dating R, i just full stop won't do it anymore
I was just joking and being weird
R was fine with it, but *I* felt guilty about it.
Sunhappy: that's how I get!
i  can see how it's inappropriate
My ex vetted any male friends I had.
And this guy is just not attractive to me or our other mutual female friend 
Overweight, a little femme. Very funny, but just not my type
That's why I was okayed to keep the two I have.
i'm meeting my super feminist friend tomorrow for dinner. she's gonna think i'm high
RPW has made me realize the beta orbiters, and I've learned proper behavior around men and really not to lead them on (!) and that I don't need any guy friends.
i think these are all good strategies
im okay with my boyfriends female friends, he's known them forever so i figure he would have made a move by now 
but I think just as hands signify an ultimately handsome guy, feet do to women
it's not even just about beta orbiters or leading them on
it's how your represent your relationship to others
signify a cute girl
Yeah.
what taken woman acts available to other men?
dinners? drinks? you're making time for another man
it's just not appropriate. 
its not really right
True
I don't think so, I think it makes sense to sexualize all aspects of a female's body
the thing with beta orbiters is also that it's a bit manipulative, even if you're single 
some dudes like legs
so when my friend has dinner wiht her 40 year old friend at 1am
friendship be damned
it's just not polite behaviour 
some dudes like tits
it's rude to your bf
lol
buartha: that link... I don't evenknow what to say
some dudes like specifically shaped calves
clavicles
some dudes like feet
it's whatever to me
I didn't mean realize, I meant recognize
i don't ever want to embarrass R as his gf. it's being ever mindful
when I was in art school, they make you draw tons of people's hands and feet
I get why people would find them arrousing
Totally, that's right
so looking nice, speaking well of him
not talking to other guys, etc
what was other people's reactions to that link?
On the plus side, her anger and disgust towards him might give her the energy to push super hard
can i ask you ladies something?
 pity the suckers with fetishes 10:24:08 PM bardolatta  i have none
sure :D
if anyone likes the movie deliverance
i found one of my fav emoviens on youtube
full film
its nto delivierance
I wouldn't blame her for not wanting him in the room for the birth. Or the hospital. Or the continent
its similar themes
okay, im having a bit of a dilemma, and i want the rpw perspective :)
I don't think it's even that bad if he had told me about it before I got pregnant
She should have a caesarian just to spite him
Like "guess what I actually think it's really hot that you're going to be pregnant and give birth"
My husband is okay with my male friends and me hanging out with them one on one. He trusts me, and I deeply value that
I had a male friend cut me off after he got a new gf
I had a male friend cut me off after he got a new gf. I was deeply saddened with his eventual suicide because I feel like I lost time with him before he was even dead. 
Beforehand
ew
So, his fetish is watching women squeeze out their vaginas?
omg lo_andbehold im so sorry
that's not THAT bad
I would be really uncomfortable with that fetish
and I'm not really uncomfortable with most things
But now I'd be wondering like, did he only get me pregnant for this?
Whoa, I'm sorry to hear
It's just another perspective to bring to things
Does he even want this kid?
that brings a whole other perspective
that would be the major issue fo rme
guys this is probably fake
not the fetish itself
it's not fake
I was using it a segue into feet
I'll try and help with advice even though my connection sucks!
people are just weird
feet is whatever, people can like feet if they want
personally i always advocate not having opposite sex friends, but your story gives another side...
lonny good movie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMgpFpNyOc4
DG69: would anything make you uncomfortable?
Well, we had been friends since high school, and it's more accepted to have mixed gender friends then
not really 
Sure probably
Poop
i dont think that you should try to hold on to friends just because they might end up killing themselves or getting in an accident or some other thing
Unless she's a masochist and they'd discussed it before I think it's totally fair for her to be upset that he's going to get off on what could be one of the most painful and vulnerable moments of her life
camille you don't think so?
yeah that can be super toxic
it sucks that he committed suicide lo_andbehold and obviously youre going to have an emotional response to that
hm
and emotionally abusive, from my experience
no ElfFey if its soemone you shouldnt be friends with then you should stop being friends with them
^
that is the part that would bother me
but i get why it's hard to walk away or lose contact
if its someone who wants to stop being friends with you for whatver reason tehn let them go
he got a gf, he cut ties with female friends
Yeah that sucks
i see
Poop bothers you?
that makes sense and was the right thing to do for him
no the sadism
for whatever reason
I saw this on an episode of whitney
poop bothers me too actually
I don't like thinking about it
or talking about it
her bf got hard when she was crying
just like getting a bf or getting married would be a great reason for a woman to stop hanging out with single men/men one on one
if those men end up killing themselves it doesnt mean she was wrong to stop talking to them
the two things arent related 
crying about what?
Isn't Whitney the reality show spin off of The Hills
i loved that show, it was canceled
i forgot
I thought poop was natural
Everybody poops
you can be sad that you didnt get to spend time with them before they died
not this guy dragoness 
not around me they dont
drok: 
That's another bad one, then he'll always be trying to make her cry :(
lolol
btu that doesnt really offer any perspective on what other women should do in the future imo
AtlasB++
other than cherish the relationships they have while they have them
there's a difference between thinking it's hot when someone's eyes start watering/they start crying a bit during sex things
Iirc the crying thing isn't uncommon
and actually getting off to them crying out of sadness
as long as my partner can differentiate, I don't care
 <@madscilove> dragoness: nice ppd post btw!
aw, ty!
according to my garmin vivo and myfitnesspal ive netted 402 calories today
<Architect> not this guy dragoness 
how can i be fat
huh?
that wasn't for you dragoness 
the world doesn't revolve around you k?
K?
K!?!?!?
hahahaha
There was a study on it I read a while back, I'll find it when I cba
my name rings bells in these streets 
Weight loss is weird and surprisingly non-linear.
AtlasB: 402 calories down or 402 calories intake?
net
wut
i ate 1079 call
oh
burned over 600 exercising
that's pretty good
yes. it's not friends' jobs to make sure that other humans don't kill themselves
wish I could live on 1080 calories
you know what
i switched to a high protein breakfast
how do I auth and shit
idk so much of romance fiction e.g. twilight is like two guys risking their neck for the heroine
and lost my appetite
sometimes one of the mdies
Well, -500/day leads to 1lb of weight loss/week.
yes th elove triangle
th elove triangle is only found in womens fiction
like I feel women should give men some leeway on sadism
I'm mixed on that ... I'm all for supporting my friends to stay alive
the love triangle is primordial
Coffee kills my appetite. :D
he cut her off though 
my tdee today has been 2300+ so far
cutting off male friends has nothing to do with their suicidal status
Yeah. Sorry, I get what madscilove means, though
most do liekly bardo
and relates back to the Real/Imaginary love triangle between the son, the (m)other and the (name of the) father
one of my best friends was self-harming and suicidal for several years. there's really nothing you can do for them that isn't enabling
there's a story about coisma wagner, some guy proposed to her and said he'd drown in a lake if she refused
she's like, "do it" and he did, and died
at a certain point, you need to let them find their own strength
Idk, I feel like I could have tried harder to maintain a friendship through group settings or double dating
right madscilove its not your responsibility to carry their mental health issues
Nietzsche loved Cosima
and call the cops if you're concerned for their immenent safety
who he also saw as a mother figure so
lo_andbehold he cut you off, that was his choice
right madscilove 
as someone who was suffering from depression/anxiety once, it's not fair to friends to lay that burden on them
fuck
cuz ultimately they can't help you beyond just being there. it's just a lot for someone to take 
I need to get my shit right
the question of male/female friendships has nothing to do with suicide or mental health issues
and stop eating at night
if you and/or your partner has an issue w/ opposite sex friends then you cut them off end of story
ElfFey did i miss the question i saw you said you had on
e
 <bardolatta> like I feel women should give men some leeway on sadism
oh, no i was enjoying the debate lol
there's not really much "should" in what you find attractive in a partner
A bit of leeway is a world away from being okay with your SO getting off on you giving birth. Partner is a sadist and am grand with that, but if he got off on the idea of me undergoing major surgery or something I'd want him to stay the fuck away from the hospital while I was recovering
my question is about career woman versus having a career, i guess, since that's where i am in life and im really struggling over it.
yeah of course
that's patrick bateman territory
what's your industry?
most rpw have careers but prioritize their relationship and family 
careers change. family is expected to be there first and foremost, through the career changes. that's how i see it
i graduated college a bit ago but havent started a career. i was just working a job unrelated to what i want to do. now im applying to be a reporter, editor or work at a marketing/media company and im really struggling with this because im afraid it hurts my chances at finding a mate
so i don't advise any woman to put her career over her family and her priorities
ElfFey: it won't hurt your chances if you make an effort
i think women struggle career wise at that mid-level point
otoh i can't support myself, so i need to work. but i keep thinking, ill get set in my ways and want to stay single, or something :(
where they need to commit more time and energy to getting promoted, so they start to neglect the life part of their work/life balance
oh my god you guys, help please.
i dont think a man would see it as a negative if youre working while youre single, you have to eat and live! 
i am having the largest crisis since "surrendering" or whatever
What's up, cakeforallofyou?
my boss is 37 and doesn't make time to fuck her husband
ElfFey then dont get set in your ways :P
and she thinks that's okay. don't be my boss lol
this is ridiculous
okay
make an effort to date and be attractive etc
cakeforallofyou: ?
so my huscat brews beer
(sorry, context is required)
and express that you want a family and want to prioritize that 
AtlasB: is that normally high?
he bought a vintage fridge that he loves, and i think is lovely
maybe by going freelance and working more from home, etc 
cakeforallofyou we are giving advice to ElfFey right now
thanks sunhappy amelia and camille
2300 for a woman is pretty normal I think
ElfFey do you want to continue talking about this? any further questions or advice?
i want to help cakeforallofyou too if i can ^_^;
my friend is a reporter and she's insanely busy all the time but i think once you advance more it's easier 
my TDEE is 1500
thanks ElfFey .
i think i just need to suck it up and work and find a job lol
my BMR is around 1300
wow
it just feels kind of unnatural to me. i want to be married by now but im not. i think im just carrying some fear.
I don't know how you people eat food that's only 1300 calories worth
its 1850ish when i dont work out
that's like 1 subway sandwich
can I ask how old you are?
ElfFey: you can be cute and have a career. check out pinterest for ideas. remain feminine and available and it shouldn't be an issue. check out RPW sub for tips. there are threads on it
My TDEE is roughly 1400, BMR around 1150.
That's completely sedentary, though.
What are these letters?
basal metabolic rate
each meal is around 400 kcal
What excellent advice, Sunhappy :D
On an average day when I had classes, it was more like 1600 for my TDEE.
thank you sunhappy
my coffees around 200 kcal
agreed! maybe you'll meet your future husband at your job anyway 
how many calories your body needs to maintain weight
that is a good point too
then two 600 kcal meals
TDEE is total daily energy expenditure, iirc
BMR is how much you'd burn in a coma.
how many calories you burn in a ay
*day
ive been lonely so its hard to think that but you're right
Oh ok
with activities included
i'm working out now so i need more calories. so i ate about 1700 kcal today
although  my reporter friends gets a lot of creepy messages on her public facebook account hahah 
Even though I have a boyfriend, I'm concerned that my new salary job is going to consume me. I am prioritizing family and myself (not my career)  and us.
and burned 350
let's here cakeforallofyou
ElfFey how old are you?
23
BMR is very unreliable thoguh
i need to eat less :(
it's just so cold
Your coffee is 200 cal?
adn where are you working now?
yar
That's because we can't perfectly measure it.
i put heavy cream in my coffee
in general
thank you katsumii_ i like to hear from women who are already there
yum
sooooo good
Thus why a lot of us adjust based on weight loss/gain.
Oh female coffee
LOL
R mocks me all the time
i was working at a pet hospital but its not what i want to do, although it was great to be nurturing towards animals all day
"are you adding coffee to your creamer, babe?"
Mine's only like 35 cal. o_o
I just toss a creamer in mine. 25 cal
Sure thing, ElfFey
Creamer and sweetener.
I just drink it black
I'd like sugar in it, but meh. extra calories and it'll make me hungry
now i have a creamer in hte fridge just for meeee <3
As God intended
Too bitter for me to drink it black.
I can't eat at work, so I try to minimize hunger
coffee is a stimulant though
I met my husband at work
But it's a more casual industry
you'll burn more hoped up on coffeee
yep! and thank god for that
lol
And it makes you poop
i really think it's less industry and more priorities. 
also an appetite suppressant
I also eat less hopped up on coffee.
:D
i ate three italian sausages for dinner
yes
it was spaghetti night
i worked in govt relations. you can either let your job define you, or focus on your family
I eat around 1400 calories a day. It's not really I deliberate number, it's just the most I can stomach without feeling sick
PROTEEEIN
or rletaionship, whatever
I'm back to doing physical labor and I havent' been hungry at all lately
as long as you put forth the effort ElfFey switching jobs shouldnt ruin your chances of marraige
like i said i think i deal with a lot of fear but knowing ladies who prioritize family still work gives me hope
that's so backwards
agree, although i think some fields are definitely easier than others 
yep Amelia 
Johnsonville Italian Sausages?
true
see my appetite is impossible to sate
because my family is very small, and my mom for example never worked outside the home
that's my issue
I can always eat
I'll eat one meal and the thought of more food sounds sickening
no this yummy brand from fresh direct
i think it was organic
media relations doesn't seem too crazy. it's not like you're aiming for Edelman or APCO
i think
so i feel kind of at a loss of how to navigate. most women i know are single and working, or SAHM
fresh direct has great meat
my mom is a speech therapist and while my brother and i were young she worked in school so her hours were the same as ours 
thats a good way to do it
no it can be crazy long hours depending on what exactly youre doing Sunhappy 
and entry level stuff can mean you basically don thave a life b/c oure at the beck and call of your superiors
I have a few small meals a day.
well
but again it depends on the specific job you get
that's also true
yeah entry level media/reporting is pretty brutal 
Really, I've been skipping breakfast since I sleep in, so it's more like two 500-600 cal meals.
i think it would be crazy at first like amelia said
19:53:33 <@buartha> A bit of leeway is a world away from being okay with your SO getting off on you giving birth.
wtf
i am of the thought that by mid-level, you kind of are at a crossroads career wise
Have you tried keto or paleo?
waking up early leads to bigger calorie burns per day
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41wohs/me_26f_with_my_husband_32m_of_2_years_his_fetish/ SerNemesis 
it takes years to get to that poin tin the media world
if your entry level is hell, don't push for certain promotions
I meant casual more in the sense that some industries discourage dating between employees 
that's why I need to start not sleeping in
ill be happy to move to freelance at that time
or become a schoolteacher
SerNemesis> wtf
ikr
And you should eat breakfast
yeah it's good to think of all your options 
hm. yeah idk how media relations is
you definitely have a lot ot think about ElfFey! 
i know a few that did it, but they were at big firms
i know! :( i just like to hear that it won't hurt my chances to find a mate, to hear from rpw who are working outside the home
Skipping breakfast is how I do my IF.
aZombieKitten: I don't eat breakfast either
i love skipping breakfast
Oh ok
what my fat ass needs to do
I haven't eaten breakfast since I was 12
13
is stop ordering prime rib mac and cheese
for dinner
well you dont have a choice right now unless you want to be homeless hehe 
usually the thought of eating in the morning makes me feel nauseous. and even if it doesn't, it makes me hungry later
That sounds good
mac and cheese would have sooooo many calories
i only eat breakfast on weekends
lol
DROK
lmao
it's so good omg
well im a homemaker but there are a lot of ECs that work out of the home so use the search feature and pay attention to flairs
usdaprime5?
If I'm up early enough that I'm actually hungry, a cup of coffee usually fixe sit.
i mean it can perhaps be a bit of a turn on that she is giving birth to his child and going through all that for him
camille has my dream job :P
but being turned on by the process itself?
Damn I kind of want that
so i stopped eating at 9:30pm
both TempestTCup and _wingnut_ work outside the home in good careers 
all the other mods also work outside the home but none of us have children so that makes things different
....Mine too.... also, my dream personality _;
i usually go around ...... 16 hours between dinner and my next meal
^_^
<3 <3 <3
I basically fast for 12 hours at the minimum.
Oh you do IF too?
im also a homemaker but im not married so it's a little unusual i guess 
i'd love to be a homemaker if/when i have kids
i'm so over working
i thought i'd feel more fulfilled but i don't
I find it easier to restrict my eating window.
Fruit salad and wholewheat bread for breakfast is nice and wakes me up wheb I can stomach it
I love my field of work, but my fiance and I are opening a business together
I can't eat huge masses of food all at once without getting sick, so it helps me to not overeat.
Aw
same, i had a job i wanted sooo bad but i never felt as fulfilled as i should have 
so we'll get to be together while working crazy hours
Hey that's awesome, congrats, madscilove
i want to be a fancy pants homemaker
aZombieKitten: lez trade
and have a blog
thank you! it feels like a good solution to us 
Stomachs?
and make cute binders for my family
:( :( :(
i want to have a garden!! i cant wait to get started 
yus
it's planting time soon here
you can have endless appetite, ill have grossness when overeating
same
perfectly fair
I've known several successful husband/wife teams in business, really admirable IMO
my window is usually between 2-5
I'd be fat in that case.
i've just been so fat this winter
nah
hence the cardio i'm doing now
ElfFey have we helped?
I trust your character
:D
i think it would be so fun to have a business together
i hope to get down to 118 once it's warmer
yes! Thank you so much everyone!
I'm already chubby.
which is usually easy. 
my parents had a business together but i think it was too stressful in their situation 
i burned 500 cal in 40 minutes of advanced step aerobics
youre welcome :)
more cushion for the pushin
tonight
the dread of seeing girls running in yoga pants
cakeforallofyou whats up?
katsumii_: I used to work for a husband/wife duo in the same line of work, and they are open to kind of mentoring us and answering our questions
pushes me to new levels of motivation
Sunhappy: do advanced step aerobics
Yeah it's not all rainbows for everybody
haha
so he's bought this fridge, which looks to be from the 1950s, and wants to turn it into a kegerator (ie a fridge with taps in the door, for use with homebrewed beer). I am all for this plan, i know it'ssomething he's really interested in, and so i support it. he's just started drilling holes in the door for the taps to go in, and he's found some insulation that looks like it might be asbestos. This is NOT okay in my bo
ok and is really stressing me out, but he says he thinks it's some other insulation. But he's not *sure* and i am totally not okay with the risk of it being asbestos. He says he'll seal it up better anyway, but I'm still completely stressed out that it a) may be asbestos and has already let some particles out, or b) hasn't yet but will soon. I really don't think he's done enough research to be sure that it's safe, and 
I am panicking and not trusting him even though i should.
its too corny for her
lol
i would exhaust myself burning 1/3 of my daily kcals in a workout
i think it was the nature of their business though, they were sort of on call 24/7 
there is a girl who runs by my work
in under an hour
who's crazy fit
lol it just looks silly!!!
i'm sure it's super effective
he's a very intelligent man but i worry he's being headstrong in this
and so i am freaking out
like, a LOT
is there a way to test for abestos?
It's okay, don't freak out. You're not near the asbestos now are you? You're in another room?
do you have kids? could you express it as you're scared and want to test it somehow? 
if women dont think this looks fun anymore i dotn know what to say 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp22sPz_stw
and also he says he's going to seal it so he'll see it
thats what i did tonight
I want to join a Step team again, honestly.
that is scary but it sounds like he has it under control
i don't have kids, and there is theoretically a way to test it but he's not going to want to do that
it's hard to identify though
she has a nice butt
how do you know exactly how much he has studied/knows 
if you don't know exactly what it is
because i've asked
it's been like half an hour on google
and he has not expressed 100% certainty
why wouldnt he want to test it?
it's expensive and a hassle
insulation is the worse form of asbestos because it's very friable
lol hot women are light dread! I never thought about that Sunhappy.
what does the manufacturer say?
compared to tile or other forms
in terms of materials
when is he sealing it?
no info from the manufacturer, Sunhappy , i've tried
 they sometimes used very dangerous things for common purposes back in the day 
hm
Camille, not soon, the drilling takes ages
you did a great job today AtlasB 
is there a manufacturer number you could call?
so i'm really not okay with that interval
the video says so
no, madscilove 
well now i'm determined
and what is happening in the mean time?
have tried. manufacturer is long out of business
he is moving it out of the house?
I COVERED IT IN TAPE
i was watching my usual trash reality tv
no!
me and R are  getting ready to leave
i just put some tape over the holes
R looks at the tv and goes, very casually
okay well he knows how you feel yes?
he does
"oh, she's really cute"
.....
and he's not doing anything
did he want you to put tape on it?
my hamster....went....OFF
no he didn't care either way
have you asked why he isn't worried about it?
to who? A girl on TV in yoga pants?
like thinking what's cute about that bitch?
some white blonde girl size 0
he says he thinks it doesn't look like asbestos
but how would he know
wearing some bodycon dress
anyway
naturally
he did research
you dont trust that he knows 
but you dont know either
i don't, no
i was very omg, cuz he hasn't remarked on a cute girl since we've dated!!
bodycon++
so
it looks like loads of different stuff
and youre freaking out 
https://www.google.com.au/search?q=asbestos+friable&espv=2&biw=2073&bih=1044&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwic4uGmhbrKAhWBsZQKHYIsCuMQ_AUIBigB
that was the most dread i've had iwth him so far
http://www.beeradvocate.com/community/threads/antique-refrigerator-as-kegerator.6705/
dark or fuzzy or crystally
I can see why that would have set you off
witzie, exactly that
now i'm waking up early, doing makeup more, working out
lolol
stuff i should do anyway, but now i'm more motivated to do it and do it well
wow
oh sorry I thought you linked the same thing
that's actually pretty admirable
i'm freaking out
nvm 
I don't think most people would go that far
looks like there could be more conscientous ways of handling it
no, haha, just saying, same situation.
like out of the house
i'm a feeler. that hit me in the feels
and wet
more controlled environment
but you can't really wet it the way it is
i didn't mention this to him at all, cuz he's whtin his rights to check out girls
and we don't have a hpvac or whatever
has he made any comments regarding you yet?
he thinks i'm beautiful
that's not hte point :O
argh
okay i will just sit here and be stressed, fuck
lol, I mean like "your ass is looking better these days"
i need to trust him
you dont know what it is
and he knows more about this than you do
no lol
he says he will seal it
he doesn't know much more
i doubt a little exposure for now will harm you, even if it is asbestos 
meanwhile, some hoe is all up on twox going "WAH, MY BF SAID A GIRL ON TV IS CUTE"
"It won't kill you, if you are that worried about that little bit buy a respirator mask and wear it when you drill the hole. Something like this most auto part suppliers carry them it will cost you about $30"
you have already put tape on it
That's from the like witzie posted
Sunhappy: it'll come, I'm sure
it's sellotape Camille , it's hardly strong stuff
but i want to come out in april lookin FINE
cakeforallofyou why are you downplaying his knowledge? this is his hobby he knows more than you 
and tight and stuff
yeah, lo_andbehold , that's almost okay
he did research online 
he hadn't even thought of this possibility, he told me so
=/
i think that's weird Lonny_Z 
okay but now that he was presented with the reality, he looked into it
See, I just wouldn't feel comfortable with that
it's one thing to say "don't talk to other girls" or dancing, etc
i'm not
Camille, you're right, but i still feel really stressed
but men can't even look or state women are beautiful? that's silly
logically i know he's a careful man
beta programming tells me to not say things like "oh, she's really cute"
And I trust that if I expressed being uncomfortable to such a degree, my husband would do something about it. Can it be stored someplace else while he figures this out?
You can't know everything going into a project.
im not saying she has to feel comfortable im trying to come to a conclusion about how she should behave
you can't
Camille, you're right
i'm just
ugh
finding it really hard to trust that he's not caught up in the excitement of it
what helps me when i freak out is to remind myself of the facts because i get carried away
i know how much time and effort he's put into getting this fucking fridge
it sounds like you are caught up in your own excitement
and cleaning it and fitting out the inside
maybe
if by excitement you mean crippling fear
Can you go on a walk and calm yourself down?  
https://twitter.com/nachosarah/status/597459154823819264
R doesn't give a fuck about "social rules"
yes the dopamine rush from all the drama
I think anytime it gets to a place where you're restricting someone else's freedom unreasonably, it's weird
cakeforallofyou: can you do anything to help the situation right now? like, is there something you can physically do or say to make your problem go away?
walking is the best i love going on a walk it calms me down so much
a walk is a good idea
bardolatta: lol
he breaks rules as he feels like it
and gets me away from the CANCER DUST
if a little bit of the particles even were released they arent going to kill you right?
and then rationalizes it to death to me
XD
Same here.  It helps with the fight or flight instinct.
I don't grok vanity at all, if my SO wanted to read 50SOG to get excited I wouldn't care
there's no safe level, Camille 
R is Batman is what you're telling us
and i'm :| and he's :D :D
thats not what i said cakeforallofyou 
SWEAR TO ME
well, they may not kill me but they may give me a fairly horrible cancer
you should care
Just because it won't kill you right away doesn't mean it's safe 
if a little bit of asbestos particles get released into the air, WILL YOU DIE before he seals it
have you read 50 shades of gray?
it's terrible writing
no, not then
im sure a days worth of exposure is fine 
try not to panic too much 
maybe in a few years though
Have you any idea just how many things are proven to cause cancer?  
lo_andbehold again im trying to help her figure out how to behave
Ive been told it's horrific
also
embarassing
kittenkajira, i'm not being dramatic, it's a huge risk, it's not like "oh sugar gives you cancer"
but I don't get how you tell whether it's "grey" or "gray"
a lot of things are said to cause cancer but there isnt proof 
sometimes situations are unsafe or uncomfortable or unideal and we have to navigate them
asbestos is actually proven i think 
yeah even bacon causes cancer now supposedly
grey is the colour isn't it?
hugely.
no idea
lmao
interchangable maybe
focusing on the fact that they are unsafe isnt helpful when it comes to figuring out what to do
anyways, what about it?
you have no idea what the materia is
and if it is abestos, the risks right now are very low in terms of your health
^
are men just missing something when we're not threatened by boybands
I've worked in oncology.  So many things cause cancer, and yeah, asbestos is a big one, but it was also everywhere back then.
becuase your husband says he will seal it and you need to trust taht he will
Good luck, cakeforallofyou, hang in there.... I agree with Camille. Although this does sound scary, and I'd probably be scared, too, just do your best to have faith in your husband...
some dumb white college girl who can't use computers meets some rich 45 year old fat SAHM fantasy billionaire man
yeah i think its usually years worth of exposure that causes problems 
in the same way women are threatened by porn
thanks you guys.
who wants to fuck her in a dungeon of sex
My teahcers from high school are more at cancer risk (years in a building full of asbestos) than you would be for a few days.
kittenkajira what did you do in oncology? 
and somehow she magically falls in love with her
*him
you have to put this all in perspective cakeforallofyou 
anyway, whatever
all you need to know about the book
is that in book 2 of the series
he pulls out her tampon
and fucks her during her period
oh lord, it's a fucking SERIES?
yes girl
I prepared the chemotherapy and was also a phlebotomist. 
anywya, cuz of that, no thanks
the thing with asbestos is the body has no way of breaking down or expelling the particles so once you breathe them in or anything they're lodged in your lungs for life
jesus, I thought there was just one
anyway
that's my understanding anyway
could be wrong
http://50shadesofwat.tumblr.com/
hahaha
that address
I can't click it, 50 shades of grey doesn't exist in my universe
it might rip open a black hole
"sbestos can be removed in days from your vital organs by avoiding asbestos contaminated foods and drinking lots of fluids"
just from a quick google search, and going to the first link here http://www.immuneweb.org/911/articles/bt2.html 
Like I said, my teachers are at a much higher risk. I think a few days wouldn't jump your risk tremendously.
wouldn't that be digestive system?
are you a nurse kittenkajira? sorry to ask but i want to give a gift to the staff at this oncology center and im at a loss for what to do 
drinking water doesn't flush through lungs
that link looks...dodgy Camille 
the links for the author go to unrelated pages
yeah that's in the context of food contaminated
My mom is a teacher and she has friends who are getting sick in older building 
which would make sense
it says vital organs and it was about 911
not about getting asbestos from food
"Asbestos can be removed in days from your vital organs by avoiding asbestos contaminated foods and drinking lots of fluids. Food picks up asbestos from conveyor belts and asbestos may be on the skin of apples and plums."
it was about the fiberglass and asbestos form the buildings getting inside of you
https://twitter.com/nachosarah/status/664897672738828289
http://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbxpk9ffdu1r0wqrdo1_500.jpg
Sunhappy: thats....hot
earning those redwings
but it's inhaled through the lungs, im not sure drinking water would flush that out 
i didnt get the impression that the water was to flush it out
but to aid in cell activiy
That link IS kind of dodgy-looking.
Amelia: I'm a pharmacy technician.  Although I quit that to work from home.  We used to get lots of gifts.  A nice card will get passed around.  :)  We got a ton of candy around any holiday, so a fruit tray would likely be welcome.
http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5hotgh5E11qcmce2.png
some types of asbestos can be removed 
according to this
thank you! i was thinking of a fruit tray but i may bake some desserts also 
lol aZombieKitten like i said i clicked the first thing on google, i gave that disclaimer
http://www.atsdr.cdc.gov/noa/docs/Asbestos%20FAQ_ENG_web.pdf
so some can be cleared
other types cant
either way cakeforallofyou we dont even know that you are in any danger!
dont freak yourself out about this anymore
okay.
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41y129/important_announcements_updates_and_reminders/
You'd have to ask a doctor about your particular health risk.
someone pm anacrassis, tell him to use the chrome irc it's easier
okay distraction time!
i can't b/c I deleted my account
the book club sounds great Camille 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xp0x/q4_women_of_ppd_who_are_considered_at_least/cz64sfi?context=3
Sunhappy: I couldn't get past "tossed the tampon in the toilet"
wat
I would give you a link to CDC info, but I don't want you freaking out further.
your PLUMBING dude!
D:
<madscilove> your PLUMBING dude!
thanks aZombieKitten . my friend also just reminded me that his dad's a mesothelioma lawyer and how horrible it is to die from.
did you know that a lot of women do this and think it's a-ok??
crap ave to edit
thanks friend.
nooooo
D:
>.>
ive done it my whole life
I got into a HUGE slapfight with a good friend over this not too long ago
well people also flush baby wipes down the toilet
we dont have low flow toilets tho
i always flush my tampons
thats what she said
Oh dear.
is that not a thing?
chemist could be prettier
^^
okay i edited the post let me know if there are any other typos or formatting issues
Sunhappy: I always read/heard that you can't
she doesn tdo anythign with herself
i think youd need a lot more exposure for it to get that bad, try not to worry too much 
because it'll fuck up your toilet
right
eh
but refresh your pages now please if you have the link open
never had a problem in my life
finefeatures
nic elooking  skin
what kind of tampons are YALL using?? lol
pretty much half the state was low-flow here
Super?
http://i.imgur.com/gB4LUli.jpg
You can google it if you seriously want it.
The 'oh jeez' bit makes me lol every time
i won't!
why did she think posing with a bird randomly
Haha, in that case, absolutely don't.
was a good idea
lol at lust there
wonderrrrrrr whyyyyy
why that area?
The woman who wrote that has clearly never had an orgasm in her life
 <dragoness> pretty much half the state was low-flow here
bunch of negros who don't use jimmy hats
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/rrVmtkgT/
yeah, I think that's it
now I'm remembering that trp post where they thought that "light" "super" etc. referred to the size of a woman's vag
lol
omfg
really
i also second the book club. i had a ny goal of reading more books
lolol
yes! it was about a year ago
WAIT
but I died laughing
hold the fuck up
it would be nice to read books more in my interests like femininity and stuff
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xp0x/q4_women_of_ppd_who_are_considered_at_least/cz65by1?context=3
movie nights with WingN would be lovely haha
SERIOUSLY? 
I remember that madscilove 
Is on TBP somewhere
yeah, that's where I found it
oh thanks for your comment drag
back when I read TBP regularly
I know she didn't just fucking pull that card
Anyone want to read outlander?
dragoness: wtf
what a bizarre pissing contest
ah, yw AtlasB. I was worried it came off wrong!
Wow that's a lot of Germans AtlasB 
<madscilove> what a bizarre pissing contest
THANK YOU!
like what the fuck
A few girlfriends and I were going to start a book club
I've read all the outlanders, I wouldn't mind doing so again.  :)
that thing isnt even human
"Oh YEAH!? Well...how many times were YOU raped!?"
i joined a book club on meet up the other day! 
german is the biggest white ethny in US
my rest levels just dwindled down into the nagatives 
*respect levels 
I just wouldn't respond if I were you dragoness, is not gonna end well
AtlasB dragoness https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/31l1ft/all_vaginas_are_the_same_size11_and_the_unequal/cq2slp8
^tampon comment
who is she
That's cool, I didn't even thinking of finding one that way
"And yet look at you now, the hottest hapa on the island who's locked down a tall Russian alpha. You go girl!" ???
wow the midwest is so nice and peaceful
lol bardolatta we're just pal'ing around
and look at the perfect swath of german and dutch ancestry
oh right
no wonder we're all so tall
nvm did see the nick
lol i can literally see
didn't*
all the CBC districts
in the midwest
Sunhappy: those typos were steamy
isn't ozy mtf?
Hahaha madscilove. And sadly, thanks to uneddit I learned that comment once had 32+ upvotes 
Hmm, idk witzie, I'd never heard that. Is he.....she?
Ftm witzie 
Or non binary
oh hm
SerNemesis: arrow is back
Am not sure
SerNemesis: my BB is dead
Defs XX chromosomes  though
Camille it's a lovely post!  I like the explanation of the flair
i think ozy is FTM?
she said she was getting her tits cut off?
weird I thought mtf
does she have a girlfriend?
or what
well, quite frankly it doesnt matter as none of us have experienced "bullying" in the form of sexual assault as much as xir
*xe???
I think they have a boyfriend. I could just be making that up though, haha
I got all excited reading it
thanks im excited about rpw this year
which one do you have kittenkajira ?
why does she want her boobs cut off
witzie:
is EmilyCharland one of your alts??
yeah 
lol no
oh my lord
would be a good troll though
why do you ask
I was like whaa
seriously??
I was so worried there for a minute!
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41nioz/sympathy_for_the_terper_a_lot_of_women_are_bitches/
ozy posted naked pics on her tumblr 
I talked so much shit about "her" last night....then I started to get paranoid...
why do I not know who ozy is and why have I not seen these "nakie pics"
The EC one
ozy is a fairly frequent poster. I knew nothing about these naked pics either tho
what's her actual reddit name
im assuming it's not "ozy"
ozymandias271
oh
Frensel: have you seen them
and this is on PPD?
how else would I know about it 
okay, i talked to huscat now i've calmed down (with help from yall). he's going to keep doing what he's doing, but he's going to use a mask and work outdoors
no this was a while back
I know her through scott alexander
he is more confident than before that it's okay, which has calmed me down a lot.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41nioz/sympathy_for_the_terper_a_lot_of_women_are_bitches/cz41vux
lololol
Yay!
she was scott alexander's gf 
http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/08/20/ozys-anti-heartiste-faq/
Great outcome 
who is scott alexander?
and here I just thought she was really into Breaking Bad -_-
wtf is going on
scott alexander is a big rationalist 
rationalist for...what?
kind of a centrist
is he an internet philosopher?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/40nvcn/question_for_bp_what_is_so_offensive_about_the/cyvymdt  witzie
yeah that's a good label for him 
hmm
architect
AtlasB: 
the rationalist community
ewww
www.lesswrong.com
gangbang tit removal? 
oh, i've seen this site
thanks AtlasB 
ozymandias and scott alexander and slate star codex guy are from there
scott alexander is slate star codex guy to be clear 
the tit removal thing is sad 
they were nice tits 
oh yeh
why did she get her tits cut off??
i thought he was the shtetl optimized guy
shes soem weird FTM
oh
yet, she was a good looking girl?
'nonbinary'
that's...weird
good body 
atlasb would hate her face lmao
lemme see
i never understood why anyone who was pretty good looking would throw that away to be *not-quite the other gender*
she's set all her blog shit to private I think 
feelz
is it this?
https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/8a90150e04c9156f65b43f5f0d4e7a3d?s=200&d=monsterid&r=pg
Architect: gender dysmorphia is classified as a mental illness
just like you can't decide to stop being clinically depressed
eh, she can go either way
looking at her face
I mean, I've seen some MtF that were hotter than most women, but it's like...still
https://taikonenfea.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/talking-over.jpg?w=556
I get that
?
so I mean, that's why
mental illness
MtF that look like women
madscilove: yea, I guess you're right
"born in the wrong body"
etc.
were already feminine looking from the beginning
we dont treat other delusions with turnign the person into their delusion
otherwise you end up looking like caitlin jenner
we dont exile ppl who think theyre napoleon to elba
women who pass as men
were already masculine looking
you have to "pass" 
most trans people don't pass
atlasb: first one yes
even after SRS
ar etyou degenerate morons saying this is an attractive human
https://yt3.ggpht.com/-IPV5NvD_0Ew/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/zW14hdKWPPg/s900-c-k-no/photo.jpg
omg i must have been a 10 and didntknow it
no
not the face
who said she was attractive?
the body
lol
oh ok
kill it with fucking fire
Sunhappy: perhaps, yea
is that ozy?
not perhaps
i took HRC training
what is HRC
who AtlasB 
yes
thats ozy
AtlasB who is that??
oh shit, nvm
WOW
people who successfully transition, either gender, usually already look like the  gender they want
body wise
hmm
Human Rights Campaign
if a man wants to transition, and he's a fucking powerlifter
he's probably not gonna pass
period
if you're a guy and 120 lbs and feminine looking bone structure wise, it's easier to transition
my friend who transitioned was scared to death of putting on muscle for that reason
it looks masculine
women can "pass" easier cuz dudes can be loser looking and still look like guys
but from what i've....read/learned/been told
I'm going to become a man post-wall
MTF is easier than FTM
cuz their penises just....aren't penises
the technology isn't really there for FTM
yeah
but you can fake a vagina
and i've been told by one MTF
im goinjg to do a MtM transition
that it got wet and everything
like a normal vagina
MTF is easier than FTM - no, no, no
the trans body acceptance thing i can't get on board with
is fake tampons
FTM is trivial, hormones do a great job
to feel like you have a real period
MTF is basically impossible
you can't unmake the adams apple, the face
"female to male" doesn't really work because they can't have working penises
right
whereas male to female can have working, convincing vaginas
it's not about how they look with FTM so much as the penis
FtM have much poorer bottom surgery available Frensel, but you're right that the hormones are more effective
there's no way genitals matter anything like the body/face 
http://www.transgenderspiritcounseling.com/bleeding-tampons-post-op-transwomen/
frensel if you want to believe you are a man
and you don't have a penis
you're never gonna feel like a man
Frensel: but genitals do matter. can you imagine never having sex again?
just the truth
nah
the main thing is whether you seem like a man or woman
not the genitals 
hormones can make a girl grow a beard
a perfect trap with a dick will do better than a brianna wu with a vag
what?
they can't reduce a man's bone structure
Sex dysphoria is why most trans people transition, so genitalia matter to a lot of them
"trap with a dick" so.... mtf
yah 
perfect traps with dicks are rare
lots more in places where they can get early hormone treatment
like buartha said, the bottom surgery for ftm isn't very good
usually mtf = monstrosity 
bottom does not fuckin matter
I'm telling you
how many trans people do you know?
looking perfect but having the wrong plumbing puts you in a great position 
<Lonny_Z> hormones can make a girl grow a beard 
a good FtM makes a convincing low T male

looking horrible and having the right plumbing is worthless 
I'm telling you, genitals matter a great deal
your ability to have sex matters
in terms of what
life quality
Idk exactly what's been discussed here but let me tell you.....
not "passing"
but plain old quality of life
that's why I don't ge tit
you can look like a woman 100%
but you'll never have a real vagina
no, actually
the vaginas work
I'm sure it matters, just not nearly as much as looking good 
I have encountered so VERY convincing FtMs AND MtFs
most MtFs don't want to get cut
they can get wet and all of that
wut
*some
Architect: you can have something that is indistinguishable from a regular vag
their issue, MTF
from personal experience
no waaay
it looks the same
is shallowness
that's another thing, what proportion of mtf actually get the surgery
in terms of vagina
most trans people don't get SRS
they can't afford it
how does it get wet?
has anyone else here seen Nip/Tuck??
and they have to pass for 2-5 years
yes dragoness 
yes dragoness 
they have to pass for a certain number of years as their desired gender
if so, you'll know where I'm going with this
before being cleared for SRS
Sunhappy: they also have to be cleared by two separate psychologists
right
the surgery available is not the salient issue
the salient issue is how effective hormone therapy is
clearlt
hormone therapy is super effective
like, it isn't even close
the earlier you get it
that jazz boy who is now a girl
yah most don't get it early
<Architect> how does it get wet?
will look like a girl when she's 18
now women, they can get it late and turn into basically men
post-op/?
like, really, fucking men
dragoness: yeah post op
it works
buff as fuck men
semen 
yea
how does a fake vagina wet
a woman is an unfinished man, basically
like a real one
seminal secretions 
o_0
a man is a finished thing, making a man into a woman is like unscrambling an egg
there is practically no FtM equivalent of Buck Angel
http://www.thetransgendercenter.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=75&Itemid=145
"wetness" is actually just precum
or de-aging 
It matters to the people transitioning because it reduces their dysphoria. You're looking at this in terms of what's most sexually attractive and conforms best, and not seeing it from the perspective of people who have serious internal psychological issues with their genitalia
^^^^
Most if not all of our patients are able to have orgasm following MTF surgery/vaginoplasty.    Some people experience orgasm within seveeral months to a year and a half.
this
MtF*
"It matters to the people transitioning because it reduces their dysphoria." not as much as the efficacy or inefficacy of hormone therapy
MtF*
obviously
'it matters'
yeh
cool
guys
The total fees for male-to-female SRS are $19,150 and include the surgery fee, the operating room and anesthesia fees, and three days in the hospital.   
are you telling me my dream of being the prettiest girl is at hand?
I can have a real vagina
you can have the prettiest cunt
God bless reddit
the thing is that doesn't fucking matter
https://www.reddit.com/r/morbidquestions/comments/33gc3q/what_does_the_vagina_of_a_mtf_trans_person_look/
HOLD ON... 
Do any of you guys remember the story of this fireman who died on duty who left a MtF wife behind?
nsfw: http://ai.eecs.umich.edu/people/conway/TS/SRS.html
hello cathy_catherine are you an rpw?
can we please talk about something else
supposedly he didn't even know she was MtF the whole time they were married 
are you uncomfortable about vaginas?
Yeah, I'm just not usually on chat
yes girls have cooties
I agree
they do
actually
i know :) can you PM me on reddit please, my username is Camille11325
typically red piller 
ARGH
the horror
I'll throw out some topics
what?
that has to be the most painful surgery 
anyway
those diagrams
1. do you judge women who like men more beta/alpha than what you like
yeah, but just imagine if you 100% HATED having a dick?
back in my pre rpw days, i was a hardcore LGBTQI-Gender nonforming, nongender binary
advocate
2. what do boybands/romantic comedies mean for you
I don't see how surgeons tolerate doing that
lol these topics
<Lonny_Z> I don't see how surgeons tolerate doing that
3. is there anything you still don't get about men
I think it becomes an art form
like........ 
you guys i feel so alive right now i just broke into our apartment's pool so that i coudl use the vending machine
there is still something i don't get about men
lol
1. do you judge women who like men more beta/alpha than what you like
a gross, terrible artform
"How can I make the prettiest vagina ever>"
I think women do this bardolatta 
this undying urge to fuck women
at all times
Haha.  Love it!
i just cannot relate to that
Did you jump the fence?
we know
no but like conceptually
i did! the gates have codes that only work at certain times
good
I ask 1. b/c vamp thinks women who like alphas are all assholes
You mean it wouldn't matter to you if you were in their shoes. Since trans people often get sex reassignment surgery before facial feminisation surgery clearly a decent proportion of them feel that that's important to alleviating dysphoria
<bardolatta> I ask 1. b/c vamp thinks women who like alphas are all assholes
depends on your idea of :alpha
i think some alphas come off as assholes
we were just craving soda for some reason
and women typically mirror their SOs
so naturally she'd have to have some asshole traits
to get along with him
I feel like the more "alpha" man a woman requires the bitchier that women is likely to be
"I've been approached by many "alpha males" - all different types. Borderline criminals, hawt jocks, uber-yuppies, edgy rebels, smooth operators. I'm not impressed by how impressed with themselves they are. I see them a mile away and they have no chance - with me. I'm repulsed by Game. I don't know what else to say about it."
*woman
lol fun
Regina George really only wants the hottest, biggest douchebags in the room, imo
i don't see this at all
I think about the hottest girls at my hs and college
they were sweet and shy
well not shy, but sweet, normal
the hottest girls at my highschool actually weren't mean. She used to get me to read her diary in law class
The shy sweet girls wanted the assholes?
^^^
same question 
because IME, they damn well didnt
Yeah...
ok not shy, but not assholes either
the hot girls in my high school
gave blow jobs
or weren't 200 lbs by 14
everyone wants the asshole who can get the asshole
nah
so whats up cathy_catherine 
my HS friend was considered hot for her "lips"
the whole "asshole to everyone but me" things is a trope 
Not much, just figured I'd hop on chat while I got caught up on reading some new post
it's a trope women hope for though
when a non-bitchy girl sees a dude being an asshole to others its often a turn-off
I try not to spend TOO much time on reddit 
I disagree but I can see how you got there
I've been on dates with guys who were dicks to waitstaff and I never saw them again 
ect
Yeah I think only a bitch would like seeing a guy be mean to others
*etc
Exactly DG69 
cool :) 
I mean I guess we have different definitions of asshole
it's a fluid term
I understand 'asshole to everyone but me' a hell of a lot better than 'asshole to everyone including me' that a lot of guys on reddit think is attractive though dragoness 
sure
meh
when I say "shy" i didn't mean really shy
I don't think very many people are turned on by someone 'being an asshole' from their perspective
 I just meant average
if an asshole shows the slightest bit of beta comfort to one girl
i.e. the girls who dated them
she will fall for him
from what i've seen
weren't bitchier than the median
women don't like assholes who are assholes to women
the problem is 'asshole' is just a loaded way of saying 'assertive' or 'confident' or whatever
they don't care if he's an asshole to other guys
nah
in my experience, women want looks + dominance/value and they don't care what package it comes in
it comes off as cringy a lot of times
I think 'is able to exert dominance/influence over most people' is attractive rather than assholeishness
if I was out with a dude who was mean to "lesser" dudes for no reason I'd get disgusted 
i just stickied a new announcement post to rpw cathy_catherine idk if you saw
there are lots of words that are just ways of adding the 'bad' connotation to the objective trait 
which is useful but can obfuscate things 
because at that point, it's just bullying 
idk asshole is subjective
women tend to take pity
R rejected helping a homeless lady who was crying for money
I don't think alpha needs to mean asshole
and it made me want to jump him lol
When I think of the most popular guys in high school
<Sunhappy> R rejected helping a homeless lady who was crying for money
it doesn't DG69 
Im good with that
seriously
lol
ok let's rephrase: the women who dated the most assertive, outgoing, teasing, socially dominant, boisterous, etc, men didn't statistically deviate from the average themselves
he thought she was a crack fiend
likes don't pair with likes
anyway, when he rejected her, she said
They were like captain of the swim team, good grades, but also really nice
verbatum
Ladies were all about it
"you no betta than those white muthafuckers"
hahaha
I feel like women just redefine asshole to suit them during these types of convos though
haha camille im not sure i could jump a fence! 
weiiiiiiird date
you have to consider what most people consider an asshole move
lol
or asshole behavior
I can't lie, R just jumped like 1.5smv in my estimation 
dragoness: right???
I dont play that .
he's so hot :3 and snarky
he cuts me off in conversation and says i don't make any sense
and then blames it on my female anatomy
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2011/12/22/caring-vs-uncaring-assholery/
and then gives me hugs <3 <3
asshole = former, not latter
Amelia, huscat jumped a fence the other day and expected me to!
(I did, but i found something to climb on as I was wearing a very nice dress)
dg69 no one's saying niceness is a fatal turnoff
just ceteris paraibus
<Sunhappy> R rejected helping a homeless lady who was crying for money
it was fun Amelia you should try it some time!
aw, F helps every homeless person who asks
lol
my boyfriend and i got stuck on the other side of our neighborhood wall and he lifted me up, climbed over, and then let me get on his shoulders hahah
gives them a cigarette or a bit of money. although he almost fought one who grabbed my hand
That sounds so fun!  I'm so excited about getting skinny enough to do stuff like that
My dad has a homeless friend
why would that be an SMV increasing event?
doesn't the fact htat that icnreases his SMV directly contradict that women enjoy assholes
He used to bring him plates of leftovers on his way to work
women don't*
being lifted is such a turn on 
Architect: me?
lol, no
Sunhappy: and dragoness 
"and then blames it on my female anatomy" "Hey TwoX: My BF just blamed my mistake on my 'female anatomy'? Idk what to do"
what???
Architect?
shut up bot
turning down homeless people could be seen as "asshole-y"
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/78fDlUaU/
most people would say that's not a nice thing to do
<Architect> why would that be an SMV increasing event?
My partner will give me money to give to homeless people if I don't have change, but he doesn't really engage himself
oh
most people would say it's a fairly mean thing to do
I just hate homeless beggars 
so that this increases his SMV
aw buartha, that's sweet
supports my theory that women don't care about men's personalities
For sure!  J can pick me up.  It's getting easier as I get thinner!  I can't wait to have wall sex one day
oh man, it is!
huh?
it depends on the woman's personality
lol what a jump Architect 
right!
loll
dragoness doesn't like homeless beggers so it makes sense that she likes men who are similar
i care about R's personality
SP always thinks beggars are trying to con him
I fucking hate people who are mean to homeless people
i am always worried i'll hurt huscat
exactly 
but he's fine
for me, i like how he handled a woman who could have been a crack fiend
and is scared of them 
wit
(of course)
and I'm with a man who helps every homeless person he sees
so am i
they're scary
hmm
I don't like strangers
those tears dried up
so, we're all with men who have similar views to homelessness
to ourselves
when she knew wasn't getting no 50 cents
wall sex is awesome! 
started cussing us out
I like homeless people
yelling
like people will do that "can I have money for gas?" thing
I wish I could give them houses
but you can always kind of tell they're conning you
anyway, i felt safer with R so that increased his smv in my book
idk
I feel bad because if I were stranded I'd want someone to help me 
lol DG69 you are sweet
but realistically, someone would
don't let people corrupt your sweetness
DG69: dat bay area influence
if I saw someone who looked like me needing help I'd give them gas money, the normal beggars look seedy
if i were homeless
i'd walk to the white side of town
chill around their dumpsters
white folk throw out the nicest things
lol
Lol
i'd just get some table lamps, knick knacks
<Sunhappy> started cussing us out
My mom recently got told off by a woman who objected to her "only"...."donating" a dollar in her coffee cup based on the car she drove 
there used to be a homeless guy who came and sat on the porch of the house I lived in for college
dresses
and ate chicken
hit up the sunday flee market
and threw the bones and carcass all ove rthe porch
and sell that shit
creepy old guy
and I mean, that lady WENT OFF
homeless people can be cray
white hipsters in dupont would buy it and call it "consignment"
and i'd make bank
#homelessgoals
yeha madscilove my friend got stabbed by a beggar
and nearly died
Sometimes I'm walking around I'll find a hollow tree and think "I'd sleep here if I was homeless"
"all you gon give is a dollar??"
so I stay away
jesus
And then I imagine what else I'd do
i'd ride the rails
back and forth
be a sneaky drifter
wear a cloak
like yoda
say wise things
guide children
then again, it's easier for us to be creative in strategies
given that we aren't trying to survive on a daily basis
there's a lot in Dangerous Liasons
i'm a black woman. ain't no one helping me if i'm homeless
to seduce the girl, the villain has her folllow him
and pretends that he doesn't see her
then he gives a homeless person money
F is so sweet. he'd give someone the shirt off his back <3
lawd wall sex?
I thought all the confident guys with hot girls did that
yall some acrobatics
*acrobats
sometimes it drives me nuts, but it really is very sweet. comes from a good place.
they were showing them secret acts of kindness surrepticiously
a plot*
I used to volunteer at a street drinker's centre, and most homeless people are grand, they just really struggle to fit into modern society and communicate with 'normal' people, and a lot either have mental illnesses or poor literacy. Not to say there aren't a higher proportion of violent head cases than in the general population, but they're still a minority
it's not a regular thing but it's fun occasionally haha
Meh, I've had shower sex a few times. 
my old roommates used to throw a block party under an overpass every christmas
for the homeless 
all these sluts and punk kids and djs
and a ton of food and booze
lol am i really this vanilla?
jesus
Is shower sex non-vanilla? o_o
(and I mean sluts in the most affectionate way possible)
no
but i only had it once
idk i just don't do stuff like that
i hear others talk about the various positionsand places they have sex and i can't relate
Do you just do missionary in the bedroom?
all girls have to do is wait outside a grocery store and get picked up by a 40 yr old man, cleaned up, given mmoney and fucked
like that chick on confession
#Win
hell no, you don't know what sort of man that guy is
he could fucking kill you
most men
would never fuck
a homeless woman
hygeine, hello??
madscilove: some girls are into that ;)
hygiene
think about it, who'd miss a homeless person? that's so unsafe
lol
perfect murder victim
or locked in a basement victim
we don't just do that and we do it in different places
What was the story there architect?
i guess its just not exciting
She was just a homeless whore?
compared to other stories i hear
like marathons, using food and stuff, cuffs or whatever
stuff like that. i don't need the extra stuff, just the man lol
sometimes sex is just good as is and you dont need the extra stuff
 <aZombieKitten> Meh, I've had shower sex a few times. 
I can't, the water waste stresses me out really bad
lol
...as dorky as that sounds
I lived in Cali for too long
lol
No, I mean that's reasonable.
so cali
adventurous to me would be like....
idk
blindfolds or something
DG69: so, there was a story about a college girl who found a homeless guy. She took him home and cleaned him up and gave him a shave and when he was clean, she thought he was cute, so she fucked him, and she really enjoyed it because he hadn't been with a woman pretty much ever because he was homeless. She got a bunch of praise for it. Then a couple days
later, a man posted, saying he did the same thing; he is 40 and went shopping and found an 18yr old homeless girl outside a grocery store, so he took her home and bathed and and cleaned her up and same deal...they fucked, he gave her some cash and she split. People called him scum basically
12:29 AM <bardolatta> there's a lot in Dangerous Liasons
ok, quick poll: what do you guys want when you're sick?
juice, cough drops, soup
I recommend that ALL the time
for everyone to leave me alone
Do you want to try that kind of stuff?
Redpill+ filn
Film
DG69: it was a big reddit firestorm
Sex can be exciting without being kinky or crazy
"I can't, the water waste stresses me out really bad"
madscilove++
you are too funny
the age gap triggered it
haha
40 year old man took advantage of a 18 year old girl
ty :P
is what they'd say
i live in the desert, i can relate 
comes from living in a drought-stricken state
right
EZ target
i feel anxious when people run the water while they brush their teeth haha
Oh I see
not really
i'm just saying
Wouldn't showering together save water to make up for any extra water potentially lost?
Cuddles and ice cream if I have the stomach for it madscilove.  Otherwise fruit and/ or vegetables juiced up
i'm very satisfied with things, lol
I live in an area close to swamps, so I don't flinch at it.
well i think it ends up being a much longer shower lol 
shower time is my time. i like the aloneness
Well, that depends on how long you take, I guess. lol
Two people in one shower with some quick sex vs Two separate showers for two people? 
Shower used to take less for us because one was rinsing while the other was lathering.
idk i dont think watching me shave is sexy 
showers are a chill space for me
it's not just getting clean
I feel that sunhappy 
bathrooms in general are a private space, i think
same, its like a destress time for the day 
yeah we are a bathroom door closed couple! 
I had a big family for bathroom time was my only space sometimes 
Amelia> well i think it ends up being a much longer shower lol 
pretty much this
shower sex, i can't do it!
ooh, ice cream, that's a good one
ty
yeah im not a big fan
for somewhere so wet, it's not very slippery...
sometimes ill invite him into the shower with me when im almost done sort of as foreplay but thats it 
yeah. Sometimes we have baths together but that's fairly single-purpose
1. I always thought the "power balance" argument was bullshit, just a ploy by older women to keep high smv men for themselves
sex in water really, it's never been as good as I have imagined!
I can't handle showers with J.  He scrubs like his entire body in a certain order, and rinses it all like 5 times a specific way.  Then he has a technique for toweling off. 
not sure how much of it is an actually conspiracy, just like how AF/BB is often unintentional
Plus is that he's never stinky.
"power imbalance"*
to put it bluntly, very young women are often retards
it's easy to talk them into things
I don't know why women simultaeneously love age/power imbalance and claim to hate age/power imbalance
so while I don't have a problem with age gaps in general, I think there is room for some power imbalance/misuse SOMETIMES
2. I'm really surprised people people here are so averse to "chicks dig jerks," vamp immediately agreed that a lot of women, even most, succumb to it
right so not why outlaw underage sex
I mean, enforcement wise
arrest minors for sex with each other
Man, C and I were so chill about that when we were dating. We saved more time by showering together and stuff.
? it's already illegal
and minors can be charged for statutory rape
and sometimes are
right but it's not really enforced in the same way statutory rape is
13 year olds don't go to jail for having sex w/o 13 year olds
i usually take much shorter showers than my boyfriend 
I imagine if someone reported it to the authorities, they would get charged
a male 13 yr old?
the laws are different,
which is why you don't hear underage kids sentences to long jail time
it depends on the state. sometimes there are "romeo and juliet" laws
I mean, i don't know the laws, but inferring from behavior
but come on, two 13 year olds fucking around is obviously different than a 40 year old fucking a 13 year old
everyone knows sex with a minor is a no no
to me there are far bigger differences between people of the same age with different levels of innate social skills
I wouldn't say bigger
there are differences within the same age, but there are bigger differences in exp. between 17 and 45
I don't see it, it's a gross image b/c old me nare gross to picture
or hell, even 19 and 25
like, there's a big difference in power between a billionaire
and a random girl
I actually really like older men
I think most age laws and differences are bullshit except when used to protect children
ok
so I'm not arguing this from a place of disgust
but I do think there are practical considerations there
which should be thought through
a 17yr old fucking a 35yr old is not different than an 18yr old
no I was explaining where I saw the difference
who is now an adult
I mean but what's the difference
if I were a father I'd be just as worried if my daughter was dating a 13 year old boy
they can be more callous
that seems disingenous to me
didn't someone just say someone took their v card and then dumped them 2 weeks later
you really can't see the exp difference between a 13 year old boy and a 40 year old man?
the vast life experience differences?
That homeless guy story is pretty hot actually
really?
To imagine
right but why does it matter
DG69: so that's why you're so quiet
like if it was abou tregulating power imbalance I'd ban extroverts from hitting on introverts
:)
well, if everyone is of legal age, they can go nuts and do whatever they want
right that's what so nonsensical
but "ethically" I think it is less ethical for an older person to be with a younger person IF it's because they're more malleable
easily convinced
minors can break each other's hearts but not by adults
of what?
I don't know what they're persuading them to do
to do things they don't want to do, basically. young people are stupid.
I don't think it should be illegal
like?
ok
but from my personal system of ethics, I think choosing easily manipulated marks can be seen as "less moral"
if it comes froma  predatory place
often it does not
case by case consideration
I mean, in what way
?
prey on them in what way
take their money?
kidnap them?
20:39:49 <Architect> SerNemesis: arrow is back
I mean
oh whoa
i gotta watch tomorr
ow
Older people can convince younger people to do dumb shit
^
This happens all the time
too bad they won't kill off felicity
I've done it
this is bascially all I'm saying
lol
like one example
it's easier
because they're stupid
hey Frensel
I mean, older people can convince young people to meet up before vetting...to send nudes
etc
do you have any thoughts about the American Civil War?
have sex even
without a condom
etc
that's a good example, architect
loan them money
to the point of financial misfortune
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41vx7q/does_my_sense_of_courtesymanners_need_adjusting/
1. what about nudes?
2. why would they be able to persuading them not to use condoms than their peers?
3. loans - but we don't have laws preventing adults from befriending teenagers
SerNemesis: I liked this animation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN1VX_g8JZM
I don't know what loans have to do with sex
because the validation of an older person you look up to is worth a lot more
ah thanks Frensel 
right but that means we should ban celebs from interacting with the rest of humanity
one of the things i marvel at
stratify humanity by status
seeing the numbers
is the sheer rates of attrition they managed
actually
we do do that
in a way
like, clint eastwood
forced his gf in the 80s to have multiple abortions
abused her, allegedly
especially given that they weren't fighting for their existence against foreign invaders
if a celebrity is advocating soemthing we don't like, we take it seriously...like Eminem's music back in the 90
s
and 2000s
sorry, computer died
it was amazing how many casualties they were willing to sustain without routing
or NWA
etc
bardolatta: I don't really understand what your point is, to be totally honest
 <bardolatta> right but that means we should ban celebs from interacting with the rest of humanity
no one is talking about banning anything
we're talking about power imbalances and whether they exist
he's saying is old people who have power are really that much more powerufl than peers
we shouldn't let old people interact with youngf people
young
but we do
so we must be wrong
oh just why minors having sex with each other isn't punished equally as an adult having sex with a minor
no crime committed by minors is punished equally
unless they are tried as an adult
Yeahhh
so that's an issue with the legal system, not specifically "sex crimes"
Have you seen how minors get punished for sending photos of themselves?
^
they can get dinged for distributing CP
put on a sex offender registry
for sending photos of themselves
Minors can get dinged for not realizing they're distributing or viewing CP.
I remember a TIFU of some kid who was 14 and was looking up naked girls his own age.
His parents got in trouble for it.
there are some places where if a 15yr old has nudes on their phone, they could be charged with having child porn of themselves
Oh that happened to my ex aZombieKitten 
He was 14
Because he totally wasn't aware that what he was doing was "wrong."
1. sure, but no one gets sent to juvenile hall for sex with a fellow minor
He looked up pics of girls his own age...
He didn't think about pedophiles at all.
compared to theft, etc
DG69: rookie mistake
No, but they get put on sex offender lists.
Forever.
And have to alert their neighbors they're living next to a "sex offender."
Which makes people think they're a pedo forever.
2. I read the article about the pics, but that doesn't mean underaged sex is enforced that strongly
ok, well theft up to $500 is a misdemeanor
There is also a case of a boy who was tried AS AN ADULT for having pictures of a minor - HIMSELF - on his phone
whereas CP is a felony
LOL madscilove 
that was sooooooooo black
madscilove++
lolol. how was that black?
so you actually do get punished much worse for sex offending as a minor
you knew the exact charge/punishment
xD
oaklandddd
well no
if an adult had the same pic
Sex crimes are taken VERY seriously regardless of age.
bardolatta> 1. sure, but no one gets sent to juvenile hall for sex with a fellow minor compared to theft, etc
^ that is what I was responding to
Also, there are even still Romeo & Juliet laws.
now you're shifting the goal post
So minors can still get charged for banging other minors if they're outside of the R&J.
no you brought up an example of sending pictures
which is a whole different ballgame
lol "extreme"
hardly
teens sext as a matter of course
and that was a rare instance, if it was commonly enforced it wouldn't be news
like, it's a scandal critcizing the police for going to far, I'm not shifting goalpost
it's common enough that several people in this IRC have stories about it happening to friends of theirs
21:59:54 <DG69> Oh that happened to my ex aZombieKitten 
crap
poor kid
and you are shfiting the goalpost by saying "no but if an adult had the same pic" when originally the thing in question was whether or not sex offending as a minor is treated less harshly than theft
and it's not
I am lucky enough I never got caught, otherwise I'd probably be on a list.
With your CP aZombieKitten ? Lol
the thing in question was whether there were active law enforcement initiatives to prevent minors from having sex
There are R&J laws.
So, yeah, there are.
it's not uncommon for minors to be charged with statutory for consensual sex with other minors
Parents can get some other parents' kid pegged with statutory.
Because their precious angel had consensual sex.
US laws are fucking stupid shocker
lolol
right, but I was talking about enforcement - there are a lot of laws on the books that are rarely enforced
our laws are worse for sex stuff actually
de facto, not de jure
if you robbed a store
where are you from Architect ?
you're not going to brag about it on campus
canuckistan
ah
like, the points very simple - for thins like theft, assault, etc, if I brag about it, someone tells on me, I'm fucked
b/c the enforcment apparatus is there
but no one is afraid of telling their peers about sex
it's nto considered immoral
it's enshrined in pop culture
and the examples of people being arrested, R&J laws, are exceptions
romeo and juliet laws are what keep people from being arrested
just btw
ok w/e
the point is, minor sex is ubiquitous and celebrated
so it's not "minors are morally incapable of consent"
"whatever" about not having an understanding of the laws you're debating?
if you don't know what romeo and juliet laws are, I'm inclined to believe you don't know very much about statutory rape laws or how often they are enforced
I think we can can infer about enforcement w/o knowing the exact statutes
bardolatta: you...ugh...you know how fast you were going there bud?
no, I don't think so.
liscence and registration please
but anyway
Holy wall of text
I think we got off on a tangent
re: power imbalances
there are so many examples in life where the power imbalance is greater, and legal
I gave you celebs and their groupies
most prominently
no one is arguing about legality but you, though
I don't think a power imbalance has to be illegal to exist
Adults have theoretically been around long enough to know they'll get used as a groupie
Kids don't know
If they're being used/lied to
I don't have as much sympathy for that Clint Eastwood woman
As I would for a teenager going through that
ok, you agree that statutory rape laws shouldn't exist
but do you think the motives of the people who support them are sincere
I don't know what we were disagreeing about
yeah, I don't know anymore either
wait, everyone here is against statutory rape laws? that wasn't clear
b/c the answers people gave the impression that they were jutsified
since it protected minors from exploitation
I agree with Hawaii's statutory rape laws. legal age of consent is 16. also, there is a r&j law for 14 year olds.
basically, if you are 14, it's legal for you to have sex with someone up to 3 years older than you
I think that's as good as we're going to do with statutory rape laws that protect minors without being too draconian
it's not perfect, but it's reasonable
I think 16 is more sane than 18
sorry i was afk i agree cathy_catherine there were so many owords! im off now thouhg have a great night everyone
<3
good night, hope to talk to you again soon
so you still think a power imbalance between a 14 and 18 year old is legally banworthy
i personally don't
no, I don't think so. 
but of the laws on the books, I think Hawaii is doing better than many other places
what would be "ideal"
ideally I'd say 4 years for a 14 year old
so 14 year old can fuck a 18 yo, 15 year old can fuck a 19 yo
and keep the age of consent at 16
ok, RJ +4 years
after which they can do what they want
ah hawaii
land of legal prime-aged
legal prime-aged hapas at that
oh hey protopill
Hey
so
are you gonna visit the bay area?
I haven't been up there in probably 10 years lol
C'mon protopill vacation
I don't even remember why I (was it me?) brought the statutory thing up, but where I was going with it is how, if you go by the logic of power imbalance, to be logically consistent you'd have to re-regulate the entire dating market, b/c imbalances much larger than the one between a typical 14 and 20 year old exist everywhere, and exploitation happens. I'm groggy right now, but I know I can come up with a lot of examples later.
 There's a NY Times story about an autistic physicsts professor who was tricked into being a drug mule for a gangsters who pretended to be a model http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/10/magazine/the-professor-the-bikini-model-and-the-suitcase-full-of-trouble.html?pagewanted=all this is a synecdoche for how I see men get exploited in all sorts of ways pervasively
+ the Karen Owens thing. The end logic of "ending power imbalances" in relationships would have to lead to banning casual sex of some sort, b/c she was basically abused by the men she slept with, if not financially, emotionally. I'm getting deja vu in that I might have made this point earlier in another forum years ago. I didn't intend to make it today but somehow in the middle of arguing about statutory rape laws that instinc
There was a Times column, or from some other publication, about a girl who was a booty call for a guy, showed up; turns out he had called another girl and told her to leave at the door.
And then he called her again a few months later and she still came in the middle of the night.
I'm sure (ok not so sure) that you've seen or read about these power disparities elsewhere,
after all why would someone put up with abuse if they had leverage and could find something better elsewhere
excluding domestic violence victims where their bf threatens to kill them if they leave
I think I'd originally thought of this point when debating feminists to force them to admit that all statutory laws are bogus since no one wants to pass laws/social reform to address all the other power disparities in relationships that you see everywhere
Oh right - the reason why I so over-zealously argued over the finer points of minor sex law was a popular argument for statutory rape laws was - you can't consent until you're 18
they'd link you to studies about how the brain magically becomes mature at 18
And of course the answer to that was - if that's true, why don't you care about minors having sex
This is probably debating PTSD, if there is such a thing.
DG69: ou alive?
Alive
what's your favourite movie?
Elf
really?
Then kung fu panda
Then blood diamond
lol
ok, interesting
What's yours
im not sure. I have too many
The matrix is one
love that movie
Oh I watched that recently!
It is great
have you seen it before?
Yeah but it'd been awhile
yeah, it's a sci fi classic
Forest gump used to be my favorite
It still made me cry last time I watched it
aw
lol
aw
There WIll Be Blood is now on my life of favourites
was not expecting that
Oh I've never seen that
saw it when I was bored and out of movies
Looks boring like just a bunch of dirty guys in the desert
lol
DG69: it's a very psychological movie
you hvae to be in to drama
allusion
stuff like that
takes you back to highschool english
lol
I don't much like drama, I like funny, and I like sci fi thriller-y
lol, I can tell
i bet you loved Old SChool
I have an idea for a movie I'm gonna start writing
I've never seen it all actually
wut
I loved the other guys lol
what movie made  so many people's careers
There's a lot of movies I haven't seen
the other guys was good
I was epcting not to live it
expecting
I'm a much bigger tv fan
I'll rewatch things over and over
same
Ok as a kid, even into my teens, I would watch the same movie every night for months
I'm really not a movie person
There are about a dozen movies I've watched 50+ times easy
what's your top 3 TV shows?
And now there are tv shows I've seen ten times through
1 community
2 park & rec
i love community
And right now I'm into the office again
community is so good
I was mad when troy left though
Community is the best show ever
SPOILERS!!!!!
nooooooo I'm so sorry
damn, I actually didnt know that 
he never leaves, I'm full of crap
Yeah troy+ abed=<3
YOU BITCH!
lol, troy followed his dream
fuck his dream
Haha, troy and abed were best.
abed is better
I haven't seen the later seasons 
than his dream
My sister and I have a troy/abed thing
troy and abed in the MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORNING
I'm troy
They were my favorite bromance.
I'm really into doctor who right now
She made me a mini dreamatorium with a folder
She's adorable
i'd go back to school if school was like community
i wanna have school wide paintball fights
and make giant forts
Architect: if I had seen it before college
I would've chosen cc
loool
I bet there is a greendale college
funny enough
thre has to be
x files is my favorite show of all time
followed by dollhouse
madscilove++
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xp0x/q4_women_of_ppd_who_are_considered_at_least/cz67siz
um.ok
Xfilse
never got into that
scully and mulder 
who uses sexual assault as a trump card in jest??
they're perfect
I'd say GoT is my number 1
because im basic
I was sooo fucking into that show
"HAHAHAHA, I was raped! lolol, I win!!!"
Suddenly my interest disappeared
season 9 when mulder get abducted by aliens, I was so fucking mad
the distance between seasons is HUGE DG69 
lots of people do that
I rage quit the show for weeks
I didn't watch any of the most recent (current?) Season
I liked Californication before it became obvious they just wanted to make a show where David DuChovney just fucked a lot of chicks
with no plot
dragoness> "HAHAHAHA, I was raped! lolol, I win!!!"
lololol
heh
"congratulations on being raped. I'm really happy for you that your childhood was so shitty. yay!"
but then you know they'd put you on TBP
er...enjoy your victory I guess.......
lol, yeah mads, same
I mean, i guess that's what some people have going for them
...
Is it wrong that I actually don't believe any of them BPers who say they've been assualted - bar one -?
if it's wrong, I don't want to be right
hahaha
although I kind of do believe it
they're all so fucked up
for real
and yet...nah
I feel left out
I was never assaulted
they don't seem tough enough
dragoness
it ain't all its cracked up to be DG69 
exactly mads
Sorry :(
OR they bring it up ONLY to win an argument 
which is disgusting 
again....
I'm tempted to make a Q4BP
"how many of you have been sexually assaulted!"
"Q4BP: why are y'all so full of shit!?"
hahaha
except you DG
or...you know, what you said......
we  you
Lol
"why y'all so fucked up?"
I'm kinda of fond of DG, yeah
She's ok
I guess the origin story OP covered that
in a nicer way
maybe an OP asking people what the worst trait they bring to the table is
http://imgur.com/gallery/w4M8sB5
I like DG69 
I heard she hates me though
"we know you have redeeming qualities, but why does it suck to date you?"
that bitch
wonder if anyone would be honest
You got that backwards Architect 
I've always loved you
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz68un2
baby don't hurt me
Hahaha motion sickness
don't hurt me
no mo
DG69: <3
<3
oh man
thats a sad commenty
poor pandora's man
They also have little sex too because it hurts her
pandora always was an odd woman
I think he is in it for that good panda money
ooh
well
maybe that works for him
makes her... dizzy?
I mean lets be honest if she gives a random dude her phone number for no reason
I dont doubt that she randomly brought up how much money her father has
If I were the dude I think I could hold out for a while like that
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz5h24v
this guy
equilibrium is one of those
well if rp says it too
it must be an rp idea
stupid
rp collected its ideas from somewhere
it also does not have a monopoly on them
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/
I wouldn't share my woman
I mean, if I could have slaves I wouldn't share them either.
alright, I posted a silly OP. go and comment!
posted
nice :)
11:24 PM <susandeath> it also does not have a monopoly on them -- I hate that
Very dumb
I think sharing women is pretty un-RP
In reality it is
even if I've seen some identify as RP/alpha and then on the other hand have poly relationships
i would share my women
amongst themselves
^ :)
I don't think poly and rp are good bedfellows
threesome is usually how I change main plate
one-penis-policy ftw
yeah, that's more rp's style
I could probably MMF a low value plate
I agree madscilove
Lmao dat SerNemesis penis talk
Yesterday hahaahah
I answered your OP mads
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xp0x/q4_women_of_ppd_who_are_considered_at_least/cz69xce?context=3
lol that was yesterday for you
O yeah today for you SerNemesis 
Hahh
well....I don't remeber asking for pics but uh...artichokess is hot
"in fact, holding hands is for marriage."
thanks susandeath 
holy shit wtf
even the duggar girls held hands before marriage
damn, she is hot
lolol
Her other friends look like mtf
Hang on
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/z/cz5lgst
Ok that wasnt nice to say 
But seriously.
always have ugly friends 
I guess she changed
life lessons from dragoness :P
Her religious ways
"i had a reputation for being very religious,"
she was talking about her personality growing up though
<madscilove> life lessons from dragoness :P
lolol
Drink alcohol.
or better yet, BE the ugly friend for years....then sneak up and shit all over those other hoes
She seems really cool I'm stalking her
me too, lol
She's a bisexual entp
Creepy
er...I mean, stop that DG, that's super creepy
suuuuper creepy
but uh, if you find more pics
I bet dg69 is already creeping over the girls I talked about with her
Lol madscilove 
y'know, you can totally PM me
:D
damn, her friends are *significantly* less attractive 
the more I look I mean
Yes!
They look mtf to me
yeah
its basically two trannies and a smoking hot chick
It is confusing me
I'm feeling 100% clarity 
I was like wait are those bruce jenners sons?
hahaha
you're all hot trannies as far as i'm concerned
Ha gay
aww, thx Architect 
Not as gay as mashakos
;)
lol good old mashy
idk when this mashakos is gay propaganda got started but goddamn..
Well he wanted to pound my ass
With his dick so that seems pretty gay
gayyyy
yeah but...you wanna fuck buartha like there's no tomorrow so...
The only man that can do that is buartha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXw6znXPfy4
point proven
No dragoness you just dont get it 
Cuz femaaale
suure
http://i.imgur.com/X3nkLJa.png
.........when your dread game fails so you gotta scramble to change the subject
is that hobbit?
lololol
yeah
...ouch
that's terrible
What lol 
really really terrible
Its so bad I am confused
that's...
bad
I can't believe a real human man said that
hahaha
if I saw it on reddit I'd be like "Faaaaake"
Lol
for real, lol
I thought that this was one of those fake reddit things
It's not from Reddit?
You are fucking with me dragoness ?
not at all
Wtf.
he didn't even wait a day like normal people
he asked about oil literally 4 minutes later
LOL
hahahha
i didn't notice that
<DG69> It's not from Reddit?
nope
Omg
From your life
?
Right! madscilove 
dragoness: on the bright side, you handled those texts like a boss
ice cold
hahaha
I was actually super annoyed too
yeah DG69...that's me_irl
Lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41wx1r/how_effective_would_this_dating_strategy_be_for_a/
people who no nothing about weight loos
*loss and how it works and iots effectiveness
questioningwoman has risen to new lows
Questioningwoman is a obese retard
Betting 50 bucks on that one
oh, then he texted me a sycophantic thank you for 'recommending' vegetable oil
it's like she doesn't know how humans work
Lmao.
from that skype convo...I'd wager she doesn't, madscilove 
Shhhh dragoness 
You dont know the know how go to people
Hahahahah
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xtdf/what_percentage_of_the_opposite_sex_that_you_come/
this again?
really
95%
oh, she's online
lol. Just logged on
about 65% for me
it's interesting how many people will tell you what's wrong with them
some weeks I walk around like "goddamn, is everyone sexy???"
i mean, I guess we are anonymous on the internet
i don't think people always know much about what is actually wrong with themselves
but they use it as a title/badge anyway
Lol that second part makes no sense to do
That is just rooting bad behaviour in
Silly people
well, it does in a way. Depends what group it is
Architect, I mean https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/
I'm surprised how many bites I'm getting
I kind of am too actually
I've seen these questions before and the answers were always bullshit
the real question is, who the fuck downvoted you
that's what I was expecting Architect
I'm pleasantly surprised by everyone's candor
Hey its anon
the "problems" are always
"im too good looking. People don't take me seriously" or "I can't commit. I have too many plates..."
"i'm an asshole, but women love it"
Alright I will bite madscilove 
I'll add mine in too
after I make something for dinner
ive heard that one before
Done
http://imgur.com/gallery/wdAshqQ
Lmao
Hey filozof 
I responded madscilove but I had to do a lot of editing 
I just read yours
yo DG69 
once I started listing my flaws it became clear I'm actually pretty horrible 
"I'm a sarcastic bitch, I don't emote openly as I think emotions are pathetic and also I can be very, very mean and impatient."
how you doing siS?
...sounds great to me
hahha
obviously there is something wrong wth me
haha
"plus I sort of don't understand other people's emotions. I'm also very pessimistic and in my natural state, I lack the sunny/bubbly outlook on life that so many men seem to crave in a partner. I also lack empathy most times for most people. Deep down I have a really good heart but it's way.....waaayyyy deep down there."
^^ was the rest =/
......get at me boys
I'm doing good filozof just watching the office
You?
i just woke up
have to go to class in a few minutes
haven't you finished the office already?
Yeah
I started over
it's nice that you have time
i did similarly with HIMYM, I watched every episode 2-3 times at least, since it was so good
yay
I got a late christmas present
WHOOO HOOO
its Introduction to Financial Accounting
was it late....or early
I am starting to study again this year
I am alright with that dragoness 
super coolness
I am a bit like that too haha
ha yeah, I know
alright, here's mine
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6b5gm
hopefully I don't come across too bunny-builer
*boiler
http://imgur.com/gallery/99Y5IjX
this is cool
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6b36r
She is a bit of a mess
dawwww madscilove 
But then again I am not any better
At least she is honest
being clingy is not necessarily a flaw
i like clingy
actually, I'd be that level of clingy too if I didn't constantly worry I was being annoying 
clingy gets old after 5 years, trust me
xD
I love hard as hell
I also unlove pretty quickly though 
my biggest flaw - i'm autistic?
Yeah dragoness 
I think I have that too
 <dragoness> I also unlove pretty quickly though 
that seems handy
But usually I am just fine being around said person without too much drama
the biggest problem in my relationship is probably "space" as an issue
^^^^^^
as in, me being clingy
oh.......
<madscilove> that seems handy
but I guess it's kind of cool that the solution to that problem is "me doing anything I want that's not in the same room as F"
it actually IS
so, like, going out to bars, hanging with friends, basically doing whatever I feel like
that's not so bad
:P
I've never been more "thankful" for my "heartlessness" until it came to breakups 
 <madscilove> so, like, going out to bars, hanging with friends, basically doing whatever I feel like
Yeah I take this too serious sometimes
what do you mean?
Actually neglected a lot of people because of it
tbh though, I think it formed as a defense mechanism after seeing my mom get hurt and cite "love" or "feelings" as a reason to get back with a scumbag 
And I think I made them sad over it because I very much knew how much it meant to them at the time and just didnt care.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6b19h
Lol and you have this little shit
what a cop out
lol
how about "I'm obsessed with my ex girlfriend to an unhealthy degree"
they can't climb the social hierarchy because of his length?
are we sure it isn't because he has nothing on offer
I dont get how being short is a flaw
also its not something you can work on
It isnt that much of a flaw
He isnt 4'0"
But he sure acts like it.
women do not jump in social ladder for dating guys taller than them
unless it's like a competition among women who can date the tallest
No its not
My brother is like what 5'7" maybr 5'8" with shoes on
And he slays pussy just fine
are you sure it is BTL? Pretty sure in terpdom length is signaling social status
He just isnt a pussy that stays in his house all day behind a keyboard and writes fanfic- i mean fieldreports about women.
lol
O right RedManBearPig 
someone go upvote me.
Why aren't you slaying pussy BTL? are you preparing to be beta bux?
I should tell him that he doesnt stand a chance with all the 6'0" people out there
Yes BTL
I am way too focussed on being succesful RedManBearPig I.e. making more money and all that jazz
The whole ONS thing just isnt for me
better prepare him for the apocalypse that the internet people told you about
I already imagined it wasn't for you
In fact I feel empty inside when I do it like I could have been doing something more important
FWB's though
I dont even like these women and it just makes me feel shit especially when they feel like they get something out of it. The whole leading someone on and wasting their time just doesnt sit me well
 <RedManBearPig> better prepare him for the apocalypse that the internet people told you about
O yeah totally when trp is going to hit it off and rebel he will have problems 
 <RedManBearPig> Why aren't you slaying pussy BTL? are you preparing to be beta bux?
yes
griddy and I are going to bleed him dry
So to answer your question RedManBearPig I just go for women I would have an LTR with otherwise I am quite apathetic to it. Tis all or nothing baby!
BTL, have you ever had a girlfriend? 
SaintOfPirates link to upvote please
Yeah dragoness we broke up before college
dawwwwwwww
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6bew6
She went to another school at the time and then to the otherwise of the country
That was just shit in terms of maintaining it
Otherside* 
upvoted!
SaintofPirates: now that is a flaw
none of that "i'm slightly shorter tahn average"
:)
Lmao SaintOfPirates 
That was pretty funny too
The way you started the intro
Was 
Like it was nothing 
"Had my tea. Alright! To the cheat mobile!"
I get what you are saaying BTL
my kinda woman
there may be a sky-signal of a 3 cornor hat over a vagina.  not going to lie.
"There an intollerable level of sexual fedelity commissioner bob, better get the cheat-signal warmed up"
my strategy with cheating whores is to fuck them at least 5 times aday so they don't have time to fuck someone else
theres always time.
lol dencrypt_ 
good plan
who has time to fuck 5 times a day?
I do
um...
yeah, lol
depends on how quickly you finish? 
dencrypt_: no offense but seriously you should stay away from whores knowing your trackrecord
ah, ok. I suppose there is that
30 min each
yep
BeyondTheLight: hell no
I am too fucking crazy for that
I tried guys
do first, think after :D
however, I must say, it's never been like....5x a day.....EVERY day
I had sex 1500 times with my ex during 18 months
I bet we will have  dencrypt_1 dencrypt_2 dencrypt_3 soon.
when my ex was living with me we mostly kept it at a tame 3..
lol btl
1500 times
Jesus
<dencrypt_> I had sex 1500 times with my ex during 18 months
someone kept a spreadsheet 
almost actually
I have no idea of my number..
So you had like 3 times sex a day?
probably thereabouts though
Damn.
on avarage yes
I am surprised she only had 1 kid
before work, after work, before sleep
was the usual
yep
3 times a day is what keeps my testosterone down to normal levels :D
Yeah and I thought once a day was morreeeee than plenty
how do people do that regularly without chafing?
don't get me wrong, I've had those marathons
but then we have an enforced break for a few days because we're both raw and sore
Right!
try it again only to be like "nooooope. nope. ow ow ow "
Doesn't have to be PIV all the time
Lol
oral sex is a lot easier on the skin
at least for me as a guy
yeah wow
I dunno about that much sex
I thought I loved sex
turns out
I am nearly asexual compared to dencrypt
for real!
I have sex about twice a week on average
and I used to think that was lots
<madscilove> how do people do that regularly without chafing?
step 1. get wet
step 2. get REALLY wet
step 3...fuck
like animals.......
Man that is savage dencrypt_ 
also I never count oral as "sex"
I think you need a hall pass for the pussy of your ex
1500 is crazy
well, I was always hard and she was always wet so why waste a good opportunity
yeah, same dragoness
I mean, it counts but... why stop there
one of the reason I don't like anal that much
you get sore really fast
I think my former sex schedule went something like 3/1/2/2/1/4/5/6/
(su/m/t/w/th/f/s/su) for reference 
damn dude
and god forbid one of us had a mid-week offday....
:D
"no" was not in our vocabulary 
sounds good
damn...........now I'm conflicted 
it's in my vocab but another person saying "no" to me doesn't exist
lol
I've always had very finicky partners. one of us is often turning the other down
this with the same dude who just tried to dread game me with cooking oil..
me too mads
that's no good mads
we still average probably around 4-5 times a week, but sometime the answer is "nooooo"
dread game with cooking oil
so he was cheating with cooking oil
4-5x a week is perfectly fine
for real
yeah, I think we're good
yeah that's totally fine
fucking like debaucherous rabbits isn't exactly "normal"
we both just work very physical jobs now
don't let him read merp
I think if J and I are happy
 <dragoness> this with the same dude who just tried to dread game me with cooking oil..
then 2 times a week is good
so one or both of us is often too tired and sore to move at the end of the day
Hahahahahahhhah
he probably gets more
cause he has another gf
 <RedManBearPig> so he was cheating with cooking oil
lol
were you not here for that?
no
RedManBearPig> don't let him read merp
http://i.imgur.com/X3nkLJa.png RedManBearPig 
lol, it's not always me turning it down
Cooking oil can be pretty hot
Dont blame him
lol
Burnt my hand once
you misspelled penis 
loool
Haha
oeh the cringe
the beta
Right hha
susandeath> I think if J and I are happy then 2 times a week is good
totally
I never had exchanges like that
To be honest susandeath if you had to have sex 5 times a day shit wont get done
next time anyone questions me as to whether I fuck betas......I'm linking that as proof
BeyondTheLight: yeahhh
I don't even have time to eat lunch some days
See now I'm sure that my penis will nearly drop off if I try to have sex 5 times a day now
Yeah you need st least 3 hours to do that properly lol
Thats a lot of time and sore genitals
I'm pretty sore after 2
not that sore but sore enough
I agree BTL
.context
gotta learn the art of the quickie
why
what's there to learn? it's not as fun unless you're doing it somewhere you're not supposed to
oh
I am boring
I like my sex vanilla and in a bed
if you've all stocked up on privacy, might as well take your time
*you're
madscilove> what's there to learn? it's not as fun <-- then you are not versed in the *art* of the quickie
see, quickies to me are like... the ride is over before the engine even gets warmed up
it's especially important to learn how to make quickies fun for guys who will be fathers in the future
unless you're sloppy drunk and doing things places you shouldn't be*
madscilove> see, quickies to me are like... the ride is over before the engine even gets warmed up ---> yeah
also
no kids 
so I aint gonna worry about learning how to have quickies
madscilove> see, quickies to me are like... the ride is over before the engine even gets warmed up <-- that's the trouble with vanilla sex
Mashakos
dont come push your BDSM agenda
also, I'm not vanilla
some of us like vanilla sex!
although vanilla sex is perfectly nice too
sex for me can be three hours or ten minutes. Even when it's short, we both get something out o fit.
I can't think creatively when it comes to vanilla. With violent, rough sex though, I feel like I have a lot more room.
Mashakos
will you indulge my curiosity
how old are you?
33
is that an old pic you shared
if not
good genes
it's from 2011
oooh
<susandeath> is that an old pic you shared
!!!!!!!!!!!
I asked the same question 
Mashakos looks like 17 in the pic
I actually still think Mashakos is full of shit tbh
I still get mistaken for 23, heh
oh....damn...I meant to send that as a PM  \_()_/
lool
bitches be thirsty
hahaha
dragoness++
lol
you guys
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6c7wp?context=3
oh,xemnas...
WHAT THE FUC
and yet this is the same guy who once claimed I "rejected" him because of looks.........
haha that guy has so many problems
 I commanded I be given time to think. And I have had many months to think.
I have now experienced an epic level of wtfuckness
someone hospitalise this kid
yes plz
I like that he begins with what he masturbates to
He is nuts lol
no shit
Makes panda look tame
the masturbationpart was the most normal
Right lok
And here I thought I had problems
Sheesh
I got a comment on a post I made to a makeup subreddit
and was really confused for a second
it was buried amongst everyone's flaws xD
hmmm
"I can and I will ravage you to a broken shell who locks themselves in their room and cries themselves to sleep."
I doubt that
lunch!
he seems too fragile
I think he is doing one of those things where he is subconsciously revealing how he responds to harsh criticism 
lunch indeed
or soon at least. Maybe sushi today.
chosing what to eat for lunch is my biggest first world problem.
<Mashakos> "I can and I will ravage you to a broken shell who locks themselves in their room and cries themselves to sleep."
he's describing himself, wtf
nah
<dencrypt_> chosing what to eat for lunch is my biggest first world problem
gives me the bipolar/scizo vives
*vibes
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6chj4?context=1
god, this kid
lolol, I've got a real first world problem for you
well yeah he is describing how he will react
dragoness?
ty bot. now shut up
.modterm dragoness loves MBTI the most, also no longer race traitor
"the touching issje thoufh" dafuq? is he experiencing a breakdown?
BITCH!
no no no no no
I'm fine with being a race traitor 
ok, ok, still race traitor still race traitor
I want a term
yeah, dragoness is hot for me and I'm black
I just fucking hate MBTI
so she is clearly not a race traitor
MBTI?
.modterm dragoness loves MBTI the most, also still race traitor (but man she loves MBTI a lot, did I mention?)
you don't look black though Mashakos 
my children will definitely look black
does anyone have any book recommendations? I like, well, literary chick lit mostly.
also, I'm not "hot" for you. Just willing and eager to do lots of shady things in your name
hehehe
.tell dragoness dragoness
HAHAHAHHA
I hate you
ily2 bb
leave that though.
lol
oh I will
lol
what's your MBTI dragoness ?
ISTP
you trowlin'
i.e., a stonecold bitch by nature 
what's yours mashakos?
ISTP for real?
^^
yes
so why do you hate MBTI then?
guys, how do I do the thing so my MBTI pops up?
.mbti
I actually dont so much anymore, I used to think it was total bullshit 
I don't hate mbti
I quite like it
oops read that wrong
my bad
I'm INTP
but I consider it like a horoscope for smart people now
ewwwwww
INTP and INTJ are the best :D
er...I mean...yay
intj?
I am INTJ
aww, fuck that pic
dragoness: yep, I will drive you insane with my thought experiments
i also hate MBTI
I need answers 
enfp?
#ENTJmasterrace
we don't have an ESFJ in chat yet
it's like pokemon, we have to catch them all
no ESFP or ISTJ either
Fuck you guys I am special snowflake and decide not to get labeled
how bloopy of you :3
but like..whats your mbti BeyondTheLight ?
I thought blpers loved labels
what, you mean like heteronormative demisexual?
So if you like could put me in the entj/intj part that would be cool
No otherkin dragoness 
yes
hahaha otherkin
have you taken the thing BeyondTheLight?
Did a while ago
oh god....otherkin
I learned about them from TJ
what was the result??
fucking mad people
we have an ISFJ in here?
My best bro is ISFJ
a few I think
so I'm curious about it
katniss is ISFJ
and TGP's wife
Entj/intj dragoness 
It alternates 
ETNJ masterrace BTL woohoo
I took it twice
ANRJ*
EnTJ*
Haha
fucking german keyboards
though you seem a bit more intro to me BTL
Like I said it alternates
it's hard to tell intro/extro over the internet
There are seriously moments where I give no shit
and just baio
Bail*
it is mads
but I recognize intro thought pattern
differnt to extro
right
l
zou
you*
pop quiz....what is the name of the symbol madscilove just typed?
....NO CHEATING!
I can't see a symbol
I only see an I
trick question? idk
|....
l
lol
I
who knows!?
have you been drinking?
limearitas? 
damn
you drink like a girl
nah
I drink like it's a fucking Wednesday 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6cvvk
HOW??? 
I used to do that
It's "nice" because....why, exactly?
He's not even short!!
Because he feels glad that there is someone who cares about the short men
Also, if the market for short men is really this scarce I expect to have AT LEAST four proposals by my birthday 
"cares"
what if I just wanted to screw and abuse short men, huh??
what if behind the scenes I was doing nothing more than fucking and fucking north american dudes under 5'6??
THat#s not mz problem
*fucking and cucking 
my bad
fucking and cucking
DAMN
hmmm, I like that term now
That's going in my vocab
180cm?
way too damn tall
hold on
6ft?
ewwwwwwwwww
ah good
get outta here you tree trunk bastard 
I've decided I don't want to be cucked by you
I feel short by being 180
so I needed a reason
oh wow dencrypt, yeah at 5'9 ur such a fucking manlet.............
shut up
I know right
can't even change a lightbulb without help
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6cn4l?context=3
...of a ladder 
<RedManBearPig> I've decided I don't want to be cucked by you
What is he smoking?
ummmmmmmmmmm
didn't you quite literally GIVE ME to carkudo last night, RedManBearPig???
3,4 methylendioxymethylamphetamine?
"Its not about the nail bruh"
HUH??
dragoness: I have read some of his other responses 
Man the kid has issues
Like even more than before that weird post about himself
Xemnas just called me "the short guy fairy" and now it's time to end my life.....
also, FUCK YOU madscilove for introducing any type of "fairy" into our lingo 
I didn't give my toys away dragoness
I just abandon them
??????
11:38 <dragoness> didn't you quite literally GIVE ME to carkudo last night, RedManBearPig???
.......
I have the same problem as you BTL
Too direct
and then some more
you're exact words were: "you can have her carkudo"!!
*your
Yeah because I was done
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6d4a3
damn
I hate when crazy people are kinda right about me
he really needs to spellcheck tho.....
fcuk splelchcek
lolol
At this point we need to let xemnas just sleep
lol, seriously 
dragoness have you read camilles post?
which one?
if you mean the one on RPW then yes
yes
so dragoness would be ether LL or HL
right
what?
filozof?
wow
okay....thx for letting me know........
so you haven't read it
no, LH instead of HL
or what was the order again
high dominance woman with low dominance preference
all I'm seeing is DB terms
what's DB?
<RedManBearPig> so you haven't read it
I was talking to the bot RedManBearPig 
camille's post had those terms defined
oh
LL was low dominance woman with low dominance preference
HL is high dominance woman with high dominance preference
you're probably the second one
no
both are low dominance threshhold
but read the post and check where you see yourself
you've gotten the terms all fucked up
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
i did?
how so?
no, i'm pretty sure i didn't
anyway, why did you ask, RedManBearPig??
Because what xemnas did was give a good description how you fit a low dominance threshold
so if she's HL
then LHL would be the perfect relationship for her
eh
i'm just talking about what the post says
it's not my theory
.okay?
Jack4ss++ 
You are funny as hell ahha
did he do something in minecraft?
lol
nice drama https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/41xwxk/iama_girl_from_girlsdoporncom_ama/
i wonder if it's legit or just advertisement for GDP
i think it's most likely advertisement, but who knows
internet marketing is getting more and more clever
what is girlsdopopcorn?
can't search because I#m at work
girlsdoporn, not girlsdopopcorn (hopefully that was intentional0
shit
I legit read girlsdopopcorn
lol
its a website that is supposedly about your average girls doing porn scenes
so i suppose they tell stories about those girls being forced into it
to make men more horny for it
okay
this girl is accusing them of duping her into doing porn in the AMA, but who knows how true that is
bah
it's funny how supposedly it was horrible when her video was posted on pornhub
and yet, that chick has done webcam shows
right
I just read that
man fuschia is so fucking dumb
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41z3h2/cmv_polyandry_is_just_as_normal_as_polygyny/
that's funny, I went quiet to respond to that post before you linked it
pretty sure men can have offspring more often than women
if a dude impregnates a woman, that doesn't hamper his ability to impregnate another
on the other hand, if a woman is pregnant, she can't have kids for some time
so it's more efficient if she chooses the best seed
men can afford to be more indiscriminate
right this hypergamy
is*
< <filozof> on the other hand, if a woman is pregnant, she can't have kids for some time
yeah.....like 6 whole weeks
and about 11mos between births 
more like 9 months
so yes, almost a year
<filozof> so it's more efficient if she chooses the best seed
how so?
a dude on the other hand can give his seed to a woman every hour
and also.....
why can't she choose SEVERAL men with 'the best seed'?
because a dude can fuck an uggo and then impregnate a hot chick a moment later
if a woman is impregnated by an uggo she can't have kids with an alpha for some time
just because a dude CAN fuck a different every hour doesn't mean hes making good genetic decisions 
how many kids can a single woman have in her lifetime? it's rare she has more than 10
can confirm
are we talking modern here?
on the other hand, a dude can have hundreds of kids
i'm talking about how women evolved
<filozof> because a dude can fuck an uggo and then impregnate a hot chick a moment later
technically, theoretically yeah, but no in reality for the most part
how women evolved?
bro don't you get it
only men evolved
women's bodies reject unworthy sperm all the time
women just stayed the same
this is why they are the most responsible teenager in the house
of course......
polygyny makes more sense, because theoretically 5 women can be pregnant with the same dude at the same time
on the other hand, a woman can't be pregnant with 5 men
and yet, what if his genes are unworthy?
that's why men are disposable
women are quite literally MUCH more discerning
a man with weak, inferior genes will still have an urge to impregnate as many women as possible 
yes, women are much more discriminating
meanwhile women are hardwired to reject such men 
which is why they rarely have harems
and such genes 
i dont know much about women rejecting weak genes
nawalt?
that chick hasn't rejected him
women don't have "harems" because we're not in the business of keeping men around whom we dont really care for
<filozof> i dont know much about women rejecting weak genes
never heard of women rejecting stupid, short, weird or ugly men?
i heard about that
but you talked about women's bodies rejecting unworthy sperm
<filozof> i dont know much about women rejecting weak genes
as per YOU
but the internet tells me all women have harems and being a millenial i believe everything on theinternet!
lol
as if it's something that happens biologially
thanks meeb
We needed that
meeb++
for being a bro
meeb?
WTF
meeb pls tell me someone added that glorious quote of yours??
sorry dragoness, stop asking, i'm not joining your harem
meh
and i honestly have no idea
if you only knew what we got up to in the locker room...
"12:53 PM <dragoness> as per YOU" - what?
you said you didn't know about women rejecting weak genes as if you were skeptical 
man I love celo green his voice
https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/41yh3v/my_husband_has_a_glass_or_two_of_wine_the_night/cz68ani?context=5
heh, I like her
<RedManBearPig> man I love celo green his voice
Gnarls Barkley used to be my shit 
I am listening back to it when I quoted them last week
In fact...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkeQEgGUwA4
I was like, I miss that black voice
damn real nice
wtf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOz0rxmeWD4
hello
dragoness> women don't have "harems" because we're not in the business of keeping men around whom we dont really care for. Yep harem owner confirms this
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41x5gl/my_wife_34f_wants_mutual_friend_to_father_our/
well here is some stuff going down
Bot still here?!? Doing Bot stuff?!?
oh god this movie is turning sappy
what movie, Jack4ss?
twilight
girls, it's ok, i've found the solution to all your dating problems, apparently it's this
https://youtu.be/RS_95-QTCeo
goddamn meeb
talk about girl game
Rofl meeb 
Wtf did I watch
hahaha that video
everyone knows not to discuss PUA techniques infront of your date
it won't matter
your date will be in a deep trance from staring at hypnobraclet
meeb: does quakenet only send pings when there is no activity? Or does it do it intermittently regardless of activity?
omg germany https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41zalb/afd_not_allowed_in_televised_debates_before/
this is not a good year for leftism
http://translate.google.com/translate?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bz-berlin.de%2Fberlin%2Frazzia-gegen-schleuser-mafia-festnahmen-auch-in-berlin&hl=en&langpair=auto|en&tbb=1&ie=UTF-8
Return of the Mash
It is!
Return of the Mash
Come on
Return of the Mash
Oh my god
You know that I'll be back
Here I am!
Mash
yay
gotta commit to it once you start something that stupid
were you talking about yourself
or mashed potatoes?
yep
my heart is broken
you can still use the gravy
on DEEZ NUTS
http://imgur.com/5egSQTv
goddamni
she should've coloured that zit blue
People and their downvoting in PPD?
forget the question mark
that downvoting bullcrap 
I upvote every minus or 0 comment
cause it annyos me
its people not using the subreddit style who do it
it's incredibly immature
It#s even in the goddamn rules, do not downvote
thx bot
PPD is a friggin debate sub, not somewhere you go to circle jerk
xanny bringing the xannies
just got a couple xans, i'm the xan man
what is a xan?
xanax
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alprazolam
mmm aplra
ooh
drugs
yes drugs
I want to drugs with you sometime xanny
that's cool always looking for new drug friends 
just gotta check if I can even do that shit without dying due to cardiac arrest
group xanax, sounds like a great slumber party
well xanax is a sedative, i doubt it'd give you a heart attack
just chills you out
although right now i'm on pregabalin and codeine 
which is a nice mix
hm
It's the combo of anti-psyschotics
and other stuff
antipsychotics are pretty heavy sedatives themselves 
xanax might just knock you out combined with those 
right
that has happened before
im on pregabalin to xanman
how you finding it?
it improves my mood
you spaced out and retarded all the time? when i took it daily it did that but the mood lift went away. 
these days i only take a few pills now and then, didn't agree with me when i took it daily.
griddy++
Boo
gimme karma you indian whore!
Sern didnt give you karma FirionDarklight ?
what?
where?
.karma
There are no indians on atm
.karma
nice
.karma
Wtf how do I have so much
ok
brown whore gimme karma
!
lol
72
i think it's the earphones on every pic
my karma grows when I'm not around
like your dick
.karma
not bad
fuck you
Are you stepping into the sexual shit flinging contest Moldador ?
i don't speak english
i was checking someone online to ask a question
may i pm you?
wow, Bill Burr was in Dave Chappelle's tv show 11 years ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQtiKaoNUrc
Sure
i am still didn't get what ppd is for LOL
loool
to discuss redpill and blue pill
and other stuff
we are obviously an online cult
here to take away everyone's rights and return back to our perfect nationalistic tradionalistic utopia
as someone told me redpill is like sexism 
like the noble savage myth but with nazis
and blue pill is gay
purlple is travesty
blue is mostly a satire sub that misses the point by taking itself too seriously
red pill is disenfranchised people fed up with their lack of sexual success at least till they make it
:)
redpill is about being in control of your life
lol
i mean the crowd it gathers
and improving it
now you are talking about matrix, Jack4ss 
shut up
rp is smart in the regard.
i will come over to brazil and hit you with a vuvuzueal i swear
even if women and society groomed you to be an idiot white knight
it is still your fault
omg they are not brazilian, but african :D
it's quite individualistic in that regard
HAHAHA
an more practical than bp
same thing
u silly man
bloopers are like  just join us then when we reach that utopia where gender norms dont exist and women dont get turned on by hot men(because social engineering) you can have your sex
and that's how you get bloopies like thales
who are 40 and virgin
:D
and take solace in how virtuous they are
ha 99 problems just started playing 
how fitting 
99 problems?
99 luftballons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEHSRgwvbcI
how can you not know 99 problems
you're too white for that RedManBearPig, don't click it! 
if you having girl problems i feel bad for you son, i got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=La4Dcd1aUcE
I know it man
I was confused with the context
hehehe
ah
for a second I thought 99 problems was a dude
i dont 
i pay them to leave
https://scontent.fath2-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xlt1/v/t1.0-9/1910083_10203953770804698_7284524158599432434_n.jpg?oh=5a81f619e6033f658901c9b996d95740&oe=5730935D
1 thousand cock stare
ack! 
looks like a dude
yeah
indeed
a cute dude
she was better when she was my gf in my teens. her CC has kinda make her look older
lol
go figure
:P
you gonna bang that?
lol
nope
are u crazy
she uses purple
is that not a cross-dresser?
nope
Jack4ss++
Hahahhahahha
You crack me up ahah
why not firion?
loololol
rumor has it she does escort job
not touching that
i think star wars would be awesome if the light sabre was replaced with a vuvuzuela
we got rubbers for that
still nope
the fuck man
escort??
i can't understand how you digged up the vuvuzela
if you can seduce an escort you get to tell people you fucked an escort for free
that creature isn't worth a quick hand job
yeah
cc ruined her big time
and she is like not even 21
must be 20
wtf
I pegged her as 40
21
:O
CC aging
:P
holy shit
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/12v1hf/almost_a_hundred_subscribers_welcome_newcomers/
you greek shits look old
https://scontent.fath2-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xat1/v/t1.0-9/12439160_10203936978944912_7579699937653864129_n.jpg?oh=a9d0f38654b00fe0da9e9c1f85c3801a&oe=57016669
moldador, read this
power of make up
then come to the dark side with me
you will make a fine redpill lord
just remember the perils of the red pill https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVHuZ8xkbyI
lol
the karate guy is like me
hahaha
lol this video
granny don't!! lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq1HNTem4tw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYKu4uDRTNE
dave chappelle is the man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwUwDU7Uoq4
davechapele yoda
Hey hey blowing 
https://scontent.fath2-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/v/t1.0-9/11140114_1064183310279257_4876801017970714864_n.jpg?oh=eb188deb360be0ddc95adc88ae370fb3&oe=574247C9
it's not what you think. let me explain.
!!
wat
cheating cat you dummy
I really wonder sometime what magic world we live in
are men being brainwashed?
ahhh
is feminist media really destroying the true alphas?
the answer may surprise you!
one simple trick!
no you dummy
they fuck them
both figuratively and literally
lol
I mean
I see post like this
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/41zao0/guys_who_are_alpha_among_men_but_beta_around_women/
particularly the second comment
and think
It makes me question if I even live in reality
i don't think that's feminist brainwashing 
just being beta, lack of abundance mentality most certainly 
like "i don't wanna lose this girl and be single"
used to think like that
some guys are like that because they don't struggle finding women
same. glad i'm outta that mindset now.
high achiever betas
Achievents matter baby
this is what BTL is preparing for
beta bux life
good morning
https://scontent.fath2-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtl1/v/t1.0-9/12308814_1022836804458384_6761054779732738281_n.jpg?oh=4d0d9ace48f60562b243b59c363d3e6c&oe=56FD64CF
morning Sunhappy 
i think his beating was a net positive anyways
LOL
I didn't expect hipsters to be targeted
Jack4ss> i will come over to brazil and hit you with a vuvuzueal i swear ---> cultural misappropriation!!!!! 
Better shave it RedManBearPig  haha
like saying you're a hipster excuses you from a beating 
Nah they don't fuck with me
And the dog in his hand lmao.
I'm too white though
But gaaaIiisssss I am a hipstaah
<RedManBearPig> this is what BTL is preparing for
i wonder if this vuvuzueala will fit down susans throat
Probably I care too much about losing
 I wonder if this vuvuzela will fit up Jack4ss ass!
oh bb
I'm too confident to concern myself with losing the girl
O losing girls 
I was more talking about accomplishments
oh you meant losing money?
Not girls
I get you bruv
Girls are a dime in a dozen lol
nobody wants you to lose that money
I just got issues with my particular taste in women
like they are hard to come by
Worst case I can find a golddigger who gives a damn lol
What dp you want then?
BeyondTheLight> Girls are a dime in a dozen lol <-- dymes are pretty hard to find http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Dyme
high dominance high threshold
Lol dyme 
https://scontent.fath2-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtp1/v/t1.0-0/s526x395/12088284_10154117872951840_4296371079833209086_n.jpg?oh=ff1e8ff0b54f2aef41f19df71b8cc8a0&oe=5737E4CA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LC5pxaBwuK4
hip to the hop
they are trying too hard
but it's cool
hmm, the sound production is off on that one
lol, the rapper said two verses and quit
I miss the old days when hip hop had whimsy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3pyCGnZzYA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb6r_G1LLEI
just
my head
this is a piece of work https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hN89U_XD9E
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/41ze34/husband_finds_out_he_is_infertile_wife_tells_him/
doesn't anyone feel bad for the wife? 
poor woman
"She said that I had wasted the most fertile years of her life and that knowingly keeping someone in a childless marriage is something she would not wish on her worst enemy."
let's just mock her biological imperative and ignore how huge of a deal this is
of course she wants to use sperm from someone else, her husband is infertile and she wants to fulfill her biological destiny
he took two years to get tested
cause he refused at first to believe it was him that could be infertile
wow
seems complicated
going to have to check the original post, if the guy hid his infertility she has every right to want out
either you let me fuckk my ex or its over
he didnt hide it Mashakos
he didnt know
i'd just say i'd want out
i wouldn't say i want my ex lol
and for the 2 years when they were trying
what a cunt
and she was doing all sorts of tests
she should just leave him and have a kid by someone else
he refused to even get tested
maybe she is already banging ben
:P
the tests on women are so much more intrusive too
yep
its much easier for a man
jack off
so that guy is kind of a huge ass
I saw the original post and just stopped reading
then test the sperm
i wonder if by donor
she means the traditional way
or the medical way
Poor woman yeah
ok, she sounds like a bitch
because if it is the first i can understand the upset
Wait there is a full post
Link it Mashakos?
https://archive.is/hfNUJ
Thanks
I like this dude
she wants out but can't lose a well off beta bux
first comenter
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41x5gl/my_wife_34f_wants_mutual_friend_to_father_our/cz5vouk
she feels so wronged that she ponied up and threw fucking the ex on the table
commenter*
i'd say he's lukcy he's shooting blanks
they wanna do the traditional way
he tensed up at this and said that she will not go with a clinic as she does not trust them enough, rather she already has someone in mind.
*she
that sounds like
ok she is a dick 
i know that i want someone to fuck me
yes
because hes willing for normal donor route
"She then goes on to tell me that she has already spoken to Ben and that he is happy to take care of our embarrassing problem."
wow
soundls like
FUCK ME BEN
She's dead
i would be a lump under a tree in the woods
Yeah fuck her
if the dude had some balls she would be dead by now
he's screwed though
She is a dick
Mashakos: is right
he'll have to give her half
either way he loses
In the beginning I was like awww and then nooe.
you cant give half to the dead
Nope.
how about selling everything and moving
how definitive is his loss of fertileness?
will still get half
how?
i am talking
out of murika
morning all
will the feds just come to get him in europe?
Not sure RedManBearPig 
But he eanted to go to a clinic
She eanted to fuck the dude
it just says he is infertile
in what age do we live?
I thought there were fixes for some infertility problems for both sides
it's unbelievable to me that there are women who find it so easy to completely humiliate men they have been faithful to for years
yep
Well he is swallowing the humiliation
no hug or im sorry to hear about your infertility  - just bam - i think i will sleep in another room
That's on him
awalt indeed
i bet she was a bridezilla too
happywifelife: what would you do?
what would i do if i was him?
I get that you first sympathized witzie and susan, but damn. She really dun fucked up
in a traditional culture she would be labelled a witch and forced to live in a hut deep in the forest. In the west it's just "complicated"
cant we just stone her?
i dont think i can give you a serious answer to what i would do in a man's position
yeah RedManBearPig now that I read the relationships post
Fuck that lol
Bury her
i can tell you i would never approve her sitting on her ex'x dick to fix the "embarrassing problem"
Get some lye
bury her and stone her
Man be a man
If you kill atleast own up to it
Nah jk
Lol fuck that
can you die by anal rape?
I will be a pussy
if your dick dont work
she doesnt trust a clinic but she trust old ben's dick
At least I wont be in jail 
someone he hates
nah
you find a pretty cool guy that you're cool with
not her ex ffs
everytime he looks at those kids
divorce or some serious dread game
he will be reminded
unless he has nothing to dread her with
I am astounded he is even asking advice for this
This is a rp troll post
your wife told you she wants to cuck you
Cant be this ridiculous
Your first reaction wont be
Yeah sure.
Sounds like a grand idea
hes not asking for advice hes like "am i fucked up for being pissed"
yeah, this is probably a troll
this is the men societz breeds today
No
this is reality
happywifelife: i mostly mean what would you do if you were the wife
deal with it
its in relationships, not rp
O I know
Men are pussified till this point
But plemty of terps post somehing like that
I believe that
if i was the wife, i would never have shamed his infirtility and i would certainly put aside my ticking clock for some compassion
she;s not the only one with a loss here
RedManBearPig: I refuse to believe that men in the west have lost all sense of self respect 
selfish bitch
why would this be a troll post?
If my wife was like that
there are far more pussified men in this world
i dont think there are many legit troll psots
just stupid peopel
i remember reading that famous cuck post
I would have to go on a vacation trip with her
i dont think its trollng 
where a man let his wife have se with other men in the name of feminism
lol
this is very tame in comparison to that
Something like a road trip through iran
or Somalia 
And give her the of mice and men ending
lol!
hehehe
i'm sitting here lusting over a state politician
and then remembering he's gay
Officer t was taliban 
sux
Her headscarf fell
he wouldnt fuck you anyway
i dont get why women are disappointed when celebrities are gay
who griddy?
it would be like me crying because ellen page is a lesbian
its not like i had a chance
because they are hypergamous bithces filozof
Lol
nope he wouldnt
he's a former state foot baller
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/27/f3/50/27f35024c8bcc40bbeab4c389aba784f.jpg
It was a shame that ellen page went lesbian
now he's philly's gay icon: http://www.sims4pa.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/10505034_700727186682062_3705420988114690830_o.jpg
Not bad griddy 
still cute tho
actually cuter cuz beard
griddy: have you met AtlasB ?
suit = +2 SMV
lmao SexyMcSexington 
filozof: no
i think you're both from philly, arent you?
yes
Griddy likes to be alive
i wonder if he's a pansexual alpha
or just a gay man
top or bottom
And not used for AtlasB s threesomes
lol
werd BeyondTheLight !
her H may place me in a cage
as "pet black girl"
haah
haha*
Right hahaha
AtlasB is a pansexual alpha
indeed she is
don't lift!!!! http://i.imgur.com/eYzGwbi.gifv
ellen page
BeyondTheLight: not for me
however i did a happy dance when i realized Amber Heard dated a woman for 4 years
lol
im gonna sell her a condo one day
morning yo
heya
sounds like girly looking women are not your thing
you're probably not into alison brie either
filozof: i like alison brie
ellen page just looks not girly to me
which is why she isnt my thing
Alison brie is cool
Yeah she looks more masc noe griddy 
Amber Heard looks masculine...?
She used to look pretty girly before the "hey I am gay now"
"People, know this: if hatefucks are your good sex, you're having terrible sex."
because its part of her image
i also thought ellen page looks like a girl in the face, not a woman
idk
she is known for wearing the pantsuit
i just never thought ellen page was pretty
just avg
which is why she has no sex appeal to me
she's average but average isn't pretty?
oh ellen page
ignoring fatties
SexyMcSexington: she does nothing for me
not sure what yall want!
she reminds me of alison brie in that she also looks very young and not really sexy
she doesn't look masculine
i think she's pretty just not sexy but she's not exactly trying to be sexy for me
she looks pre pubescent 
Yeah that Mashakos 
ellen page has lesbian face structure
AtlasB: thjank you!
hidden by gracile nose
the puppet chin
she looks like a blah lesbian to me
true, ellen page looks prepubescent
always
has
i have already analyzed her
even before she was out gay
pretty sure people who are attracted to her are pedophiles
Man AtlasB you and your magical voodoo face magic
just never found her sexy or anything
its the lips chin and jaw
tammy bruce has it too
but retainsmarginal feminine appearance
Next  you are going to tell me that the dog actually has hidden cat features
teenage boy ratios and masculine jerk smirk
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/CnwW7w5L/
ellen page has a manjaw i think
awww she does have jerk smirk
note the puppet chin lines, wide jaw, vertical rations and small closer set eyes
its not magic
i think she looks fine
its righjt there in front of your face
cut her hair and remove the makeup
teen boy
Yeah ok 
she just doesn't make me want her in any way
That is true lol
i think its a bit creepy when men are attracted to her
lesbians you wish loved the D
filozof: i dont think that
http://cdn.girlhdwalls.com/wallpapers/portia-de-rossi/portia-de-rossi-4815-1680x1050.jpg
grddy if you ever do buy you better use me im serious
or at least interview me
lol
Haha
then ill have an excuse to meet you
i will!
i will PM you
lol
we'll go look at condos you cant afford
those pitching skills
an dlook in ppls closets
lmaoo
and drink wine!
its fun
Idk AtlasB we will probably not buy our house in philly
i love looking at houses i cant afford
i was talking to griddy
living the dream
Exactly
whoa BeyondTheLight 
AtlasB unloading dead weight on friends, hehe
there will be a home in philly
Hehe
ugh you guys distrracted me
i was lusting over Brian Sims
this is how we got here
he's the first gay man i wish were straight
AtlasB: will you get your real estate license wherever I move next and sell me a house?
You buying houses?
sur elol
you wanna move to vermont?
OMG
NH
I would love to live in Vermont
It's so pretty!
Or NH
That's where I'm going
actually i dontknow how ppl do that, i know everything about a three county area of philly but i dont know shit about anywhere else
Practically the same state
No sales tax, no income tax
i hear good things 
and bad thiongs
i think vermonts going to legalize this year
about NH
like pretty
Cheap land
but then also poverty
oh no othe rppls white poverty
My brother vacations in Vermont
Lowest gun deaths in the nation
dont care
lol
He lives in Mass
And sends me pics
Manchester is one of the best cities in the nation to build wealth in
It's so pretty there I get angry looking at pics
lmao AtlasB 
isn't NH an unattractive place to live in though?
maybe that's why its so cheap
You can get like 50 acres of land with a decent size house
NH has a lot of natural beauty filozof
Under $300k
It's just sparsely populated
filozof: https://www.google.com/search?q=new+hampshire&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwishorrnLvKAhUCyT4KHUWtDc0Q_AUICSgD&biw=1600&bih=775#tbm=isch&q=new+hampshire+scenery
look at that!
it's gorgeous
but prob has lots of issues with infranstructure
griddy: I'm so angry
looks pretty lovely
and empty
i'd probably get quickly bored with that
Maybe if you live in near Canada mooseland
hogwarts express in vermont! http://www.railpictures.net/images/d1/4/0/0/8400.1256452843.jpg
omg yes i want a lake house
Nothing wrong with southern New Hampshire
<drok> No sales tax, no income tax
Wtf
oregon is nice
my fav coworker has a house in Acadia Park in Maine
prette sure there's federal income tax though
he loves it
You'd just have to become outdoorsy filozof
I got very outdoorsy when we lived in Montana
Yeah that's federal
No state income tax
id love to move out west
No state sales tax
There's less than a million people in he whole state
but i think the caldera of yellowstone is going to blow
yes
the problem with gun laws is theyre federal
chicks and their addiction to fall, lol
I gonna have ducks
America is so friggin big
there;s that huge fault too
the state laws dont matter
you got tropics
you got marsh
you got mountains
Duck poop can be used as fertilizer immediately
and plains
Unlike chickens
whats that damn song
but i figure if they catch you popping soda cans on your own property you wont be bothere
drok NH sounds good
From sea to shining seaaaaaa
haha yes that one blowing 
drok, get an alpaca
Oh beautiful
Yeah
For spacious land
For amber waves of grain
And an alpaca
Spacious sky?
best fertilizer i ever saw lol
and they are nicer than ducks
ducks are assholes
For purple mountain majesties!
go 'murica!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRUjr8EVgBg  cry with me
But also duck eggs, and duck tastes good too
mmm duck eggs
i recently had turkey eggs, those are really awesome
i cant even listen to it for 1 second
are they good?
i was wonderign that
very
becaus eid love to raise royal palm turkeys
rich
I haven't had turkey eggs
AtlasB: i cri evertim
Duck eggs are good though
NH sounds good drok
look at these magestic dinosaurs https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/UmBkanIx/
But I think I would get lazy there
those are handsome birds atlases
Yeah it's pretty awesome BeyondTheLight
Like having it too good there haha
the first time i met a rooste rin person i fell in love with him
he was soo handsome and proud
i couldnt get over him
turkeys are cool
"look at these magestic dinosaurs " lmaoooo
social and curious
handsome and proud
For griddy ONLY https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/m5o4YOqW/New+Recording+7.m4a
that was going to be our nation's animal
if you saw their feet and their facial colorings, griddy, you'd know they were dinosaurs
stupid eagle won
Are ducks still assholes even if you handle them when they are young?
http://www.natureartists.com/art/resized/599_bantamrooster1.jpg
BLOWING YOU HAVE WON MY HEART
how did ppl not see they were dinosaurs right away
lizards lol
lol yep
dinosaurs arent extinct theyre small
they live in your yard
t rex didnt have little tiny hands
how did ppl ever think that
lol
idk drok, i never had a duckling
i guess they are dinos
theyre wing nubs
That serenade was for you griddy baby!!!
now that i am looking
i listened to it blowing
happywifelife: how dare you
because im a bad person who doesn't like directions
Yeah AtlasB they had feathers in the end
Hahaha
especially since dinos now have feathers
ugh dinos are ruined for me
I hope your volume was All the way up happywifelife
Nah
I prefer my Jurassic Park fantasy
you can look at an ostrich and see its a trex
I still believe Jurassic park
So you can hear my gorgeous singing voice
i only listened three seconds
sorry
drok+
drok++
Ohhhhh keep listening
blowing++
damn
you all deserve karma!
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/V2FfcSWD/New+Recording+7.m4a
what are those giant birds
from the lat 1800s
that dont exist anymore
in oceania
bobos?
dodos
moas
dodos!
lmao i said bobos
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-X4eldaXoJbA/TWB2BT7yDaI/AAAAAAAAA5Q/roD99gExE74/s1600/dodo.jpg
yeah that's basically a raptor
hi, im totally not a dinosaur https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/sDbh8YhF/
Yeah lol
booooooooooooooooooooooooo
we have these birds in sudan that are more intimidating due to how stupid they look http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2009/11/05/article-1225223-071422E0000005DC-170_634x374.jpg
LONG LIVE JURASSIC PARK
http://cdn.playbuzz.com/cdn/1b17d76e-4b66-4e92-b3e9-13329c3f2755/cd838bc1-09fa-4a13-b583-a97f16a2cc9d.jpg
^ that is the only truth
20 years old and looks better than today's CGI
true
i was watching Pearl Harbor the other day
and was thinking the same
this movie holds up better than some whack CGI blow up movies from today
how are effects studios today screwing up dinosaurs anyway?
they used mechanical props?
nobody's seen a dinosaur in the flesh, should be a cinch 
now it's completely CGI?
yeah true, a lot of the dinos in the first jurassic park were practical effects
Nice voice blowing :)
Blowing++
O right.
Thanks BeyondTheLight !
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Ka1OWu6w/IMG_8380.PNG
and then check out the shot above, they used rain and darkness to mask the CGI
Mashakos
Lol Barbie
pedo dino
Barney
gawd my boys loved that fucking dinosaur
Barney came to my 4th bday party
every photo of me is in tears
and hiding from him
good excuse to have a bloody mary at 9am
i was terrified
Lonny_Z: if you look closely only the legs are CGI
not sure about that, but perhaps
barney has dead eyes
barney has the satisfied smile of a well stocked pedo
and the dead eyes of one, yes
http://www.sciencealert.com/human-trials-will-test-freeze-dried-poop-pills-as-a-weight-loss-treatment
wtf
lmao
how the fuck does this shit get funding
fatties will eat shit to avoid the gym
the poop in poop out system
it just works!
would ya
would ya'll date this feminist? https://www.instagram.com/p/_tAoWbN1Ol/
she's post wall hag 36
http://www.digitaltrends.com/cool-tech/japanese-scientists-creates-meat-out-of-feces/
griddy: that's one special snowflake right there
she's as graceful as a drowning one-legged cat
Doesnt look attractive to me griddy 
word she's hurting mine eyes
fuck my internet is slow
eh, she looks twelve
zero curves
shes well preserved but look sold
she has the drawn lack of freshness
of the 30s
theres no way around it
i wish my wife looked sexy like that
corded neck
but i wouldn't date her, sorry, no feminists
yes no one would be unhappy if their 30s wife looked liek that
but she looks old
She does
she looks "great for her age"
she has less full cheeks
clearly
You can see in her face
right thats th eloss of youth
the los sof cheek volume ends neoteny
right
She's 36
I dont like her at all. Not my thing.
always interesting how you ladies see this so clearly
I just googled her
i agree she looks odler
than her younger self
but she's in good shape
I get her mixed up with her...
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Eav4oFWj/IMG_1410.JPG
the feminist ballerina? or who
ewwwww my eyes
buttttttt
that jaw though
there's not getting around the fact that she's still attractive
right griddy
but this blond woman with the jaw
who is that again?
she looks familiar
I'm a little scared
Yeah she is griddy 
is this her too? https://www.instagram.com/p/BAysJGmt1MU/?taken-by=jaime_king
she looks young here
oh, its not her
https://www.instagram.com/p/BAv77zbt1MW/?taken-by=jaime_king
i hate those pointy cheekbones on older women
no that's her friend
here she is younger : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/b7/a4/ed/b7a4edef5df7e296c0793e2e8d1b09b2.jpg
she had a fuller face
more soft
when she was 22
DAMN
I'd take that home
now she's just "skinny"
yeah, very pretty
i think she's actually thinner now
than she was back in Pearl Harbor
older women have to stop thinking going super ano is smart
you need some of that fat
to make you look soft
lol
interesting how she looks without makeup https://www.instagram.com/p/_xwtUot1Ht/?taken-by=jaime_king
mornign!
makeup is amazing wow
ooph
that face has seen battles
she looked sort of "okay" without makeup back then too TBH
it reminds me of how i found jennifer aniston attractive in the first season of friends the most
makeup has always done wonders for her
then her face got all body
bony*
before that, it was soft and full
ewww yeah
jennifer aniston is a perfect example
women age fast
of older women thinking being super skinny is the answer
Aniston's face needs some plush
and i love how they pay for fillers!
bitch just eat some beans!
http://cdn-img.instyle.com/sites/default/files/styles/428xflex/public/images/2013/TRANSFORMATIONS/1990-jennifer-aniston-567_0.jpg?itok=LsOWwKIo
vs this http://photos.laineygossip.com/articles/jennifer-aniston-sag-26jan15-04.jpg
M.I.A. still looks decent
she looks 40
but a good 40
also she's so cool
http://famouscelebsurgery.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/AngelinaJoliePlasticSurgery.jpg
the thinner she gets, the grosser too
http://thephoenix.com/secure/uploadedImages/The_Phoenix/Music/Features/MIA%286%29.jpg
is this her now?
angelina will turn to dust
no
philosopher
she's very very very thin now
she has a instagram filozof https://www.instagram.com/miamatangi/?hl=en
http://www.inquisitr.com/2720933/angelina-jolie-looks-alarmingly-skinny-while-she-gushes-about-marriage-to-brad-pitt/
thats her now
haha she looks like a 20 something
Angelina has been slowly withering away for the past 10 years
filozof: yeah she stays youthful because she's just a fun person
also she's smart
she got knocked up by a billioniare's son
some half black dude
set for life!
lmaooo
https://www.instagram.com/p/BASfIRZnXAy/?taken-by=miamatangi
i would tap that so much
i need a girl from sri lanka
its like she invented the elixir of youth
i think darker skin tones just seem to age better
she looks like she might get asked for her id when buying alcohol
also again she doesnt act "old"
ew anjolie is anorexic
that might be why i'm attracted to dark skinned chicks
filozof: planning for your future
smart
also maybe its the fact that dark skins are used to suns
lmaoo
and white skin gets all wrinkly from little contact with it
unless you're AtlasB 
who behaves like a vampire
and avoids the sun
isn't she non-white too
she's like the Cullens
filozof: eh, her skin is still pale as hell
she just avoids the sun
since the 80s or something lmaooo
is it?
i don't think so, she looks exotic to me
maybe, maybe
nontheless she's still taking precautions
LOL the cullens
mia is the kind of 40 year old that would get invited to a college party
does she sparkle in the sunlight?
witzie: yeah angelina makes me want to feed her
man
my phone is gone
probably stolen
some days
I hate this country!
i thought that once but it was in my pocket
i cant stop looking at mia
i want a wife looking like that when she's 40
happywifelife I have looked everywherwe
and called it
it is off
i hate that
and no where to be found
i tink i have the workout bug again
i never have my ringer on and i always llose track of it
i want to go home and do 4-5 miles
my ringer is always on
hubs always says call it
gr!!!
my phoen is on vibrate
nope
I was on
and the volume is turned up to loud
cause otherwise I cant hear it
and I get work calls on it
filozof: you're closer to sri lanka than any of us
go for it!
and damn that sucks susandeath !
:(
yep
definitely stolen
cause it doesnt ring when I call it
so its been switched off
is it an iphone?
do you have the "find my iphone" app
samsung s3 mini
ouch pre-jellybean
do they have a similar app?
doubt ut
to locate your phone?
its a not very smart smart phone
also
my wi fi was off
 <griddy> here she is younger : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/b7/a4/ed/b7a4edef5df7e296c0793e2e8d1b09b2.jpg
Cute one
I didnt even know about cell phones for half my life
and now I feel lost
this is crazy
aww 
yes i havent been in the sun since 1985
for more than a few minutes
My supermarket has some massive Sri Lankan shrimp
like getting to my car
They were expensive
But bigger than lobsters
Like you would eat one shrimp and done
im pretty sure i am set for skin cancer by now
So I guess I'm saying Sri Lanka has some good things
drok can they still be called shrimps if they are big
your skin must be awesome AtlasB 
lol, i get really dark now for an irish red heaad
I thought shrimp was a small thing
its good wrinkle wise
lots of other signs of age
color, age spots etc
but zero wrinkles
hi DG69 
I think so
Hey filozof 
i think as i age my only issue will be winkles
i already see them :(
creeping up from my eyes like a bitch
"So I guess I'm saying Sri Lanka has some good things" lol drok
I have decided to stop worring of I look old
*worrying
http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/01/e5/0c/dd/jumbo-prawns-for-dinner.jpg
smart susandeath it's unncessary stress
and stress causes wrinkles
so yeah good
drok that shrimp is frightening 
Woooooooooooow
Amazing shrimp
like in mozambique!
nice
this husky kills me https://vine.co/v/ibIzYnPjvVp
ew bugs
oops
lol
god i feel so hot today
heels make a difference yo
i love heels
the taller the better
but i nver get to wear them
we have an important meeting today at work
so i braved the cold and wore heels
i feel super attractive :3
my h would never let me wear heel sout without him
he doesn tliek them anyway
he says they make women look like they have pig trotters
hooves
Haha
we are the same heighth . he doesnt like me to be taller than him
Click clack
yeh
he imitates the hoof sounds
Like being shod
he already thinks women are pigs, that doesnt help
Gives a better (worse?) visual
11:35 AM <Sunhappy> god i feel so hot today
Sunhappy++
Love those days!
I had one last week. My ass was on point.
susandeath: remember? You had me change clothes to preserve the hotness over the weekend.
.ping
ok
hello
trying to liven it up
this better be earth shattering news
oh haha
no news lol
just pinging  everyone
i hate that bot
oops
i netted 407 calories yesterday and gained a lb
i dont understand
what are you eating?
im meticulously weighing abnd counting
high protein
very high
meat
ok
meat and salad
well thats the right thing to do
or meat and an apple
atkins high protein bar breakfast
i burned 500 cal doing step
if i dont lose weight ill get discouraged and eat candy
ive been perfect
yay
weighing food, counting not lying
awesome progress WingN 
WingN weight fluctuates a lot during the day and even from day to day
is it your exercise ?  building too much muscle?
im not building muscle from cardio i dont think
oh yeah that too
It could be water, or just random
yeh
the meats may have a lot of salt
but it happens every time
the key is long term consistency 
which would make you retain water more
then i abandon
just watch out for sodium intake
Just don't abandon!
:0)
i can tkeep depriving myself forever with no results
i know
i just feel frustrated
i get what you're saying
WingN: have you considered keto?
i used to lose 20 lbs in 4 weeks
Have you tried 'no scale' months?
i hear really good things
where you don't weigh for a full 30 days?
im on weight watchers i have to weigh in once a week
Oh
if i dont monitor on the scale i start slipping
5 lbs a week? isn't that a lot of weight loss in a short period of time?
do you eat their meals or make your own or both?
make my own and some other food
like take out
yeah
ok
like if we get pizza place
i get two hamburger patties and a salad
i weigh them
im being really good
that sounds really stressful :(
it just sems like exercise has been halting my weight  loss every time
i go up and down a lot
i've lost most of my stocky muscle from last year
but i always sorta do in the winter
im getting fluffy again, just in time to need to be in shape
i applaud you for actual exercise
i am by far too lazy
but whats th epoint
it does nothign for me
im still fat
hm
every day
im eating way below my tdee and bmr
will it get proportionately worse if you stop your routine?
i burn 300-500 cal in 30-40 minutes
i dotnknow
working out
an dmy weight just sits
I'm being perfect with the weighing food and calorie counting, and have an average 500 daily deficit.  The weight keeps going up, then down.  It's been holding steady for a week.
im just being fristrated
i know
i fluctuated up a lb
im trying to tell you not to give up
then theyll say "you arent eating enough"
and ill eat more
and get fatter
and dont sweat a pound
gr!
one little fucking pound
i have so much to lose its hard no to sweat apound
i can eat a whitmans sampler and gain a pound
yeah i know the wind goes out of the sails when you see the number
your deal is the weight, mine is the smoking
bleh
i used to sy i couldnt quit becuase i loved it
now i hate it and i still cant quit
i've stopped even sharing my efforts
i wish i could smpoke again and stop eating entirely
so fucking lame
thats the worst thing abotu diets, you HAVE to eat
i am literally seething and itching for a smoke
and its all in my head
im detoxed
if youre trying to quit heroin you dont have to take 3 little unsatisfying hits of heroin a day to live
yeh
right
you get used to smoking
certain times
it was so weird how i quit
when i need to reset my brain, i take three puffs and put it out
one day i went to work with a pack in my pocket
didnt take my smoke break
brian just quit too
and never smoked again
he had maybe three of mine, but he did the same
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/0SnpgOGK/weightloss.jpg
WingN what are you dressing your salads with?
See WingN?  The weight is up and down, but down over time.
http://www.buzzfeed.com/krishrach/men-in-india-dressed-up-like-atm-machines-to-protest-for-men#.hrX2OJ3Yyq
MRAs in India
and despire what Xemnas says
the article doesn't have a "feminine imperaitve" slant
I use a garlic viniagrtte 
I eat almost entirely meat
how much water do you drink?
Its not a few tsps of dressing
Couple 32 oz bottles
dang so you're good there lol
I have a ducky bottle I drink all day
Sucky 
Lol
Its because I'm old
Dressing gets tracked too?
My weigh in saturday
Everyything
I'm being really good 
My garmins tracking and I'm tracking on myfitnesspal and weight wstchers
You're type A I don't doubt your compliance. Just seeing if there's a missing piece. How much time  have you dieted in the last 5 years?
And are you pre or post menopausal?
peri
ive tried a few times but just lost it
my fault
i just give up
BUT
weight watchers changed its formula
to high protein
thats why im trying again
http://www.bodyrecomposition.com/fat-loss/of-whooshes-and-squishy-fat.html/
my h makes it hard to go on specific diet sliek ketp
keto
im just eating high protein and tracking
sounds like you're doing everything right
that would be frustrating
yeh heres the thing
Well, keto is great if you're inactive. It's a death sentence I'd you're actually active, which you are
back in the day
before the internet
ppl just went on 1800 cal a day diets
and lost weigt
hmm
with no hysteri aover composition
and all that shit
you went on a diet and lost wiehg
ti dotn know what fucking changed
but it has
you think ti's mind or matter maybe?
LandBeforeThyme oh yeh?
that its not enough to lose weight but to lose weight and look a certain way afterwards?
am i eating too much protein and not enough something else?
i think its in what you are eating
hoenstly
im eatingmeat
i can tbeliev eit
i CANNOT BELIEVe that your body eats 1000 calories
brian eats about 1/16th of the amount of meat i do
and doesnt lose wight
even if its 1000 cal of pure granulated sugar
i just dont beleive it
which im not
if you're only taking in 1000kcal 
but i still dont believe it
you should lose weight. that is weird.
its one day im just freaking out
ive lost 5 lb
which is great! :D
it was 6 lb 2 days ago
how much weight are you trying to lose?
a lot
not 50
not 10
something someone recommended to me long ago
was green tea
apparently it boosts your metabolism
that jus tpoops and pees stuff out
keto is for that
They are always saying the the weight loss groups that "weight loss is not linear".  It doesn't go straight down.
forcing the body to store resources differently
yeh well it used to
i used to go on a diet and lose wieght
real keto, not the atkins
yeah you really have to watch your macros
which not one person did 25 yrs ago
yet magically lost wieght
you mean to tell me 
if you ate 
1200 cal
of candy
a day
you wouldnt lose weight?
youd gain weight
lol
i dotn buy it
WingN if  you're progressing that's all that matters. Definitely won't be linear.
What's the difference between diets 25 years ago and now?  Processed foods?  More sugar?
Next time you plateau, check out reverse dieting. You go back up to maintenance to keep sanity for a few weels
i think people just really ate less
do you bring packaged snack food, sweets, tasty stuff into the house etc  
I can't buy any ot that stuff
because I'll just eat it all 
all stuff for my h i dont eat
like its torture
i dont liek chips
that's lucky for you
he can have all the doritos on earth
i wont touch them
I have to not bring prepared stuff into the house
but like hes demanding beef stew
or I'll just eat it 
ill just eat beef cubes
but i dont even know how to calculate it
he demands mixed together foods
you need the balance of protein, carb, fat
hm
i would make roasts and steaks
my coffee is carbs
mm coffee
it's all "eat meat eat meat" now 
yeh
my parents have stayed thin 50 years on vegetarian 
you may not like this
so ymmv
well "eat meat eat meat" is wrong too
but would you consider talking to a doc
other factors may be going on
just like all the rest
my dads a doc
oh lucky
yeh well, it made me refuse to go to a diff doc for 30 yrs
so
maybe not lucky lol
Protein is satiety; it works by turning off hunger pangs
yes
i like coffee to decrease appetite
thats why ive stopped eating candy
whcih is why i chug it
and then i like fatty foods within my kcal limits cuz that helps with hunger pangs too
meat is calorie dense though 
the minute i started eatign an atkins bar for breakfast my appetite disappeared
my family eats a high volume of food
low caloric density
witz right
and we al stay pretty thin
You could just have a one-pound poo inside you from all that meat
lord
had to be said though! lol
ive been more regular then usual
actually
lol
hmm
It's unquestionably also insulin resistance from hormones in meat and milk.
i jsu tDONT WANT TO BE FAT ANYMORE@!!!!
its so frustrating
its like
im being good, reward me RIGTH now
you too can do advanced high impact step aerobics and starve yourself an dgain alb!
how many pounds do you want to lose?
a lot
25
thats not too fat
Hahahaha you sound like the bitches who stop nagging and want their H's to be grateful! STAHP that's not who you are.
you see people losing hundreds
may be for her frame
Check out reverse dieting. Not now but for when you stall for real. Is there anyone you respect at WW?
no i carry it really well
thats the problem
thats why i inevitably gain
i dont get corpululent looking
just thick
how would i know anyone at WW
if i wanted to deal with ppl id leave the house
lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp22sPz_stw  look how hard this is
must be a sight seeign my big fat ass do that turning around tapping step
lol
it legit looks complicated
BThere are going to a lot of dumb people in this thread I imagine
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/420jym/is_possessiveness_an_alpha_trait_or_a_beta_trait/cz6onhv
what if you miss a move?!
its all over
throw yourself from the bridge
lol
lol
"What the feel is an unfair treatment of men"
they*
WingN you need someone you respect to hold you accountabile. If this time is different from the rest, you need someone to hold your feet to the fire.
you just marched r do basics til you can get back in
no i dont
thats what extros need
WingN: have you tried intermittent fasting
i need to flog  myself
i have tried it and it's really helped me in the past
Okay. So how will this time be different?
and hate myself
no griddy
if you read the comments
i dont think fasting is really a great or effective idea
female imperative everywhere
i'm not talking like 2-3 days at a time
i think depriving the body of nutrients is a horrid deal
oo i dont have this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZEewt9vlrs
i just mean leaving your eating to a small window
so like last night i ate around 8:30pm
or so
it's noon now. i'm not gonna eat until 6pm
RedManBearPig: im talking about the article
but when i do, i'll get all the kcal intake in that meal, so i'm not depriving myself of anything
i would fall over and die soon if i did that to my body
I just ate a massive plate of mac n cheese
there's a science to it, but i don;'t know it
i eat snacks all through the day, 
witzie you're killing me
article is harmless
lol witzie
Women do not respond well to IF. It throws hormones off balance. It may work well St first but it's very unsustainable
i had prime rib mac and cheese last night
fucking amazing
LandBeforeThyme: i don't do it indefinitely
i do it until i hit my goal weight and then go into maintenance mode
so usually 3-4 weeks
I randomly forget or don't feel like eating though 
like a lot of times I'll just eat dinner and not btoher with any other meals
and sometimes skip a dinner too
i need to lower my kcal intake. i think 1500 is too much
i need to get back down to 1200 or 1000
witzie that would be IF kind of. just skipping a meal
people who don't eat breakfast do IF
imma do this one tonight its so fun https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHVvhCzaIdU
yeah that's too much
too intricate! i'd panic getting the moves wrong
how long have you been doing step exercises?
10 years?
my h kept sabotaging me in the last two
i wish i had someone to exercise with
that would probably make it more doable
i also do the firm and kickboxing
i admire you stick to a routine
im real into kick boxing now
thats awesome
best shape of my life was kickboxing
but i was 30
well, my thihgs were huge
this is my fave one right now https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idrfz3GsPXk
i take it back
guys
what is the largest planet in the world?
you jack4ss
no wait
your mother
Lmao
You fell for it
leave her out of this
Haha
this is mor eintermediate days https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUn0Jk68lIs
i lov eher i wish shed do her own series
my mother is making me dinner as we speak, HURRRY UP MUM IM HUNGRY
i have like 100 dvds
i have 100 dishes
:(
theyre overflowing everywhere
noooo
eww
throw them out
hahaha
im so irritated right now that that's a great idea lol
anyway
later, i have to start chores
thanks for listening to me complain  guys
not something i do alot
the idea that masculine men arent possessive of their woman
is so insane
and mentally ill
i cant even comprehend it
they arent possessive from beta oneitis neediness
theyr epossessive because MINE
Yeah
It's cool. Contrary to popular belief, you are human.
Yeah
i understand TRP recommends certain things that actual are "alpha" things because betas do them with betatude
lik ebetas are possessive with whiny peevishness and fear
not to instill fear
lol
h
dont tell anyone
It becomes a huge turn off to women when its beta-possessiveness, based on insecurity
right
my h thinks men can just physically steal a woman
he doesnt think i have like a brain a mind or agency
a man will steal my like a car or a wallet
right
http://i.imgur.com/xdU4BN3.jpg
at least there's the sanders options
i mean all the options are kinda crappy
and why is a socialist a better option for us than trump
explain
but by god i cannot vote for hillary and claim i'm patriotic
they all suck
they should raise th evoting age to 35
and i am probably not going to vote for any of them
what EXACTLY is good about sanders
not hillary, not trump
and thats a good thing in and of itself?
irrespective of his ACTUAL views
no
thats why they all suck
and what he wants to impose on the country?
trump hits the right chords but is a better politician than visionary
electing hillary would be like electing palpatine
a lot of the republican candidiates i want to like but cannot
double downing on military intervention is dumb
and what kind of supreme court justices shoul dbe appointed in the next 8 yrs?
trump doesnt want to double military intervention
what do youthink sanders's sup ct nominees would be like
or hillarys
vs trumps or cruz
AtlasB: they should raise th evoting age to 35 <- lol would that change any election outcomes
not like young adults vote more than seniors
AtlasB: i dont even want to think of the supreme court nominess i'll cry
well
you think trumps nominees
would make you cry?
vs sanders or hillarys?
what about trumps attorney general
vs sanders or hillarys
http://i.imgur.com/xdU4BN3.jpg
trump is a devil worshipper
foreign opinions arent solicited
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
dwight dancing with angela
AtlasB: 
join me #trumpfreezone
he just swings her around haha
shes so small
atlasB i cant believe you like trump
why not
why cant you believe it
hes a crook
how
specificlaly
he once built an ice rink in NY, and didnt pay the contractors
he paid illegal polish workers to work for him
he went bankrupt
he has his own card game and reality tv show
loool
he just wants it all, and to stamp his name on the buildings
he's had like 3 wives
his attitude is wreckless
pretty sure trump is a liar 
his wild comments like "lets close the internet"
why are you focused on trump AtlasB
crap
i assumed Emily 
Charland was a bloop
but it doesnt surprise me that AtlasB likes him
and let loose
he just doesnt THINK things through
now I just reddit-stalked her and found this: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41nioz/sympathy_for_the_terper_a_lot_of_women_are_bitches/
yeh
i'm gonna have to apologize
:(
she is
i had to explain to her that thats why she was banned from RPW
well bloop sure
but not an evil bloop
just a stupid bloop
when he was bankrupt he made a book "how to stay on top"
that post seems a bit troll-y SerNemesis 
he is just a liar AtlasB 
yeah if that were her first post i'd have assumed she was a terp in disguise
bankruptcy is a business tool for restructuring debts
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41nioz/sympathy_for_the_terper_a_lot_of_women_are_bitches/cz41j5h
where the fuck do these people come from?
oh yeah the ghetto
SerNemesis: what would you say about having a 40 year old wife who looks like that https://www.instagram.com/p/BASfIRZnXAy/
SerNemesis: maybe. ghettos have a lot of alpha-behaving males
might explain why a lot of bloops cannot and don't understand beta rpers
yeah
they're too accustomed to not having their way among alpha-behaving guys
imagine if madscilove had been a stupid liberal arts girl
she would have become your typical bloop
i see emily's history. if she's real, she seems nice enough
yeah
i'm gonna apologize later
also by her history it seems a lot of ppl think rpw are males irl, 
even mrpers?
yeah lol
Lol why even care SerNemesis 
seems odd for bpers to think this when they're all about how it's completely normal for women to talk or behave like men
she is a bloop though
She is just a rando behind a screen
how would they be able to tell that a woman is actually male irl 
if they so strongly want to believe in tabula rasa
Why is she now worthy of an apology
Apologies should just be based on the event
bluepillers seem to be very closed to the idea of sympathizing with men and their struggle
Like either you did bad or you didn't
except feminized men maybe
whenever ppl say things about RPW
i think redpillers sympathize with women more than bluepillers sympathize with men
they havent even looked at it
i think they often have and they think it's a fantasy of redpillers
because no real woman would think like that
how can you blame them, they're surrounded by feminist shrews
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz6iw3s?context=3
look at what this guys says then go look at RPW front page
Hey redpillschool how's it going?
hey hey
it's going alright, how are you
enamored with 2048 haha
are you familiar?
fiat: seems odd for bpers to think this when they're all about how it's completely normal for women to talk or behave like men <- they can talk like a man if they want, but they better be prepared to get socked like a man
there's some misunderstanding. i'm saying that for people who believe in tabula rasa and the idea that there is no "feminine" or "masculine" way of talking
why would they differentiate and say that rpws write like men
Or that we develop that manner of talking due to socialization
socialization plays a massive part
but there's a reason its to be similar across most cultures
sure, that's a possibility, but some of us care more about the result than unfalsifiable causes
there's no way women are so different in looks
but not different in behavior an thought
it doesnt make sense in my opinion
causes are falsifiable though
I don't think we look that different
you can make sure both genders grow up in the same environment and see the results
Also there are men that look waaayyy more different from you
i think we do look different, men look gross
would not bang
Than a woman might
yes, but thats because i practically look lIKE a grl :P
And I a boy
:(
we should swap
please dont DG69 still looks girlier than boyish and i assume the reverse for you filozof
have you seen me?
SexyMcSexington cares about preserving the sexes of his friends
one time i left college and then came back DG69
and a friend had become a ms. friend
the game?
"um...i think i remember you...but you were a boy"
 I got addicted once
her: "yup!"
have a good strategy
i wonder how mine and dg's faceswap would look like
Lol sms
i posted this before, dg69, but i made a point about socialization earlier last year: http://assets2.motherboard.tv/content-images/contentimage/no-slug/cca5d5f986df595ab4d4c3be9b8702d5.jpg
a lot of ppl assumed the internet would change things because we can hide our genders
everything is anon
so a girl could pretend to be a boy. get the male xp chatting with others
imo from this word cloud and others, i'd posit that the internet would actually make things more divided
because of the way topics get clustered
i.e. an anon person who looks for tampon sales to be delivered every month also looks at certain tv shows which aren't necessarily masculine or feminine
man me, madscilove, architect, and SerNemesis are so close in the stats
it ends up grouping the girls together towards similar interests or it could make marketers change products/ads to suit demographic that tends to buy tampons (women)
i like the "mommy" wtf
I'm a little confused, how can you tell which gender is using which words?
AtlasB are you around?
DG69, look in that word cloud. if it's not obvious which is more feminine and masculine then let me give a more hypothetical example
i just ate enough cheesy mash for 3 people
a bunch of women go to a website talking about pregnancy or menstruation problems
wtf is cheesy mash
Morning!
people would overwhelmingly agree that the site mostly gets female visitors
sounds welfare-y
mash potato with melted cheese in it
would you agree with that, DG69 ?
oh
Yes
i thought it was obvious :P
Hello!
mash could cover a few things
ok, on that site's forums, you'll a lot of terms/phrases
How are you today?
that you don't find on masculine forums
Ok
and you know for sure those other forums are masculine because maybe that's how they identify when signing up
Pretty good. Work has been quiet which is always nice. How about you?
or maybe they are forums where most users talk about penis jokes
or erectile dysfunction, who knows
Hmm not "for sure" but ok
Ok got ya
the point is diff forums will have a higher correlation with certain words and phrases
and even a guy who DOESNT say things like "fuck" very often
or other masculine terms of phrases
Well that just makes common sense i think
might go to those forums anyway, because males are more likely to go to those places than females
DG69: facebook has an opengraph api
by association they start adopting them
and even females who don't say feminine things
you can use it to trawl public posts and then associate to basic FB data such as gender
and might not have without the internet
might still up in "feminine forums"
and adopt terms of speech and mannerisms of more stereotypical women
it ends up strengthening stereotypes
this factor wouldn't have existed without internet
haha, quiet at work usually means I'm not making money, but it can be nice sometimes. I'm ok, my breakfast didn't turn out as well as I hoped, it's kinda meh
so while people say internet will bridge the gap between genders it might actualyl strengthen certain stereotypes as well
What do you do? I'm a bartender
Yeah I could see that happening, I think girls will talk girlier if they think their audience is just other girls
Too fit in or whatever
http://mic.com/articles/132997/science-shows-that-having-a-beard-could-help-you-fight-sickness
this is why we need to destroy the internet
noooooooooooo
good point DG69, guys do talk more "guyish" than with girls
no no no
they censor around girls that aren't known to be cool
I am over the IT dept at a small company that does a lot of online direct to consumer marketing.
I also censor around girls that aren't known to be cool
damn uncool girls, ruining our fun
and having vaginas we still want to pork
Bitches
lol
So when things are quiet it means all the stuff is humming along and we are on track to finish whatever priorities the boss man has given us
I think the people on like mommy forums are way more likely to talk/act like feminine stereotypes
what do you think of the reverse? women chatting with othere women or with men
women are more likely, imo, to talk differently around guys out of manipulation rather than preservation
men dont want to get slapped, women want to paint you a picture
10:25 AM <DG69> I think the people on like mommy forums are way more likely to talk/act like feminine stereotypes <--- the correlations can be indirect. e.g. a lot of the people <gender withheld/> in facebook groups about pregnancy/menstruation might also be a significant demographic within other groups
Yeah, I can see how quiet would be nice then
those other groups being *less likely* to talk/act like feminine stereotypes
but nevertheless are influenced
the internet makes diff groups of people more likely to associate with each other
sure men and women are more likely to interact with each other too
but at the same time it's usually *more likely* that women have more feminine interest, some of which are nearly held constant
oh i see
like the aforementioned... tampons or whatever
i missed the context
at the same time, men are *more likely* to associate with each other online. 
so while it potentially allows women to behave more like men and vice versa without their bodies getting in the way
it also has the potential to cluster men together and cluster women together
also, before internet, a masculine-minded woman could continue behaving the way she has
without as much feminine influence
she could buy her tampons, get knowledge about pregnancy issues and other feminine stuff
from her mom or other local women
or from library, whatever
without feminine influence from online
an internet that will increasingly feed you other stuff that data -mining algorithms determine she might be interetsted in "as a woman"
That's interesting
e.g. I could suffer from erectile dysfunction and look something up on google
google ads decides that i might be interested in these other masculine topics
without provocation. 
that's just a simple example
Right
And you click on it
Stereotypes reinforced
thats marketing though
yes
it's not something that came from nowhere
i'm not saying it's wrong. i'm just hypothesizing on how internet might not "break stereotypes" like some people  are hoping
aw
ah*
yes
agree
actually I saw an article from google the other day
where their algorthims have started to encase people in "internet bubbles" so to speak
like for a friend of mine
yes, internet bubbles... it's manifested in things like that word cloud i linked
yeah
it's not only gender bubble
it's also about political views for example
and then you kind of end up in an internet circle jerk
it's very easy to just filter what you get
and see the material that reinforces your views
right filozof there are plenty of other stereotypes/archetypes being reinforced. strong net cliques
lo_andbehold: what'd you make for breakfast?
gender is just one dichotomy/kind of grouping
because the google search algorithim isnit finding the none reinforcing things
i think it was a bit harder when you used tv mostly
now you can just look at blogs/news sites/forums that agree with you
and become more and more entrenched in your views
without the internet, it would be harder to make a website like thinkprogress
now the level of entry is much lower
Eggs and fake sausage patties with a nice big cup of fat coffee (buttered coffee) 
but that's kind of a good thing too, it's harder to control it
easier to pass information that a controlling entity doesn't want you to pass
which has drawbacks of course, like chld porn
instant gratification though, most people are too lazy to research and verify
What are fake sausage patties?
the google algorithim encourages circle jerky things
I'm a vegetarian
anything you want is one clic away
So it's not real meat haha
Yes, filozof 
Ahhh
Dude, I remember a few months ago, i clicked on one ppd link and fell asleep
I'll probably make something else later
when i woke up, youtube had cycled through dozens of MRA videos
yeah it's interesting how most people just upvote things on reddit based on headlines
articles are too long to read
i remember once on r/politics there was an article on the front page with a sensationalist headline
i dont understand the idea of eating the fake meat look a likes
and a completely unrelated content
if you dont want to eat sausage, why do you want to eat fake sausae
it's the same when i click on a feminist link
why not just eat something else that gives you the same nutrition
I used to feel the same way for a very long time
after some time it just cycles through dozens of videos of the same thing
But then I tried a few fake meat products and they weren't bad
its like a huge marketing ploy
very easy to get caught up in circlejerks
I've had very little real meat in my life, so I don't feel like it doesn't measure up
If that make sense 
EAT BETTER - Here's some weird overpriced version!
oh it doesnt measure up lol
trust me
it happens all the time
Heavy cream is super nice in coffee too
haha, I wouldn't know
We have friends over once a week for dinner and two of them had been vegetarians, but had started eating meat, and then went back to it. I try to cook something nice for them, but I don't know how many times I have thought I had something good and realized that it needed something like chicken broth and i didn't have a suitable replacement. Now I keep some
cans of a fancy tomato soup around incase I mess up. 
I loveee heavy cream in my oatmeal 
hell yes it is landbeforethyme
tumblrinas/tumblrfems are in a circlejerk
i drink 40% whipping in mine
Starting to eat meat this late in the game would be a rough transition for me
its not for everyone
I had bacon once by accident and just a bite had me feeling sick the whole next day
some people are healthier and feel better without it
I should spend less time online
TRP is a circlejerk too
I didn't consent! It was slipped to me on a sandwich in a dark bar
the point is to give the brain nutrition, carbs, fat, protein
great
meat rape
this chat less so, but sometimes people are scared to disagree i think
bacon rape
i bet you were wearing a short skirt
slut
DG69 i don't think it's just a problem with internet. imo, it's just something that happens naturally when populations grow large and you have more and more services to 
make our lives more convenient
look at online dating
hahaha
i'm sure not ALL women are that superficial
but when you have results like 10k different men
and you need to fiilter to make your life more convenient
and you have filters on stuff like height and income
ofc you're tempted to use it
that's not a conspiracy, it's an accidental conspiracy at worse
reinforced by need for convenience
same with what we were talking about earlier
i don't think all ads are malicious
even ad companies prob think they are just providing convenience
idk about that
i dont think they dont know
the destruction of tight communities and positive traditions, a lot of it is deliberate, sure
a lot of it is bad policy
but some of it also just comes down to modern convenience
I feel like I eat really well in theory, just not for me (and my goals) personally. I stop before getting too full, lots of veg and fruit, I drink plenty of water. Though my diet is probably a little carb heavy for most people 
it's so easy to move now
and adapt to new places
due to new technologies
it would have been scarier in the past, not now
and it's only going to become easier
what does your fat and protein come from?
Why don't you think you eat well for your goals?
Brb
filozof> this chat less so, but sometimes people are scared to disagree i think
pussies
thats on them
unless theyre women or extros who believe insults are "disagreement"
like "youre being a baby"
in which case they should be scared
AtlasB++
to women or extros "oh yeh? well youre fat!" is a proper argument against "2+2=4" if they dont like it
http://www.returnofkings.com/76935/why-is-the-race-of-harry-potters-hermione-being-magically-changed-from-white-to-black
http://www.returnofkings.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Noma-Dumezweni-574x345.jpg
lol
one of those things is prettier than the other
why did they choose a lady with a horse face?
jesus
she smiles like a donkey with gagging up grass
that thing on th eleft is going to play hermione?
omg that looks like a monkey
racist?
hm
ololol
yay
so filo what does it mean to be "afraid to disagree"
I eat a lot of eggs, tofu, nuts for protein. I love butter and oils like coconut or avocado. I'm trying to gain weight! 
lololol
what do you think "some people" are afraid of happening?
just say that thing in the right, not the left
oh yeh
harry potter seem satrocious anyway
I like harry potter
all of the actors for the play look really old
harry, ron, hermione, 
they are supposed to
i wonder how they're doing the makeup for that
its after they are adults already
i guess it doesn't matter since stage makeup is so caked
oh, the play is for when they are grownup, i see
" <AtlasB> so filo what does it mean to be "afraid to disagree"" it means i observed it
observed what exactly
thats not meaning
what exactly have you observed as "fear of disagreeing"
weve had four hour liong abortion debates in here
no one should be "afraid" to "disagree"
I dont think people are
not sure if fear is the right word
no because he doesn t mean disagree
when I am on in the morning there are plenty disagreements
but yes, i'm sure i observed some people not wanting to disagree
he means "obnoxiously an dpersonally attack atlasb and 'stand up to her"
really
oh
like all ppl of his type
mean
well thats silly 
how has this manifested itself for you to observe it
dont be cagey now
Yeah fiat online dating isnt a conspiracy
" <AtlasB> he means "obnoxiously an dpersonally attack atlasb and 'stand up to her"" - i assume you think i did that
I was doing this little okc thing in afterdark
And I saw myself getting pickier
so what have you observed
that indicates fear of disagreein filo
Just because you have so many options so I dont blame wmen for it lol
people will just get defensive if i say it
I think you should just say it now
lololololol
coward
no, i dont feel like debating it
not worth the effort
oh my god
really
waspish
you gonna pull one of those
oh this is a thing
whatever
who cares
but I wont give you any examples
cause its not worth it
he knows what im saying is right
Just do it filozof no one cares lol
pfft
susandeath++
roflol
and doesnt want to stand by it now
always happens
yeah
like hackey
classic
im sure in the mythology now
hi buartha
all blushingpancake did was "argue with me"
and she got banned
you know
for disagreeign!
she asked to be banned
like every dumb cooze who gets banne do n RPW
Heyyy witzie 
Just do it filozof no one cares lol
For example people in the trpchat care a lot when you call them on their shit
Take the fact that older men conceive more children with autism
Fagtheros didnt like it
"this club is terrible to people who disagree" = "this club doesn't let you make random flailing false statements and refuse to back them up"
hahahah fagtheros
nah really filo dont
i dotn really care what you think about anythignm anyway
But muhmuh masculinity is in danger
i just wanted to see if youd have the balls
Fuck off lol. This is a biotroof
What balls AtlasB this is the fucking internet its not as if they will send a hit man aftrr him or that he cant get in with a new username
we love disagreements filozof
Lonny_Z
Lonny_Z++
.karma
(^_^)
:)
Sounds good overall. Certainly do a little sleuthing into soy products; concerning phytoestrogens
Yeah, it's just a matter of getting myself to eat more at this point
Well
No disagreements that aren't backed up
Like weirdlemonade used to do as well
right
like hackey
i hate his guts
who is hackey?
Hackey is a little bitch witzie 
For as much as INTP annoy the shit out of me, at least they argue
The weirdo eats in his library because he is afraid of his roommate
iirc, witzie called him out on being able to punch through a 4x6
I really  enjoy now foods egg white protein powder with chocolate milk. That's easy to sip on while you work too
Oh shit
no that was someone else
I don't mind him as much although that was retarded
Yeah that's right
that was the same guy, wasn't it?
was it?
oh that
different username on IRC and ppd
but same guy
wait no way
that was hackey????
 I remember the discussion after
what was his name
intrepid or something?
his irc username was something like justeat<something>
You mean trpshil?
O yeah hackey
No that was the other guy
Justeat is hacey
hackey = reddit, justeatstuff = irc
i forgot but i remember the dude linked to his arguments on ppd
Who came in just to talk about his problems
I vaguely remember someone called justeatstuff
but 2 by 4 argument wasn't justeatstuff
Trpshill drok
he basically told us he was hackey, witzie 
Are you sure?
The one who lost his indian gf?
shit fiat
that makes me happy
I thought it was a different name
and it wasn't 2x4, it was 4x6
knowing he was that dumb
and yeah, it was 4 by 6
this is a great day
the retardes get retardeder
I thought it was the one where all the females went and told the guys to help him
And wazzup was there
Being weird
I thought it was that guy
That sounds great, I'll look it up. I use something called suppli-med, it's a pretty basic weight gain powder that I add into milkshakes and whatnot
that guy
hahah
I remember drok
When I put security in the bot
you told us women we were all being female
And he went to #ppd because he couldn't get in but wanted to blather about himself?
yes
he had oneitis so bad that guy
But eventually he got in here
Trpshill right?
ok, sorry, maybe my memory was wrong then. wasn't JusteatStuff canadian
yeh
East Coast canadian
Yeah hackey fiat
Justeatstuff = hackey
wth witzie, i could have sworn that was the guy
This was someone else
the 4x6 slayer
Same dude
Lol
What is 4x6 fiat?
I'd believe it fiat I just didn't know
but I could totally believ ehackey being that dumb
a beam used in building BTL
some guy claimed he could break it 
BeyondTheLight: some guy was claiming he could break a 4x6 wood beam
4in x 6in
with his karate strikes
using some kind of martial art
not break boards designed to break
Looool
Basically he must have gone around beating up trees
but actual beams used to support houses
Was he serious?
Literally knocking them over with his fists
didnt he also say he jumped on them?
martial arts mysticism
https://twitter.com/DColacho/status/690232397418332160
witzie's dad said the best thing
No fucking way fiat
Loool
wiztie
4x6 is a fucking tree
witzie
remind us what your dad said
yeah susandeath 
lol
https://twitter.com/DColacho/status/667734155736797184
let me look it up
Drok did the kid come from rpw?
I don't remember
the only trees i'll believe people are beating up are banana trees
Other people were already talking when I got here
If he did its trpshill
banana trees walk
I wouldnt beat them up
hey AZK
Dude has onenitis for the indian girl he broke up with lmao
they would walk to your house and get revenge
Hey, happywifelife!
the fuck is this bardolotta?
ok it was kalse
and here was y dads quote susandeath 
"oh witzie, you don't understand, the swish chop artists are special.  It's not about force or physics, it's about focusing your mind.  Tell your friend that a lot of focus is lost between fist and mind, and if he really wants to smash the 4 by 6, he needs to use his head."
yaY
Haha
Witzie's dad++
was kalse hackey?
No
Kalse is someone else
Idk who kalse is
Was some dude eith no life goals iirc
.add quote witzie> "oh witzie, you don't understand, the swish chop artists are special.  It's not about force or physics, it's about focusing your mind.  Tell your friend that a lot of focus is lost between fist and mind, and if he really wants to smash the 4 by 6, he needs to use his head."
He literally described himself that way
.quote add witzie> "oh witzie, you don't understand, the swish chop artists are special.  It's not about force or physics, it's about focusing your mind.  Tell your friend that a lot of focus is lost between fist and mind, and if he really wants to smash the 4 by 6, he needs to use his head."
no life goals?
was kalse also canadian
were they not the same
was he atleast living like a proper hedonist?
what's shaking
ok if they weren't the same then my memory just failed me on that. my bad
Oh, not much. I finally rolled out of bed and am having my morning coffee. :) How about you?
i'll be honest. the only indian americans that stand out to me and i remember at this point are SerNemesis and SexyMcSexington. The others aren't on enough
Just some drugs and lying in home all day as far as I know RedManBearPig 
dirty curryeaters
So not even a proper hedonist
man he could atleast go out and get himself fucked by some bears
maybe a lazy hedonist
if you take the "no goals" lifestyle atleast do it proper
avoiding folding the laundry lol
He could donate money to me 
I need some funding for my solartower
now i want a sloot towe
a tower made entirely of sloots
https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/180031-an-unfamiliar-city-is-a-fine-thing-that-s-the-time
man this room used to be so happenin'
hmm too long
:(
i think it's geeat ppd is busy
but i don't really have much in common with most o the topics
A lot of the RPW migrated solely because the fact that others were, so PPD does get a lot of the action.
yeah
yt PPDBot 
Sounds morbid SexyMcSexington 
I would prefer s harem but alright
A tower is useful
For climbing
And seeing
It's a lot more quieter in here than it used to be, for sure.
*more quiet
i miss the mix, tempy, wing, phantom, topics,
oh well
aww
idk i think rpw is busier at certain times of the day, just not throughout
sure
how long have you been around the chat sunhappy
i was gone for a long time
well a year
since May or June of last year
it was a lot of growing pains haha. i'm still learning
we all are
even old farts like me
ok, am i actually incorrectly believing that there is definitely starvation happening in the US?
is that some nonsense i read  and its not actually true
wingn
put down your mascara 
and tell me the truth 
lol this guy https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/420w7x/ltr_rp_men_gaming_other_women_what_is_the_rpw/cz6r0xw
I don't think anyone is ACTUALLY starving in the US. o_O
food is fucking everywhere in the US
starvation like your body shutting down or consuming itself to survive, is virtually nonexistant
Xemnas81's answer in that thread. NOPE, never reading PPD again.
"food deserts" mean there are inadequate amounts of grocery stores or the like in your community/neighborhood
PPD on website
nice reply phantomdream
http://www.wehuntedthemammoth.com/2016/01/20/red-pill-redditor-dating-a-rape-victim-is-like-dating-a-pedophile/
but that doesn't entail starving. if so, there would be mass graves in urban areas 
and no obesity
ok
thank you
not being rude to you
no not at all, you arent rude
i like it cut and dry
but i've heard that from others in DC and it drove me insane lol
cuz i work in poverty work and people use numbers to tell themselves whatever
https://twitter.com/DColacho/status/648482300053880833
do you think that statement is based on the statistics for food charity?
it's making me bitter
https://twitter.com/DColacho/status/540898400078925824
Malnutrition I can see.
oh i see
Starvation, no.
yeah, i can see that
Haha it was kalse?
or lack of food options, for sure
The male ENFP?
wtf is this bardolatta?
ok that's the core of it for me then, the malnutrition
he's a columbian aphorist
dead
Thanks happywifelife 
Zero food at all? Not a possibility (except for maybe the occasional family who genuinely cannot afford to feed their kids).
MRP just drives me nutty
lol
We even have SNAP, so people can afford food when they're too poor.
We practically give food away for free.
snap, wic
Malnutrition is an issue. Starvation isn't. Hiring logistics peeps to head up food banks is a key ingredient.
food is subsidized
hell, we have farmer markets here every sunday where they just give you samples. i can't imagine that happening in poor countries
11:21:42 <+fiat> i'll be honest. the only indian americans that stand out to me and i remember at this point are SerNemesis and SexyMcSexington. The others aren't on enough
ironically, that very subsidy is destroying something very important
where starvation is a real thing
Kalse aerobus
thank you sunhappy
i appreciate your actual experience in your answer
And then females include rialuxe and itsnadya (half Indian)
i know aero, obv, but he's not really on ppd
it's like stats saying that poverty in the US is equal to that in a third world country
and i just like
when have they been on?
not on ppd irc anymore, and only sometimes on the subreddit
i like aero though
roll my eyes into the next universe.
We are incredibly spoiled and just can't see it.
funny, in ppd chat there was just a topic going about how the internet effects things
Our people are poor, but they're not third-world poor.
There's a lot of food that goes to waste if there's not coordinates ground efforts. But when Walmart and other groceries work in conjunction with the local banks and they in turn use social media to spread the word, it's. Beautiful thing.
i saw that somewhere and it stuck
like these thoughts are coming from tenured academics
lol
who went to yale
thatcher had a good remark on this regarding the west
oh?
link
((source: hub in logistics and trucking))
ICYMI https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz6c7wp
We do have a ridiculous amount of homeless people, but it still pales to third-world, IMO.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdR7WW3XR9c
and it explains why progressives in the states still think poor people here are poor
wow
i mean, we have free and reduced lunch in the states. we have up to 33,000 in federal and state subsidizing the poor
from housing to food vouchers, to tax benefits for having kids
$33,000 i mean
In FY 2011, total means-tested spending going to families with children will be about $470 billion. If this sum were divided equally among the lowest-income one-third of families with children (around 14 million families), the result would be around $33,000 per low-income family with children. 
http://www.heritage.org/research/testimony/2012/06/welfare-state-69-means-tested-programs-and-940-billion-in-annual-spending
jesus 10 mill
er excuse me
10 trillion
on welfare
means-tested welfar
so i just laugh when people say starving or absolute poverty is in the US as a whole
what does that mean
means tested
?
means tested means there are qualifications for eligibility
like income
or assets
ok
what is it that you do?
personally, i think means test are regressive in some ways
in a general non doxxing way
because it doesn't help people get out of poverty, but actually forces them to stay
oh
the welfare system and it's projected growth are absolutely terrible
i am an economic inclusion policy specialist
yes
i agree
so many states are eliminating the need for asset tests in things like SNAP or TANF which i support
but i think they should be time limited
absoultely
instead of means tested. like you can't have snap indefinitely
and you can't reapply for it within a certain amount of years
people used to be ashamed to ask the government for money
it should include a sliding scale of benefits, indexed to inflation and based on the number of folks in the household who would receive it
now they get all dressed up and drag their 8 kids in
i don't think people should be ashamed for asking for help
no
i dont either
the general welfare is in the constitution preamble
but i don't think it should be encouraged
and it should be used as a last resort
im talking about the spirit of wanting more for yourself
not plan b
ah
right
yes, thats what i call it
plan b
i'm against most public benefits though
And we've disowned nadya
well, my hubs is permanently disabled and receives benefits and money
i'm against unemployment insurance as designed
but he doesn't fuck around and be lazy
he wants more
i think benefits for persons with disabilities, the elderly and children < 15 make sense
yes
We probably should have just honor killed her
well
i think the current SSA programs for disability is shit though
drok++
children is a highly exploitable thing in this country
SSI has ridiculously strict asset tests only changable by Congress
just go ahead and name your 9th one "cash"
and it's like 700 for an individual. if you work, you get off
or worse, backpay. it's wrong
ssi is a mother fucker
SSI for children is even worse
they can go suck a dck
oh i know it
because it affects the economic moblity of a whole household
if one child is on SSI
parents can't save for ANY other kids
yep
because the asset test applies to household not individual
you cant save anything ever
at all
lets say
your brain is magnificent but your body has failed
you can not use your brain to get something of value
right, that's depressing.
or good bye medical
you can contribute but your hands are tied
RIGHT
which is the primary reason many get on SSI, they automatic medicaid
so now you have to sneak
so when i was lobbying to chagne the law
and they know you are sneaking,, they send people to spy on you
to increase or eliminate that, they coudln't do it
because to update the asset test would increase the medicaid rolls and the cost would be in the billions
as compared to 10 trillion in welfare
?
lol well these were Dems and Republicans saying this
this is why i live in the woods with no neighbors
lol
it was a bipartisan bill for a while
but then our chief champion on it left congress so that was screwed
it'll be dealt wtih when we address entitlement reform
God, sometimes i miss policy work
you seem to have faith in the system
ehhhh
depends on the systems
no?
some parts are flawed, others aren't
take housing
many advocates wanted to eliminate the downpayment requirement for mortgages
saying it discriminated against minorities with less savings
i'd push back saying, don't treat minorities like children
encoruage them to save
i'm pretty suspicious of my government when they allow (dangle) the likes of D. Trump as an actual candidate. I pretty much think its all a crock of shit 
promote local business development, etc
Aye drok, am not normally on the honour killing bandwagon, but she broke a sacred bond of trust when she lied on irc
well thats an actual solution
there are roundabouts. the housing finance system makes sense in some ways and not in others
i think trump is an actual credible candidate
ok
ebcause he appeals to a large segment of the United States that, frankly, has been neglected
why's that
which is white working class males
between 35-55
Aw, man, I guess I'm going to a funeral sometime soon.
post recession, lost much of their retirement wealth, housing values, their jobs they've had for decades but are now aged out of the industries
and people act like their needs aren't legitimate
and they are
and i think personally that as America moves to a minority-majority nation, the needs of "white" people will have to be addressed
because they'd now be a minority
oh no, aZombieKitten i'm sorry
isn't RedManBearPig indian?
fuck no
idk why i keep thinking your asian!
i'm sorry :O
I'm white, but black on the inside
i know he's saying things to "inspire" that set of votes.  he's also saying some other highly fucked up shit
they all say inspiring things
define fucked up
our immigration system is broken. that's a fact. all the advocates know it
it is bringing in crime. that's also a fact
yeah he says some inflammatory stuff
but no more than other politicians have said
it's cuz he's not apologetic about it
im not concerned really with the apologizing
words dont really mean naything
and thats the heart of my point
they do in policy
ok
well, policy development
so if trump is like, i want to build a wall on the US mexican border
we will have to disagree on that
that could likely become policy
it's not just crazy talk
so is nadia banned for lying? 
right
Haha I love it when you and sunnie are vicious about it
but it is crazy talk
I like asian food though
or are there charges beyond that
thats the problem lol
he's nuts
buartha: ^
i realyl dont' think he's nuts
no more than any other candidate
and being dangled in front of us just like obama was
i just think we are too easily distracted
Taking up so much time on her lies, and then being smug about it
Clinton thinks that doing "need to know" policy actions on the level of secretary of state from her gmail account is "okay"
and not made of much character anymore
she said that the benghazi situation wasn't "a big deal"
i hate her too
lol yay
Obama
lawd
girl
dont' get me started on that man!!!
dont even get me started
haha jinx
haha
i think obama is an effective campaigner
yes
sure
and they will be teaching about that for decades
policy wise
one of the weakest presidents ever
imo
jive shucking jazz loving smoked a little pot talker
they fed him to us on a silver platter
in terms of rallying his party
lol
irc liars should all be honor killed
i was an intern at the House during healthcare reform
oh really
saw Pelosi and Hoyer and stuff
on a weekly basis
jesus you are interesting
that man was so out of his fucking depth
lol
either he is just naive and thus not fit for the office
he's no one from no where who never did nothing
or he has the most incompetent team
he made councils for everything
then didn't implement any of their suggestions
like any
I agree
that 4x6 guy also
?
Honor killing++
give them a cigarette and a sunny wall to lean against
could we prosecute irc liars for wasting our time? small claims court maybe? 
simpson bowles comes to mind
the FELC
financial education leadership council
all his buddies in the cabinet are just policy players
but they don't do anything
my old org would submit time and time again suggestions on demostration projects for education and savings for LMI groups
andt hey'd take the ideas
host roundtables
I could have watched so many reddit cat videos in the time I wasted talking to nadia
publish blogs (omg seriously)
do fucking nothing
wow
and i met with DOL, Ed, HUD, HHS, OMB, FLEC, and so forth
they legit would beg these lefty groups to give them ideas
he'd add it to his speeches and things in various ways
but he didn't act on any of them
for TWO YEARS
talk talk talk
it was all talk
we love the ones that can speak
"healthcare for the folks"
which omg
what a mess
for the folks?
what good is it having a 70/mo premium
when your deductible is 7500??
oh
no doubt
and if you don't get healthcare, cuz you're fucking healthy, they TAX you 
lol
it doesn't reach all americans still
the damn website didn't even work for weeks
my hubs' buddy's parents just received a 9 grand bill for not purchasing health care
Eh we let sweyn back after 4 times lol
this man appointed a Chief of IT for teh white house
some of the greatest IT minds of the generation
I think nadya can be back here for the heck of it
they fall just above the line and cant afford the specific care they need
Did that guy get banned yet again?
can't put together a website
right
are you serious, BeyondTheLight 
He is back
and then small busiensses are forced to comply
yes
or they're dinged too
He was online just today 
which hurts businesses just struggling to make payroll
"but tehy can give vouchers!!"
Or yesterday idk timezones and shit
which is only like up to $400/mo
per employee
witzie: I could have watched so many reddit cat videos in the time I wasted talking to nadia <- this is the true cost of liars
so if you're old and you have a premium of $1200 cuz your partner is sick in some way, and get a 400 voucher, that's just 1/3 of your issue
yup
protopill and AtlasB can prosecute our irc liars for us 
basic shit 
my hubs would be dead if not on ssi
win us compensation for our lost cat video time
but he's like "now more americans have health insurance"
yay
it's not the whole truth
that frustrates me
and then he's a terrible party leader
I will necklace any African liars
i was legit in the caucus room when some house member on the dem side said "i'm a blue dog democrat. my district is mixed"
"if i vote for this bill i will lose my seat"
and he was like "this is what americans want"
susandeath++
lol
took 1 hour to answer 2 questions during an open q&A during a closed press caucus meeting
so he didn't have to doing any posturing
he still was delusional behind closed doors
does nadia want to come back
clinton had to come in and protect dems
and they still suffered the most embarrassing electoral defeat in decades
I dunno
and they kept pelosi (what the fuck) and still said obama was a god
I wonder if Sunhappy hears from her anymore
it makes no sense
i was pinged
no, she removed me from facebook and didn't answer my texts
i wish this was the hunger games so someone could just shoot an arrow 
lol
ah
lol AtlasB I love ryan and kelly at the end 
i'm not phased lol. but yeah, kind of silly
alpha widowwww
andt hat's just healthcare
forget transportation, ESEA reform which passed under the table
what is it about trump that makes you think you won't be just as angry at a chump in 8 years?
after 7 years
trump, in my view, i could be wrong
a year in the life of an alpha
https://twitter.com/AngieBrenshaw/status/690016106824663040
he would likely focus most of this presidency on american business interest and immigration
which is the federal govt role anyway
and leave the rest of stuff to the states
i don't see him getting super involved
in the social movements
What was even worth lying about? I don't know the story (seem like i dodge most drama), but i didn't hear anythign really worth lying about
do you see any legitimacy to the fear over his immigration numbering and tracking?
trump has said word for word things hilter has said. he's a raging nationalist. what's fascinating about him is that he's very appealing to black people -- with promises of protections, etc. 
i see him more as an influencial leader, vs policy 
virginity? was that it.
I think so
yeah there's tons of legitimacy in it
thats what im getting at
most americans are nationalist
so he has some actual powers to be productive
Yeah it wasnt fiat lol
but
Nobody cared
there's nothing inherently wrong with nationalists, so long as it doesn't become extreme
its already extreme
how?
have you seen the weevil he wears on his head
lol
LMAOOOOO
What annoyed people was that she was like hurrdduurduurr trolled yall good
he's like a fucking cheap car sales,an
i think i'm getting sick :( my throat hurts
saying things to rile a set 
still think everyone should move to twitter
all presidents say things
to rile someone
the issue with nationalism, bigotry and lack of education aside, is that it's 100% untenable. you cannot put the cat back in the bag. 
yes
sure
twitter sucks
so there's a scale to that
obama said most americans cling to guns and religion. that wasn't fair
and a history to match
I have at last count 22 followers
he said that to be successful in this country, you need a college degree
and we are going to vote someone like that in
to america?
only 30% of the workforce has a BA
america
that's just rude 
and the only think I ever tweeted was something about dropbox so they would give me more space
twitter is trash
you do need a degree
his wife implied she was never proud of america until her husband was running or some shit
:((
what are those 22 people following?
all offensive to someone
you really don't though
its a soundbit popularity contest
disagree happywifelife . you need skills. the trades are in dire need of people. 
that's a progressive lie
it's the same as a chatroom really
but much larger
skills are more valuable than a degree
its worse
oh i know LBT
i dont have one
the majority of middle america don't have a degree and are fine
im a worker
wage stagnation has more to do with people pursuing a degree
than its actual value in the workforce
no thanks bardolatta
we had a troll issue here
to play this system to success, you mostly have to start out somehwere that wont look at you without one
or you have to go rogue
I can only imagine twittter would be 7 million times worse
tuition is ridiculous and the work force wont take you w/o 
tuition is ridiculous
i've seen people get hired by offering themselves as a temp for 60 days. no risk for the employer, and they stick out of the crowd. 
ebcause the Dept of Ed removed the means test
for student loans
and states have reduced school funding over the last 30 years. so universities can continuously jack up costs
my old boss in sales for a major truckng company took a gamble on me with no degree
because students will pay it via loans anyway
SL's are a bubble, as the exact same shit as the housing bubble. EXCEPT you can't repo a shitty degree
i was lucky 
the burden is removed
right
brb
i need more coffee :O
hmm my dishwater is cold
man i just dont want to them
put on some great music and power through? 
buy paper plates and say fuckitall? 
lol
i usually dont mind just today i feel like doing nothing
and  i did that yesterday too
the cold zaps my energy. no amount of vitamin d and b complex can make me feel like real sunshine does.
My coffee got cold. D:
It's so gross now.
We are not moving to Twitter
It's sounds like the exact opposite of a good thing
i dont mind the cold, but its dumping rain
i always just want to cozy down with the kindle
twitter is much more exposed. irc is a bit more private. only ppl like dstoo will bother digging through months of history for dirt
IRC rocks
I love the IRC.
No twitter. >:(
Twitter sucks.
#twittermustfall
:D
Frensel I assume you have seen this by now? http://news.usni.org/2015/12/18/document-office-of-naval-intelligence-report-on-russian-navy
A lot of the time it just seems like shills from companies or people running celeb accounts to get more attention.
I see about zero real use for twitter.
I have not 
.setrank bardolatta PPD Twitter Correspondent
There you go
lol
fiat you can set your twitter to private
so you can pick and choose who sees your tweet
but even if your tweets are private, you can obv. still access rest of twitter
.karma bardolatta
i swear, if everyone just moved together to twitter there would be no loss of privacy, at all
No
it's be the same chat, but only easier to search
That sounds terrible
what would you miss
No.
>:(
Because then we have to block everyone
so i legit think i'm getting sick :(
Except new people
it sounds like a massive fucking hassle.
booooo
And how will we know they want to join?
no twitter
we are already here and its nice here
we have a bot
so this is how it works,
i was just sick in thanksgiving
blargh
you'll have some people who are public
.msg #purplepilldebate say bardolatta there will be no twitter
throat stuff? 
and the new comers will interact with them first, ok ok :(
i geuss
PPDBot++
drip
i can't sneeze anything out either
<3 The bot knows.
but i'm not blocked
it is very cold out. maybe that's it
I'm sniffly because of the cold.
i think temp is more of a myth
Lol PPDBot 
there may be something to certain pathogens doing better at diff temps
Twitter the convo would be so slow
And confusing
I don't know how you can consistently recommend it, when everything you say about it sounds bad to us
Winter brings out my sinus problems.
And limited
yeah, sinus issues sue
also
sure
my IT guy does not know about irc
Not extro enough for twitter.
do you take a lot of antibiotics sunhappy?
no
so its not blocked at work
and twitter is
(I've been on there and it's not but a last word, I can't do this forever http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2013/11/how-i-learned-to-love-twitter.html
LOL
susandeath: my IT guy does not know about irc <- must be a bad IT guy how got a certificate
i took them in november though. i had a sinus infection
well maybe he knows about it
but he didnt include it in the firewall
Maybe he is on IRC too
did you boost your gut flora during and after?
err...what? lol
could be
less people use IRC than twitter
i took a diflucan haha that's it
antibiotics kill all the things, the beneficials that are responsible for healthy immune systems
makes more sense to block FB and twitter
so eating probiotics or cultured foods and drinks
i think IT guys are more liekly to use IRC
while on and after antibiotics
will help replace the good ones
true
well i think it sucks FB was blocked
took some flonase to help with symptoms
and its all the stupid clerks fault
we had no firewall
but they didnt do their work and then got caught on facebook
so now
a firewall
https://www.facebook.com/quaminac/videos/991319354260607/
Oh, I hate when others ruin things for everyone.
It ended up like that in our school library.
me too
the pearls brand are enterically coated, so they survive stomach acid and make it to the small intestine.
bardolatta: no offense
oh my sunhappy
But that is more stupid than hilary clinton
twitter?
And that shit is pretty stupid
the nymag article
It aint a better alternative to irc
i literally abhor people who like to story-tell
Not with what we do
all those extra words
i can't even finish hearing that lol
sorry
landbeforethyme , i learned to make my own stuff like krauts and kefir 
some of it is very casual, I know two couples who got together
that's awesome :) my buddy has a giant kraut making party every fall. so much cabbage.
https://twitter.com/morninggloria/status/668092621831712768
lol its a lot of work
i try to eat a spoonful with each meal
when i worked at the farmers market, i used to trade with Blue Bus, man they make great  stuff
https://twitter.com/morninggloria/status/682606095068614656
bedtime
nite y'all
later, susandeath 
bye bye susandeath 
i'm worried about this snow....
I can't wait for the snow.
Make some snow cream. :3
i want to be with R if we do get 1-2 feet
he expects me this weekend, but maybe i should go sooner in case the snow is ridiculous
many palces are closing at noon
to prepare
We're only supposed to get a few inches.
we got an inch last night
and people were freaking out over ice
oh cool, what's blue bus? 
We already got some ice.
oh sorry
The stores were out of bread and milk already yesterday.
i just need wine
and some meat
http://www.bluebusfoods.com/
they are a nice young couple with a new baby
man they work hard
you're all getting snow? 
only rain in california now. so much rain
we're getting snow too
it started snowing exactly on january 1st
glorious. i don't even need to conserve water now, because i'm not wasting as much on irrigation
yay rain
lol azombiekitten, thats crazy
yal have a drought
Hello PPDBot 
People here freak out if even the threat of ice is there.
sounds like they have a cool following :) i'm on the other coast, not nomz for me :(
yeah, i think we've been getting rain every week
its funny, vbecause were i live, it snowed 16 ft in december and there was always school
.addterm hulabutt http://i.imgur.com/Cq9blc8.gif
if she don't come back with my muffins
i swear
i'm so hungry :(
yeah they do
they earn it 
Here, it's like "OMG, IT MGIHT SNOW TOMORROW. CANCEL ALL THE SCHOOLS. GO BUY ALL THE PERISHABLES!"
lol
Southerners fear the ice.
yeah i grew up in the south
Even on campus where we didn't really have to drive, people would panic over a single patch of ice.
Lol
12:54:08 <+fiat> only rain in california now. so much rain
We are getting plenty of snowfall too in the mountains
Wonder if I can make emilycharland purple: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz6yqqw
she's a good girl
her heart is in the right place
Yeah
I doubt it
So cynical drok
Always hating on bloops
She can choke on a dick
Sorry
Haha btl
I'm like of like Atlasb in that respect, I dislike the groups, but like the individuals
Like you love me
I don't think bloops are all bad, but they have some pretty bad trends
Are you bloop or purple dg69?
Haha yeah
Bloops, perps, and terps
I still consider myself blue
I grant you your blueness unlike Griddy
Am I blue to you?
Yes
I guess I'm bluer than grid she's secret red huh
Yep
why is dg blue?
She is closer to the blank slate side of things
ok, i guess she always argues that men and women aren't that different
And her ethics are blue
griddy: is red
Soooo red
Especially when its that time of the month
lol
dg69 have you considered dating women
I want to read an account of a bisexual woman who's dated both and say that women are easier to date
not possible
she'd be lying lol
yup
shh let me concern troll
Griddy is bi, but she is team woman, so I wouldn't trust her
maybe chained to the stove with her mouth sown shut
so many bi's on here
its weird
Women are terrible to date.
except me of course
It's like lesbians are extra cray.
All of my ex girlfriends were insane and overweight.
why did you date them?
I can't really explain that, honestly.
I don't mind most individual bpers. certain bp traits are just difficult for me to get along with online
that's all
as individuals though most are fine by me I think the non crazy ones even up vote me
i have trouble understanding how someone can be blue
and tolerate, well, what everyone just said right now
e.g. https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/1wybl3/gaylubeoils_guide_to_capturing_and_training_women/cf6il6e.compact
that group up voted one of my poems I think
What do you mean?
That bi women think dating women is harder?
perhaps they missed your cynicism fiat
maybe but I'll still  accept the promotion of my poetry
yeah
if you read cats_or_get_out's forlorn reminiscence of her college years
or Norah Vincent's memoir about pretending to be a man
suddenly they sound like men
"wow women are narcissistic and crazy"
sometimes internet research really sucks
i have one pretty easy question and not one article of any scientific value provides the answer
maybe im not asking it correctly
hey Lifter
What's the question?
it's in regards to caring for a milk cow while and after she aborts
Oh. :o
there's a specific physical inspection to understand when the calf is dead
so you can get it out
all i can really find is mention of it and list after list of septic dangers
youd think someone somewhere had a blog about it
let alone actual procedure
http://extension.usu.edu/files/publications/factsheet/AH_Beef_36.pdf I found this. I don't know if it helps any.
yeah, thanks
i have that one open lol
Oh. lol
:)
I'm just finding a lot of things that tell what could cause an abortion in a cow.
yeah me too
http://beefmagazine.com/americancowman/health/cattle-abortion-identification-prevention This may help?
thanks
i was about to submit this link
they seem to have some procedures in it
that one talks more about widespread abortion issues amongst a large group of cattle
i guess it wasnt as easy of a question as i assumed
I have yet to find anything about how to tell if abortion is imminent.
yeah
http://the-toast.net/2016/01/21/stoicism-a-rebuttal/
I don't get it
Is that supposed to be funny?
i have like two days to read everything i can before im supposed to help a friend while she's gone so she doesnt lose both
she wont suddenly act more sick or something, she's barely alive now
poor thing
this is gross but supposedly a rectal exam will most likely reveal the abortion
i just need to read about that lol
so fun
not
>https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/4216x3/a_complete_and_irrefutable_argument_against/cz6rgsi
The bluepill where your argument gets upvoted no matter how stupid it is.
There is a difference between Stoic and stoic, I mean do they even know how to use google?
I found how to check for pregnancy. .-.
the probable outcome is death for both
and probably on my watch
ugh
bardolatta I have never considered dating women because vaginas are gross
kinda wish I could be a lesbian though, I have some cool friends I could just marry
do you think you could pretend
drok what are blue ethics?
Oh dear. :(
.context
collectivist ethics
no, why would I? for an experiment?
Random: but let me just say that waking up to a inbox stuffed full over 40+ people telling you their faults and flaws is very interesting
for the experience
oh dear, that sounds rough.
since when there are redpill ethics?
i heard sexual strategy is amoral
that's what i heard too
i don't think im collectivist
sexual strategy is moral because its facts
how many times do we have to go over this
I don't think there is a de jure bp set of ethics, but de facto there are strong tendencies
amoral
bp ethics tend to be collective and virtue based
*
im not particularly ethical at all
oh neat feature
there are plenty of redpillers whose morality is not collectivist too
yes
you're probably right DG69 but in terms of judging people what do you tend to care more about
RP morality should not be
.context
most people value all of the normative ethics
the significances in the differences really only manifest in dilemmas
Someone at work fucking infected me :(
when the normative ethics disagree with each other
with what Sunhappy ?
hang on
right
like when someone does something bad, but had good intentions
im definitely not googling normative ethics right now
i don't think there's "redpill morality" 
Sickness
redpill is just information
why does somebody believe in some particular ethical system to use it?
well thats a mischaractization of RP
i don't see why a redpiller should be a non-collectivist
Oh, you didn't know we had the context feature?
Nose hurts. Throat is itchy. Slight sneezing. It begins
what does information have to do with ethicS?
fiat you think that's good right? when a person does a bad thing with good intentions?
morally, you say - good person
no
what's the context feature ?
what matters more to you, DG69
that the person is a "good person" with good character
ppdbot was barely a thing when i was around last
DG69: normative ethics is the study of what's right and what's wrong
or he did a bad thing
you can thank me later <3
what matters more to you, the action, or the character?
most bpers care much more about character
jade_cat, it gives you a bit of chat history so that when you come into the room, you know what people are tlking about
.context
.context
i care about the action i think
nothing, RP isn't just information
ethics is the study of what's right and wrong, normative ethics are study of ethics that get applied to everyone. it's not a personal thing anymore
thats why its a mischaracterization
oh nice, of course there's a reddit for asking these questions
like sernemesis earlier, all of a sudden wanted to apologize to emilycharland because he read something by her that he liked
it advocates individualism
yeah then that makes you less common among bpers, DG69
so he cared about character
i didn't like that
awesome feature indeed !
I think most bpers are more firmly in the "character" side
i said either what you said warranted an apology or it didnt
and whether or not you like her
doesn't change what you did/said
i found some sources about abortion in cattle, but only in French
I didn't care about character
oh yeah? link?
I cared about her action
That she posted that thread to tbp
it changed your perception of her character
she posts everythig to TBP
which changed your perception of YOUR own action
i don't think rp/bp has any difference in ethics at all
well obviously, actions influence how we see people's character
fiat you said you care about intentions right?
give me a sec, lost all my links when my laptop shut down
i don't think virtue ethics are wrong anyway. i just think a lot of bpers tend to overemphasize on it
was that you
French? Oh boy.
so that would mean caring more about character?
that's what google translate is for
like when they dig through your history to try and form this... idea of how you are as a person. you notice it's never just about what you post
google translate might help
intentions matter
when a person has a good character they're more likely to do good things in the future
it heavily matters your history and your intentions for posting about certain topics
you people clearly don't read the same information i do
14:27:11 <DG69> it changed your perception of her character
rpers, whether our of ignorance, laziness, or different ethics rarely care to that degree
It changed my evaluation of her character as represented by her actions
yes, DG69 i do care about intentions
i really don't think it makes sense to differentiate between "intentions' and "actions"
yep
as I said, most people who are ethical care about all three of the major normative ethics
I judge her holistically on her actions
we punish people for something because we don't want people to commit crimes in the future
lol enough to get the general gist of the information at least
the differences really only manifest for most people when there is an ethical *dilemma*
dilemma between the three
filozof: that doesn't make any sense
lets play ethical dilemma!
https://fr.wikisource.org/wiki/De_la_gestation_chez_la_vache
so if a person killed someone unintentionally, they're less likely to do it in the future
thanks
drok: what doesnt make sense?
filozof: anything you are saying
Well, I can read gestation and veterinary medicine.
bring up an example
it's long, but do a search for "mort"
but your logic, there is no difference between manslaughter and 1st advice murder
if you don't differentiate between intention and action
degree*
Actually, French seems weirdly intuitive.
lol google made some chop suey out of these sentences
ok, i phrased myself wrong
we talked about this, theres a reason that you get more time for planning to commit a murder
but planning the murder in itself is not immoral
hahaha if you want i can translate some. there is a part that is specifically about determining if the calf is dead or alive
which is why sexual strategy itself is amoral
until you act on an immoral action
i meant that i dont think we punish people for actions or intentions because they're wrong
intentions isnt the best of words to describe the differences , filozof 
then the strategizing makes it worse
actually, thank you jade
it's "character" vs "actions"
then if you did it on accident
virtue is about "character"
i think we punish people to prevent bad things from happening in the future
that was really helful
helpful
so i think both character and actions matter when judging a person
they talk about the rectal examination, but they also say that listening to the heartbeat is another way
that will depend on position though.
yeah
sometimes a fetus will be positioned in such a way that you can't quite get a heartbeat, but it's not necessarily a sign.
also, i don't believe "individualist morality" makes much sense - a true individualist will only believe in his interest
but nobody else will believe in it
im probably going to be relying on actual physical inspection
so you can't have a society built on such morality
In dealing with other humans on theplanet
indeed. they also say that there are some other noises that can mess up the results
i didn't quite get enough of the context, happywifelife , can i ask what exactly is happening?
yeah
sure cake
And in nations of laws
they talk about the vaginal examination as well, they say it's safer than people thought it was
filozof: here is a better example: Two guys provide some food /shelter to some neighbours who had their homes blown away.
Its not in your rational self inteterest to behave that way
One guy does it because it makes him feel good
it's in his nature
that's how his character is
the other guy doesn't want to. he's a miser
but they also say that it's less precise than the rectal one
i interned on a farm last year for 9 months, the farmer lady asked me to come up and watch over her momma who digested some wire and now has enough gut punctures to be septic.  I need to care for her and keep her alive and possibly remove the calf if she aborts
but out of some kind of duty, some categorical imperative
they will likely both die though
he does it anyway because it's a good action (he heard from somewhere, maybe god)
peopel can tell he's only doing it out of duty and he's even scowling
The us was founded on political individualism 
yeah jade, it's the rectal one im after
Within a framework of a religious populace
sadly lolz
the deontologists say the second guy is actually sacrificing more
oh my god and i'm sorry to laugh but I thought your friend was pregnant.
he's going against his nature for his duty
hahahahahaha
oh lordy
that's interesting
phew. that's much less stressful.
the first guy is just doing something enjoyable to him
i kind of always believed there was no such thing as a selfless act
virtue ethics cares more that the first guy is a moral person
i mean obviously still stressful.
there could be an argument made for psychological egoism
im not ever likely to rectally exam any of my friends
lolz
because people are always getting something out of it
a good character
i thought you might be like a doula or something
has virtuous characteristics
there everything everyone makes is for their own good
but yeah, if someone totally went against their wants to randomly do nice things...
homebirth culture would probably allow that sort of thing
yeah DG69 that's called psychological egoism
i just don't know if anyone does that
That awkward moment when you have to shove your fist up a butt. 
hahah azk
Thats pathological altruism
im actually a really visual person
so reading all this stuff
sigh
i'm also not sure if there's such a thing as "altruism"
i just cant stop seeing myself shoulder deep in a cows ass
people do nice things because it feels good or benefits them in some other way
character building i guess
i just read this one : http://www.justanswer.com/large-animal-vet/2tthr-cow-dead-calf-inside-aprox.html#re.v/458/
if i do nice things to people, it's always because i want to do it
2:37 PM <DG69> because people are always getting something out of it <--- right like the first guy who might just get a kick out of seeing smiling faces
I actually saw a scene on The Incredibly Dr. Pol where they were trying to deliver a calf.
is it against my interest?
who's to judge that?
in *some* way he's getting something out of his altruistic deeds
I think it was stillborn.
i'm reaaaally glad i'm not a vet suddently
yeah fiat, does the second guy even exist?
and is he not getting something still
sure, DG69 the second guy could be someone who "found christ" or whatever
a feeling like hes conforming to norms or fitting in
fiat: you could say that the second guy is simply getting moral satisfaction out of it, couldn't you?
ok so still gets something out of it
suddenly he sees God , maybe even in a delusion
he truly believes it
my aunt is a vet and works with cattle, she's hand to stick her arm up before eeeek 
and fights against his evil nature to do good
he's making himself feel good and moral
oh yeah amelia?
so he is still doing it "to get into heaven"
because he believes those duties are categorical imperatives
or for some reason
is she available for phone consult and cheer leading?
that's reward based still. that's christianity
hahaha
she lives in norway so i think that would be an expensive call! 
kantian categorical imperatives have no real reward, afaik
well shit
did you already read that link happywife ? http://beefmagazine.com/health/calving/0101-advice-help-herd
well skype is free
they're not really that logical afaik
yeah jade, that had good stuff in it
and skypeout is nearly free
more geared to herds
i need to read up on psychological egoism
do they say you should just always be doing everything to help the greater good
or something
and other morality systems
and statistical data gathering to identify toxins and genetic issues
fiat> that's reward based still. that's christianity
most christianity says you can't get into heaven by doing good works
christ's grace saves you. 
i don't think anything other than "the greater good" matters from the standpoint of society
good point madscilove 
so, I wouldn't necessarily call that reward-based
esp calvinism
i feel bad for my friend, this was an expensive step for her, buying a preg cow for milk and calg sales
the "reward" might be that people recognize that you're one of the ones predestined for heaven
she probably busted her ass for the money to get her
Catholicism i think taught me to be good to get into heaven
i was referring mostly to this part :
"In checking a cow, the first thought is to determine if the calf is alive, as this may make a difference in your strategy. When you reach in to find the calf, a live calf generally will jerk its foot when you handle its legs or pinch the skin between its toes. You can also stick a finger in its mouth; a live calf will suck or gag.
On a backward calf, stick a finger in its anus to check muscle tone. If the anal sphincter is completely flaccid, he's dead. If there's some muscle tone, he's still alive, Skinner says."
but maybe i wasn't paying attention
i stopped listening around grade 4
oh
ooh, yeah catholicism is different
thats the one i was looking for
shit
the protestant church says y'all are evil and going to hell
i wonder where catholic guilt falls into all this
praying to mary and saints is apparently idolotry 
haha
because that is a real thing
thank you
ohh yeah haha
my pleasure :)
we are too ritzy too
catholicism also says that god forgives everything
which is kind of weird
our big churches are sins
yeah filozof im under the impression that if i say sorry right before i die
im good to go
protestant churches say that god forgives everything too. but you have to repent and try your best not to do it again
I didn't expect this peeking back into chat lol
i really don't think this ethics thing is the wedge - my sole disagreement with vamp is the ratio of assholes to asshole-digging girls
haha
also, no sin is worse than any other sin
she thinks it's 1 to 1
surprise
jesus will forgive you for your slootiness DG69 
so murdering the pope is just as bad as lying to your mom
...
Feeling calf sphincters.
Huh.
lol
What is going on with chat??? Lol
for every beta, there's a beta-preferring girl
Didn't expect that either
RP says the ratio is 100 to 1, or infinity
didn't expect what?
Lol it's not important
14:43:48 <bardolatta> for every beta, there's a beta-preferring girl
i liked that post someone made about jesus being chad
that was hilarious
Lol
i aims to please
madscilove: comment made me lol
Jesus IS chad
Look how many women are in love with him
for every omega, there's an omega-preferring girl
i wish it worked that way
sounds like pretty much no matter what, you're putting your hand in a butt.
Dem butts.
i used to think this way so I understand
Think how many women must masturbate to the thought of jesus
yup
psychological egoism is not an ethical system
rational egoism is
Jesus is alpha and omega
But yay for actually useful information now.
it doesn't matter that there are sluts, there's an equal number of shitty men
for the whole week that she's gone!  very excitement
the omega comes with being such a nice guy
its the normative version of psychological egoism
they're separated off, quarantined at the frat parties
no doubt, thanks guys
and yet still dying a virgin
which is just something that organisms do
you dont even want to know half the returned search results for this topic
gag
sernemesis lmao
i was in a fraternity
i got with a lot of non-sluts
yeah that's my point i barraged her with a lot of "all girls like chad" evidence and the convo ended
there's no way in hell i'd click on the "images" part of google search
what was that evidence?
haha
yeah dont
trust me
i almost weighed how good of a friend i actually am
lolz
newspaper testimonies, literature, celeb gossip
"i gotta do wut?!?"
hahaha
i've dated slutty girls, and non-slutty
women reading literature and saying "wow this alpha getting all the girls, it's just like IRL"
well, i guess that proves she really trusts you :)
she's a great gal, best job i ever had
in anycase, to close the loop on our earlier convo, DG69, i don't believe the "second" guy exists (maybe he does but certainly very rare) IRL either
drok: yes, quakenet sends PING requests to clients every few minutes and expects a PONG reply with the same string as in the PING, if no PONG is received in a few minutes the client is disconnected with a 'ping timeout'
it was mostly hypothetical to discuss how a couple of the normative ethics are supposed to be
not that anyone follows them perfectly
fiat: why do you need to judge people though?
so it sends it regardless meeb?
we never once had a bad day, living under the same roof and working together 14 hours a day
for almost 9 months
wow that's awesome
oh ok
filozof: that's normative ethics by definition...
so sometimes my bot is answering? and sometimes it is not?
you're essentially asking why normative ethics needs to exist
oh my god https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xp0x/q4_women_of_ppd_who_are_considered_at_least/cz6yns8?context=3
well, i kind of am
i guess i'd stick my arm in her cows patootie for that
i'm just wondering what you think on what's the point of judging people
that's why she likes betas and believe in nurture theory
she really helped me clarify the meaning of food and sustainability
she was so traumatized as an ugly girl it turned her off to alphas
i think they have some practical purposes, filozof 
+ digit ratio
even positive laws
and never once batted an eye at my pot smoking ways
that's a study I want to read
i can start my own farm now from what she taught me
I honestly think a lot of women were just ugly and awkward as teens
yay!
puberty is an unfortunate time for us all
lol
nice !
when is it supposed to end?
preference of hb10s for alphas, controlled for digit ratio, split into how many years they spent as ugly duckling
the awkward times
DG69: sorry, you'll always be ugly
do you have animals of your own ? or is that a long-term project ?
And many guys are ugly and awkward into their early 20s
long term project
Whereas women hit their stride in college
we were suppsoed to start the farm this year but it dumped 16 ft of snow
i am actually taller than my greenhouses right now
lucky us :P
by like a foot
Yes
haha i feel you
no for real, though
I wasn't being sarcastic
i plan to raise poultry for meat and eggs
.clones chironex
while teaching soil/food web building for the community
Yes neither was I
i still feel pretty awkward but started to get better around 23 haha
maybe some alpaca
who knows
my boobs finally came in
yeah, I think I got much less awkward in my early 20s
around 22 or so
its all talk til the doing
soil/food web building ?
the system by which you build soil to nurture your crops
oooh i see
bacteria, fungi, etc
the idea is to let the soil feed the plants rather than feeding the plants themselves
other than watering obviously
i'm 22 and my beard has only started being visible now
ahh i think i've heard of that concept
composting, bio-char, compst teas etc
thats cos u a lil boy with low T
that's true
worms
etc
she lent me out to other farms that were practicing these techniques 
she has quite the internship program
would that kind of soil ecosystem survive through winter ? or is it something that must be done over and over again ?
well it has to be maintained
its a formula based on what you start with
in my case, long cold winters with poor water tables and no water retention,
highly acidic soils do to the lava content
high altitude and no rain
98% of the water is snow melt
are you in Alaska ?
no funny enough
Oregon
Even when I was an ugly duckling I had boyfriends and lovers 
one of the 4th snowiest places in the nation
wow
That lasted like 2 yrs
and i thought we had it bad here
some things never change
how old were you when you started getting boyfriends?
14
My first real bf 
aww
Goddamn, I hate writing resumes.
fml
no doubt LoT
Jason for 7 weeks who I always forget about 
what type of work?
poor jason
:(
Then the band guy
what do you girls mean by "awkward"
just shy?
Right what girls consider awkward and ugly phase still involves getting a lot more attention than the average guy gets
i had my first boyfriend at 23
He was 19-20
Anything officey at this point.
That doesn't pay too shit.
I was 14-15
I had my first bf at 15. he was... 19, I think?
so you were a virgin until 23?
*shy
oof
no i was a virgin til 20
fiat: I was very shy, yeah. also just plain weird
Oooh madscilove that USDA prime
I literally have like... 150+ resumes and cover letters that I've accumulated over the last 5ish years.
But I fooled around with boys probably starting around 11-12
fiat awkward in shyness/personality and in appearance
I was pretty unattractive up until about 16-17 though. bad hair, skin, etc
why wasn't your first a bf
i was weird, never shy i think. I've always had a tiny entertainer in me and rushed to make friends whenever i moved
I should stop targeting them. It's obviously a fuckin waste of time. lol
that's pretty rare
i used to have to write resumes for people at work, i never want to do a resume again 
it sucks
fiat: I was very outgoing and personable as a kid then it sort of got... literally beaten out of me
i didn't want a boyfriend i just wanted to have sex
took me a while to find it again when I was older
i don't know how awkwardness and shyness manifests. like if you're shy you just don't talk much, right?
and out of my mom's house
cover letters are such a pain too 
i don't think i was that ugly
but i didn't even have my first kiss til 19
no one asked you out?
indeed
nope
SerNemesis: yeah, he never got any of that usda prime tail though
i did the asking to prom and stuff lol
id ask my friends
Oh yeah madscilove evil Asian mom
i heard about like, one boy liking me in high school, and i got such a huge crush on him but i think i ruined it with my weirdness
did you like not know how to dress
evil mothers are a very good sex deterrent
lolol
i had a crush on everyone
even in college
I broke up with him for being a conservative christian republican
hey look, the insidious decline of fixedball   http://n.pr/1ly9ykh 
bardolatta that was maybe it
again, i wasn't terrible
They're fucking office admin jobs. I don't have a 2 year diploma
i don't think i had opportuntiy to be shy. the one or two times i wanted peace/quiet to myself, i had a bunch of people trying to be nice to me and get me to join their groups
the way trp talks about it youd think a girl has to be deformed not to get any attention
i mean it's not impossible
in retrospect, I think he was red pill
But for srs. If you need 2 years of school to figure out how to operate Outlook...
and then talk shit about me when i ate alone anyway
i started getting attention in my 20s
a girl hurt him and he started lifting, was very into the traditional gender roles, etc.
its shitty LoT, and some bored chick in HR is probably responsible for whether or not you get "noticed"
there was a hottie at my HS who was awkward and distant and no one asked her out
and kept bugging me to join or express pity. lol
very fit, STEM, educated
lol @ outlook
Dg69 what the hell did you do in college?
but it's mind boggling that girls could develop that late
not even, a lot of HR departments have programs that analyze resumes/cover letters
fiat: "it was so hard being popular" :P
15:04:08 <@madscilove> in retrospect, I think he was red pill
Hahaha
if you have enough buzzwords, it gets picked up 
what do you mean sernemesis
no for real though! lol
I never heard of it when I was young 
eriuosly?
s*
oh boy...
yep 
I was popular not in the way i wanted most of the time DG69
Like how did you not get any male attention dg69
In collegw
i've been out of skirts and heels for 10 years now, i guess i'm not surprised
Yeah, that's why I target every resume.
oh i started to in college
damn
Right
it's because i got attention. most of my time was spent as big fish in small ponds. i went to pretty backwater and ghetto schools until much later
yeah that's why resume targeting is so important 
To match my vocabulary to the posting's.
Who cares about high school
alcohol sernemesis
pretty much always scored top or put into higher programs
But when they want to pay you $13/hr, it's offensive.
that was what was standing between me and sex for all those years
That's not even really a living wage here.
yeah maybe that's my problem too
heh
won math/chess, etc tourneys because i wasn't exactly competing with the best
bardolatta> but it's mind boggling that girls could develop that late
You want me to jump through hoops so I can work full-time to be poor.
lol, needs masters degree, 5 years experience, and must be bilingual. $12/hour, no benefits 
Fuck this economy
how old do you think they develop?
DG idk how you managed that
yes
ikr.
yes they do
hello :)
hey cooch
managed what
i cant call you cooch
to stay out the game til so late
it feels so mean
I got an exec assistant job one time. I was the receptionist and they liked me so they just gave me the job, internally.
cq is fine :)
I had 2 months experience.
maybe you were really quiet
When they hired to replace me they wanted a 2 year diploma and 5 years experience.
and guys didn't think they had an opening
yup
AtlasB> I never heard of it when I was young 
it's like rent
same for the person i trained to take my desk
in HS I saw ugly girls get hot bfs
do you know what year red pill started?
it wasn't by choice
incel til 20
I was like "... k, you guys are fucking ridiculous. Just hire someone who isn't actively drooling on themselves better than 50% of the time, and it'll be fine"
she was actually quite irritated
b/c a lot of girls didn't want to date
3:05 PM <DG69> that was what was standing between me and sex for all those years <--- HAHA
when a new tenant arrives the price increase is steep
Quiet/shy girl = Schrdinger's bitch
so once i had the opportunity, i went a little crazy
female incel? damn
but with her degree she still couldn't have done all the required work
the person that replaced me at my last job had a masters and years of experience versus my bachelors 
so fuck it
Lol dg69 that ain't incel
You could have asked anyone
Well, you learn on the job.
she kind of was incel
yep
a shy girls not going to approach
And they would have obliged
xD
she didn't know how to get sex
I never got formal training in being an office bitch.
i dont know how you didnt have the opportunity
^
Someone told me what to do and I did it.
yep
yeah i didn't know that
It's not like it was hugely complex or technical.
goddamit, call me
thats how you be a good office bitch
i thought boys didn't like me
I was the same, DG69
head down mouth shut stay busy
just waiting for ANYONE to approach me
but no one ever did
i crushed on the guys no one crushed on too
i would like, actively try flirting with them
that's because you didn't have TRP to tell you that boys are sex-obsessed
haha i had an intern and we made joke name tags once and hers was "Office Bitch" 
and everyone
i taught myself complex excel right there on the spot
i crushed on everyone
i hit on everyone
Apparently the broad they had in there before me was always crying about how stressed she was, and was charging them out the ass for overtime.
well, my mom told me they're sex-obsessed. but I didn't want to get pumped and dumped
lying through my teeth lol sure boss, let me figure that out
Her job was the one I took over.
i think it's a bit entitled to expect everyone to approach you
what 15 yo wants that
most office jobs seem to be pretending to be busy anyway 
A day's work took me about 3.5 hrs.
im waiting for that girl who is waiting to be hit on
and then ill marry her
my dad always told me all men are dogs
I was like "... how did she find this so challenging? Was she retarded?"
there was no pretending in mine
and once you show potential
yepp
I approached a few boys and it kind of scared them off
inslaved
that's why i wasn't allowed to date
lol
enslaved 
Yeah.
my mom told me not to do that (never really listened, sry mom)
?
w/e
^ that probably also contributed to it
people don't know how to manage time well
i grew up pretty scared of my parents
enslaved i think
they were pretty strict
They basically initially only expected me to compile expense reports.
it can make being an assistant difficult
And then I was like "yeah I need more work
wink wink
how did you dress
that is the key component
"I wish some guy would hit on me; i just want to know what it's like to have sex, you know?.... whoops, sorry for tripping and falling on you. Is your dick alright?" <--- EZ
if they were that strict maybe they gave you pretty bad fitting cloth
I ended up writing proposals for department heads and designing web content and brochures.
one girl tried to approach me in primary school
it really is CQ
i blew her off
no i looked ok
i mean everyone makes fashion mistakes in high school
i tried to take on special projects but i got in trouble 
primary school
ROFL
At least in my time we didn't gave to take sexual harassment classes or worry about all these rape laws
plus a lot of people talk a lot and osmething that takes half hour can take 2 cause they won't stfu
same
Yeah, there was definitely some of that.
i think it just comes down to shyness and whatever other awkward vibes i was giving off
my officemate is like that. it takes him 15 minutes to explain to me to cut and paste shit
Today's guys must be so gunshy to approah
i had a friend very similar to me
also pretty
I somehow became the sounding board for all my officemates' relationship problems.
eyeroll
i think you just weren't a party girl
or meetings ughhhh i wasted os many hours in stupid meetings 
didn't get anywhere til college
so men assumed you aren't DTF
shy girls are really hard to talk to
yeah, shy people generally are
i probably didn't seem dtf
i know it, i'm hard to talk to
but i was
everyone thought I was a bitch, after I started looking pretty
I was SHY
"Must have experience in Quickbooks"
but they thought I was stuck up
I found out years later
how are shy people hard to talk to
i made my desk sustainable at that trucking company though, shortly after i was hired, they had to lay off 1/4 due to the fuel crisis
Okay, well, I don't... but from the demos I've looked up, EVERYTHING IS LABELED AND IN PRETTY LITTLE MENUS
just ask them to attend an event
how hard could it be?
i was really nice
because they arent open for chitchat
fiat: if they're pretty girls, people assume it's bitchy and not shyness
I was actually really nice too
and they give off vibes that they arent interested
hahaha
i spent all of high school painfully forcing myself to talk to people
just wasn't about to approach people I didn't know well because I was scared they wouldn't like me
there are so many tutorials on these programs too 
" <madscilove> I was actually really nice too" - right everyone says that
yeah
Exactly.
nice guys think theyre nice too :P
If you don't know, google it.
im convinced that im like filozof - an extro with social anxiety
well i guess i was just lucky because not only wasn't i shy, my roommates and close friends were flaming homosexual extros
so i had to train myself out of my shyness
I taught myself VBA (that's the programming language behind Excel)
you only dont know how to use them if you are too lazy or too stupid to get it
it was really hard
yep LoT
but people liked me
everyone is always impressed with my excel knowledge and it's al just google 
the just forced girls to participate in what little events they held
fuck youtube
lol
learn it in ten
minutes
Because I was fucking lazy and didn't want to spend hours doing the same tedious-ass shit over and over again.
forcefully got peopel to come to our suite
or do things with us
So I wrote myself a program to do it for me
yep
ezpz
nice! 
a report that used to take the person a week to compile turned into three downloads into a preformatted running excel databas
shy people need others to engage them, but ime aren't that difficult to talk to. if they don't want to join you then thta's tough but if they genuinely want to join, they can at least say "ok"
aww you guys sound fun fiat
all invented because youtube
fiat: that's exactly it
shy people need a little hint that you like them and want to engage
i got into a really cool friend group thanks to cross country in high school
Yep
that's how i made friends in college too
they usually have a lot of social anxiety or low self esteem
i guess in my case the problem was that nobody really wanted to engage me
i.e. they think they're bothering people by talking to them
Mine was a final project for one of my graduate courses, modeling fluid flow in a porous medium with excel
so they just don't
no one from cross asked you out?
everyone should do co-ed sports
people arent really eager to engage strangers
neato
bardolatta in college they did
They wanted 40 iterations of fluid infiltration, and I had to count each of the 300 cells for each iteration
I was like "fucking nope"
" <madscilove> i.e. they think they're bothering people by talking to them" - yeah, exactly
automate that shit
i always feel that
i think my attention is unwelcome to people
i always thought that way too!
same
of course i LOVE it when someone engages me
but i assume other people hate it
you have no trouble with logic, LoT
people are reluctant to change, even if it's more efficient
filozof yeah that is a problem but mostly if you're not extroverted and outgoing
not surprising
have i told you about one of my suitemates
this guy was 45+
what prompted this discussion? someone in the market for a job?
i dont think so
balding and fat
yep
the ugly one?
he went back to college, yes
resume writing for Lifter
i always had guy friends bardolatta in high school
the rest of us were 18-21
i think you were talking about him a long time ago
on the team and stuff
but they were all very protective of me
like a little sister
he used to get girls i think
Lol fiat
yes i was talking about him on ppd to ChazzALB
and they didn't ask you out? weird, maybe they were too scared
that's a big factor in hs
i don't think so
So there is hope for me getting prime age
i am being 100% serious about him
theyd ask other girls out
I can always go back to college
oh nice. i used to do that for a living. i gave seminars to college seniors about them for entry level positions. also to other college students for coop/internships
yikes oh
no lie, this guy rick smelled like smoke all the time
and had a pile of empty Diet Coke bottles in his room
his room was a ratnest
and he still had a GF
maybe it's because you look very young DG69 
idk maybe you really grew into your features really late
so people see you asexually
and was social enough to get us to participate in his events that he organized himself
like nicole kidman
it is definitely tough out there to find a job.. and a good one at that. 
yeah i always looked younger than my peers
i was an employment specialist for refugees, that was tough 
me too
people were usually surprised when i told them my age
and i remember someone telling me when i was like 20 that i still had baby fat on my face
when i first met people in my high school they didnt believe i was with them
which means my face would still change
babyfat is good..
makes you look younger into old age
well i'm 22 and people still tell my i have babyfat
oh wow. i can't even begin to imagine
which is not flattering
+2 bonus protection from skeletor-face
i have a chubby baby santa claus face
i think my face is more skinny though
if i'm not fat
i asst coach at a community college
and the first day of practice one of the girls starts talking to me
asking me what high school i just graduated from
like this ??? https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/c7/13/8c/c7138c1b7e3de1f7f0ce4736ba7f8230.jpg
it's zooey deschanel
omg lol how cute
-=]
Puppy sat on my laptop.
Ha,  xD  ^
awwwh
it's worse now with the crisis in europe too i bet
aww 
i want a puppy haha
:D
He is a little d-bag.
haha...
what breed is he?
He's a Lab/German Shepherd mix, so he's already pretty big. 
she lost weight ~14 and said how "everything changed"
oooh those are beautiful
my two favorite breeds!!
Awww :)
yeah she was chubby
He is insane for a little guy.
how old is he?
there's this weird thing where a boy will not date pretty, uncool girls if they're so uncool it risks their chance with the main body of cool pretty girls
LaidNYC blogged aobut it
about*
he says he regrets it
2.5 months, roughly.
yeah see?? boys go for the popular girls
yes, boys want status too
yeah but only in HS where status is super precarious
we aren't just motivated by sex
no it is
indirectly
15:25:18 <bardolatta> there's this weird thing where a boy will not date pretty, uncool girls if they're so uncool it risks their chance with the main body of cool pretty girls
Only if the guys are cool
I wouldn't have cared
Though I was pretty cool in high school but that is neither here nor there
Yeah, that's totally an easy eay to get sex. Going for the popular girl. (Typically.)
I didn't care for my sratus
going for the popular girl isn't easy
Sorry, I meant once you have her
Actually, I don't know what I'm talking about since I'm not apopular girl
3:25 PM <DG69> yeah see?? boys go for the popular girls <--- those are BOYS; no man gives a shit in college or later
ah, he's very young !
im pretty sure men care about how other people see their girl too
they want a hot girl to show off
or maybe im just projecting lol
i love puppies!
no i think they care
but yeah, boys did care. i remember quite a few attractive but unstylish/unpopular girls who didn't get enough attention relative to how good their face/bonestructure/BWH ratios were
i have a germ shep copper chow mix
he's intense 
still, trophy wives exist
Boys, not men
he's old though
although here in poland we dont really have status in high school
old and grumpy
the concept of "popular people" is rather alien to me
we don't really have as much activities as americans i think, in high school
our lab was like a puppy until she died basically 
and even if we have, they're not as popular
like even in college, the guys who play sports have the highest status
but nobody cares about college sports in poland
Awww.
I loves me some dogs <3 My buddies have two mini Dachshunds. They are my godweenies.
ahhh i love weenie dogs
filozof: those are social considerations that some beta males with status may care about. social status doesn't matter nearly as much for sex. it's compartmentalized out
fiat> 3:25 PM <DG69> yeah see?? boys go for the popular girls <--- those are BOYS; no man gives a shit in college or later
well yeah, that's why we cleaned up after we got out of high school
high school is a bad market for uncool girls
do men care about the social status of prostitutes?
:P
i mean for sex
lol yeah madscilove
obv they won't reveal that shit to public, but it can be shameful as hell and they'll still get an erection and have sex
my old roommate had a dachshund-boston terrier mix, omg i loved that dog 
i think girls only care about status for relationships unless its like for a story, like "i banged a celeb" which i think guys would brag about the same way
i just read a story last night about a girl who fucked a homeless dude
yeah, story material is great to
*too
i honestly think that is one of the factors of "the wall"
DG69: I've done that... partially for the story
or people's awakening to it
dg do you feel like you have an urge to make up for lost years
girls who were always popular
you had sex with a homeless guy?
I did a lot of questionable things for the story value
yep
and taking easy paths until college
nice!
that sounds hot
i marrie done
lol
LOL
lolol. 
all of a sudden get competition from girls who were never int he markent
lol atlas wins
AtlasB wins ;)
well he had a rented roomby then
*market
bardolatta i never felt that; i was more just overwhelmed with excitement every time the possibility to have sex arose
I'm marrying a former homeless man (who had a place to live by the time I got to him!)
so i didn't turn down much 
15:32:46 <DG69> i just read a story last night about a girl who fucked a homeless dude
nerdy girls who were actualyl busy studying; finally have it easier and decide to invest in their looks
and start looking
Oh yeah that one
and swamping the market where there was none, putting pressure on ex-popular girls
Imagine if the genders were reversed
making them feel pressure
"How dare you make a homeless girl sleep with you in exchange for shelter!!!"
yeah thats what everyone said in the comments
haha
fiat so youre saying popular girls have a harder time hitting the wall
SerNemesis: I wonder how many of those people are running out to let homeless people sleep in their houses
I'm going to guess 0
because us late bloomers come in
of course
and flood the market
Of course madscilove 
i am saying it's one of many contributors to perceptions of "the wall"
soem girls ar eborn at the wall
It is like all the outrage about marrying a poor third world girl
if youve spen 20 yrs with guys crashign their cars into trees to crane their necks at you
you know what's glorious? when the pretty popular girls from high school get fat and have shitty jobs
and it goes away one day
Not like all these bloops are dying to save third world girls
it's a petty sort of victory but oh man does it feel good
yeah, only emptiness remains sniffle
lol
poor dears
madscilove the most popular girl from my high school died 2 years ago from an OD
But if I propose doing it in exchange for sex and a cute wife it is so outrageous that I'm exploiting her
:(
oh shit
that's sad
it is sad
AtlasB: have men ever crashed anything because they were looking at you?
lots of people have died from my high school class
15:36:26 <DG69> madscilove the most popular girl from my high school died 2 years ago from an OD
i got constant unrelenting non stop attention from 14 to about...
That is awesome
38
one of my dude friends did that before. he crashed his bike staring at a hot girl
and id say 38 was premature becaus ei gained some weight
Lol mads
constant unrelenting wow
when i was single betweenmy ex an d my h
one yr
id go to home depot and walk around
for a pick me up
lol
aw
i do love home depot
smells amazing
people looking at me makes me feel uncomfortable. I know I should get over that
lol
because I'm sure I'll miss it one day
im delighted if anyone pays me any attention
it just amazed me to se eyoung women and men
deny the wall
bloops
"unwanted attention" - have never experienced this haha
yeh really dG
i loved male attention
i smiled at eveyrone
andthanked them
said hi
kept walkin 
what does it cost you
This one is young and grumpy.
true
i had to work a lot in high school to be able to talk to people
but now im pretty flirty
in all my interactions
haha
im so gla dmy mom raise dme
intj raised by enfp
often referred to as raise dby narcs lol
I should probably go to the Castro once in a while for that pick me up
but she was a good one
aw
i wonder what my parents are
I want to be more like my dad. I'm good at talking to people, but he's on a whole other level
my mom made me fun
kept me frombeing a nerd
beat the aspergers out of me
not literally right
I've never seen anything like it. Leave him alone with a stranger for 5 minutes and come back to find them best friends now
bought me punk rock clothes at bloomingdales
lol
no literally
they're perceiving it as an absolute thing
she didnt allow me to be an aspy nyerd
i almost had a stim
My mom partied but she encouraged me to be whatever I was going to be.
she didtn allow it
like one day, they just noticeably feel a difference. they personally feel it
that's not the case
she tookme to th ecasino when i was 14
lol
Aside from encouraging me to become lesbian.
let meplay black jack with her til id get caught
madscilove my dad is the same
And work at Hooters during college.
hes also literaly the biggest flirt
yes!
he just flirts with everyone
i've waited all day to indulge in a bowl of vanila ice cream with real caramel sauce and cocoa chili powder
its how he gets through life
and what do i find in the freezer
yum!
old women love him
oh no
3:37 PM <madscilove> one of my dude friends did that before. he crashed his bike staring at a hot girl <--- pfft, that's nothing. riding a bike is harder than walking at least
i've walked into light poles
aww
and ice cream container with two tiny little bird bites
lol
D:
who the fuck does that
NOOOOOO
lol fiat
That's terrible.
divorce time
lolz
my parents made me tough, at least
I'm on my period today. I'd probably unreasonably rage at someone for eating my treats.
mocked the crybaby right out of me
murdertime
any tears or negative feelings was met with mockery until it stopped 
lol
"shut up or i'll give you something to cry about!"
oh no! 
YES
maybe if i smoke all the weed and then just leave two tigs in the jar.......
omg, my dad's favorite line
twigs
My dad just called us candy ass when we cried.
in my defense, men have worse peripheral vision than women
but then you'll be extra sad about the ice cream
"are you going to cry me a river? or build a bridge and GET OVER IT"
(or at least i would)
haha
touche 
you'd be extra hungry too
"CANDY ASS, WAHH WAH WAHH"
but you'd probably find other food to eat anyway haha
yeah but... it's not ice cream
yeah lol
i try to eat my desert before dinner
yeah
My dad basically raised me as though I was a boy.
that way i know i have room
:)~
same
he'd through roadkill at me and put bugs down the back of my shirt
*throw
Haha, I like that strategy.
me too !
hmm
the roadkill thing. I remember standing in the middle of the street shrieking "I'M TELLING MOOOOOM"
I wouldn't be nearly as aggressive if it weren't for my parents.
he just laughed his ass off
There's a photo of me hanging off of an arrow my dad accidentally shot in the truck one day. 
lolol
He encouraged me to be aggressive during teeball.
I ran over a little boy because he was in my way, and my dad looked at me like I'd just gotten a gold medal at the olympics.
does anybody have any tips for helping a man who has the flu ? hubby has it really bad, and i'm trying to help as much as i can, but i'm running out of ideas.
My dad made me race or play games with my big brothers, and whenever I lost he'd say "awww that's ok, boys are just better than girls"
To piss me off
and this is why DG69 is such a good runner :P
i prepare hot water with lemon and honey, and echinacea as well
Manflu is pretty terrible (and apparently a very real phenomenon).
keep him fed and warm
Probably lol
and don't baby him too much
real chicken stock broth
(unless you can do it in such a way that he doesn't feel emasculated)
and lots of water and rest
he's barely hungry, especially in the morning
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/
broth with some sodium
My dad used to encourage me to fight with my bro.
PPD thread every RPW user should be able to weigh in on
He was like "I'll hold him down for you."
since we see variations of this all the time
Was kiddie fight club at our house.
yes chicken soup! 
and vitamin C
not the stuff on the grocery store aisle though
my dad taught me how to swim by tossing me into the deep end of a pool
a whole chicken boiled down with veggies
I have two big brothers and two little sisters, so I got rough housed to no end, but when I would try to play with the girls I always got in trouble
@cake : well he loves blankets so i made him a snuggie for christmas, i don't know if that counts as babying him :P
nah that  sounds lovely
In school too
i didn't believe it was possible to be awkward with siblings
i just know that when my huscat is sick, he feels worse if he feels like i'm mothering him
For playing too rough
"are you an only child" was an insult for awkward kids
well here goes our new year's resolution of becoming vegetarian...haha
nah babying him would be like aww are you okay? you look sick aww poor baby :( :( constantly lol 
b/c a lot of the loners were, never learned how to socialize properly (me)
yep
were you socialized with adults?
oh boy i think i'd drive myself insane if i did that
or not at all
it's impossible to answer that posting with any modicum of usefulness
its lacks in history or detail'
I taught my brother how to swim by pushing him into the pond. :D
it's a fantastic way to learn how to swim
it is unfairly posed in her favor
Well, my parents weren't pleased.
15:48:11 <DG69> My dad made me race or play games with my big brothers, and whenever I lost he'd say "awww that's ok, boys are just better than girls"
yeah, PhantomDream , your asking for more info is def necessary
My dad caught me as I ran away and beat my ass.
'Tis the truth
I was an incredibly aggressive kid.
oh man harsh
Shut up SerNemesis I beat them just as much
the smallest dogs bark the loudest, aZombieKitten
Yeah "perfect lady does everything right" 
Not a thing
ok so i can't go out (no car, grocery is an hour away if i walk). would the cube version of the chicken broth be an ok substitute for now ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/cz72isz  lol 
Fine dg69
all of her stuff seems to be accusatory
If your spouse/SO actively wants to get away from you and rather be drunk SOMETHING is going on
Wanna play go tonight?
also it's BS
she doesn't seem to be taking into account her actions...
haha
It was a lot more of an even match when he was tiny.
yeah jade
jade_cat, can you get a grocery order delivered?
she's social, but him being social is bad?
We'd make bets and the loser had to shout boys/girls are better than boys/girls in the street
powdered stock isn't great
yeah
dg69, did you play go in the past?
uhh...
just do with what you hae
have
Yeah a little
your neighbors must have thought you guys were so odd
i don't think i can sadly :(
I think
I started learning
Be me, be 6, fighting a toddler the same size as me.
They just wantrd a boy
I'm not very good
Dg69 even has more experience than me
but hubby goes near a grocery store while coming back
yeah  i remember thinking that you were pretty good for playing first time
its the electrolytes and the easy digestion 
maybe add some veggies to the powdered stock then?
it's different with adults
an onion, celery, carrot
i was about to make a buckwheat and veggie soup
DG69: dont lose or i'll send SerNemesis a present ;)
nice
bardolatta: I ask because I was socialized with adults as a kid
i'll substitute the veggie broth for chicken broth
Huh SMS?
it's problematic when you're young, but once your peers catch up/you're out in the real world, I think it's really helpful
Shouldn't it be that if I win she sends us more nudes?
maybe reserve some of the broth just for him
I was socialized with adults a lot, too.
clear salty liquid diet and plenty of water
alright i will :)
alright ladies. yoga time
see ya
:)
byebye !
hf
@cake thanks for the idea about grocery delivery, i won't be able to do it today but i'll definitely check it out for the future.
i wonder how that affects people, being socialized with mostly older folk
i was socialized with multiple ages, but i think being socialized with younger folk made me bossier when i was young
hmmm how do you "target" someone when writing in IRC ? (like cake did for me)
I could relate with my peers less, when I was younger. but I also think I was more mature and more well-spoken
which made me look like a fucking nerd, so I got made fun of
lol
being socialized with older kids (because of skipped grades or advanced curriculums) made me more careful, conversely
just type your name
if you write their nickname it'll alert them 
(their name)
cakeforallofyou
oooh
in fact, you can just type jad and then press tab
and it'll autocomplete
try cak then tab
cakeforallofyou:
how good is tabcomplete
awesome
it works very well
you can also usually right click someone's name to open a private message.
ugh this comment
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/cz72oyp
not a romance novel?  its your relationship, why wouldn't you foster romance
well, there's a difference between fostering romance and expecting it to be like a romance novel
lol happy
3:54 PM <aZombieKitten> Be me, be 6, fighting a toddler the same size as me. <--- HAHA
"how dare you tell me to be nice to my husband and not berate him with demands"
haha yeah
Thanks fiat I must be a go natural
Thanks fiat I must be a go natural
So I was thinking. Couldn't guys with micropeens just become really religious and wait till marriage with a girl who doesn't believe in divorce?
Strategy seems viable enough.
lol at the commenter who's mom gave her husb an ultimatum and he obliged
but to spin the encouragement of more "romance" into   "cheap fantasy book" is super duper.....
oh my god
something
idk
stupid
i guess that advice isnt necessarily wrong though
yeah happywifelife , it's silly.
aZombieKitten: yeah but look who's laughing now. You could probably lift a toddler with a single bicep now. 
SexyMcSexington you know SerNemesis doesn't want those gifts
yes, he's totally going to want to touch you more if you are a bitch and a blamer
for blue pill relationships it will be effective i suppose
then i'll find someone who does
i dont think its healthy, but someone like that isnt going to just adopt rpw habits
i took one of those "how many kids can you beat up?" tests and I think i scored over 100 kids
i think a combination of fostering more romance and, perhaps, a little bit of direct communication would be healthy.
And my brother can lift me pretty easily, so I'm still screwed. lol
hello
hey ElfFey :)
Lol nice
100 not bad
hi :)
He still tries to suplex or otherwise throw me on the ground sometimes.
oh that toddler was your brother, aZombieKitten ? never mind then
he was probably large for a toddler
He was large for a toddler and I was tiny for a 6-year-old.
okiedoke, i have a deadline. Have a great day ladies!
aZombieKitten isn't your brother like twice your size
Yeah, basically.
He's 6'1.
i'll have to leave too for tonight. that soup isn't going to cook itself. have a nice evening everyone, thanks for the chat !
stop height shaming me
How tall
i just wanna be 6/6/6
5ft10
Wot
That can't be very common, one sibling over 6 and one below 5
U kidding
Thats not even short
Just average
yeah i know
but its not 6ft
I hate u
sorry
I have no clue how frequent it is, but it's the only case in our family, anyway.
i can never manage to comment without rereading my comment and seeing the snark
im not trying to snark
or maybe i am
w/e
First exam:tommorow
The horror
hey everyone
dezz are you an rpw?
when i first got here and i saw your comment i thought you must be joking lol
Jack4ss: what is that last 6?
hey camille
hi camille
first 6 is ft, next is digit salary, what is last 6?
penis size
hahahaha
Lol
wtf was i thinking
so obvious.
everyone having a great day?
oh i meant in the actual thread
not here
o i c
so far so good camille
how bout you
lol happywifelife i read your comments in a snarky tone :P
i think their are some variations of it tho
hahaah
sigh
i know
ok dinner time
later
ttyl!
Ironically, based on birth order, i should be taller.
one variation was 6 pack
yay 12-18 inches of snow predicted
16:14:25 <Jack4ss> one variation was 6 pack
6666
lol
6 wives
Hahaha
6 houses
the dream
V6 engine
I imagine an n count of 6 would probably be considered good by woman
Not too high not too low
yeah
then why stop there 
6 continents
Dezz is in ppdfemales, too?
6 kids please
thought u'd never ask DG
6 dogs
and then your neighbours come round, and walk into your house and you got 6 of everything
You should be Jack6ss 
then it becomes a problem
dezz who ar eyou
dezz once
dezz twice
dezz three times
U know whats fishy
fish?
A girlfriend not having a photo of u 2 as a profile pic in fb after 1 year
Drok++
Poor guy
hahaha
yeah, especially if there is another guy in it
so suspicious
its you know who
The only reason i didnt fuck:her was cause my pop is freeloading of her folks
figures
i thought we'd be done with that by now
oh well good thing we were all on it :)
It is best to avoid complications
you guys getting more bad seeds?
yeah thats why we have all the new security stuff little_red_ 
neverending!
Likevshe invited me over so i could use the shower(dont ask)
Then laid on same bed for some movie
Like the signals were obvious
it's so weird to me that people seek out stuff that bothers them on purpose 
in this film im watching Jason Schwartzman was asked to wear a fake penis so it looked big in the nudity scene
Lol
Ditbit work
lol
i was just thinking that a bit into reading happywifelife's comments on ppd
i just end up over there  once or twice a year reading a comment that was linked and 
 /cringe. i just cant
yeh ill never understand it
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/422yv8/my_best_friend_that_acts_like_me/    wtf 
i do not do that
That dezz sent me a hello message the other day, but nothing else.
yeh he thinks youre someone else
Ah.  I just responded with "who are you?" and never heard anything
.quote add 16:39:27 <DG69> oh yeah i haven't seen many newborn penises
more men posting in rpw wingn? (re: amelia's link)
i removed it
ppl on reddit are mentally ill
the guy asking about partner count's earlier had the weirdest reddit history 
FirionDarklight> A girlfriend not having a photo of u 2 as a profile pic in fb after 1 year
is that really fishy?
i dotn understand
why ppl post on subs
that arent for them
when i see "a place fo rlikeminded men"
im not going to post there
lol
or place for women 
lol
that was such a weird thing to post to our sub
re the sexual tension between him and his friend
It's a retarded thing to post anyway.
0,0
Just fucking stick it in her already, and stop being a bitch.
how can they come to rpw and think thats content we'd be interested in
wat
And then you can get oneitis and subsequently catch her fucking your brother in a few years' time.
gg
lol exactly lifterofthings 
must be some weird need for validation 
does this belong in RPW?
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/422jgs/the_10_big_lies_of_sexual_liberation_and_the_four/
blowing!
It's sort of beating a dead horse, but I don't think it's bad, necessarily.
ok what the fuck does this person's posting have to do with anything  coffeedynamics even said
DG69: !!!
4:40 PM <madscilove> is that really fishy? <--- i'm sort of interested as well. i have no clue about facebook culture. stopped paying attention to facebook years ago
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/cz76yks?context=3
she took a suggestion of being positive instead of blaming to some imaginary place
ironically she's bitching aout fantasy
It's typical of the feminist mindset.
and how useless it is
In my experience, anyway.
I made it DG69 !!
I think it's a nice summation of things. Definitely information we're all already generally aware of, though.
"What's the solution to this problem?" "<solution here>" "BUT THAT'S NOT FAIR, HE SHOULD DO THIS AND THAT AND THE OTHER THING"
yawn.
yeah
i disagree w/ the archetypes WingN but the list of 10 is rpw appropriate
i think the courtesan is a true archetype
its sorta tangentially rpw
i guess
yeh the 10 is good
oh i dont think its wrong, i just dont think there are only 4
yeh
those 4 exist for sure
it reminds me of the wife vs girlfriend vs mother post in trp 
its just wrong to say these are the 4! b/c everyone will try to fit into one
im really enjoying this summary wingn
you made it!!!!!!!!!!!
wooooooo!!!
i think my mommy moo cow gun  moll archetypes ar ebetter
lol
i do too WingN lol
courtesans often end up gun molls
also i think a lot of women who think they are warriors are just self obsessed, selfish, and/or masculinised
blow me away baby
yep Camille 
so im not a warrior?
Is blowing in las Vegas?
but but
Yessssssss
lol
Niiiiice
i have the aint
paint
damnit
vehgyss!!!
SerNemesis: while I was on the plane I found you a possible new prime
Oooh
I'm going to pm it to you for consideration
haha happywifelife if you want to be a warrior just like all the grils in sex in the city then go for it!
Cool
you do you!!1!
ew
I mean, it's a female archetype.
no, i cannot associate myself with horseface and her entourage 
Is it enticing to men? Not really.
right
it is one
lolol
Well, it is to submissive men.
But ew.
the 4 are really limiting 
but i like the idea behind it, and the combos that they can make
nice blowing
don't blow all your wad at one table, blowing
always bet on red
ok i just hurt myself vieiwing the first 20 mins of fifty shades of grey
what a crock of shit
why would i do that
lol diane fucking fossey
:)
The combinations make it a little more specific, at least.
definitely!
Man usda prime veal is just the best
id say WingN is courtesan - warrior, trying to figure out everyone else
im madonna - courtesan 
hmm
yeh
what are the four
courtesan warrior is a lot liek gun moll
yes!
I probably fit as Nurturer-Warrior.
happy is a courtesan warrior
i think
that makes sense
maybe
ironically, veal...not that good
yeah i would have picked that one
shes def a gunmoll
hah
im a literal madonna/whore haha 
yeh lol
lol cam
aZombieKitten that sounds accurate for you!
kittenkajira is probably the same 
or at least thats how you come across kittenkajira 
I think I'm probably a nurturer-warrior too, azk.
i think im lover/counselor ? not sure 
i want meat
Wth architect
Veal tastes the best
I've always been considered the "mom" of my friend group.
i wish i could eat steak every day
veal is super
mmmm
ooh maybe Amelia! which do you think primarily describes you?
I just feel bad about eating it
why ?
Same, azk. I'm the one who takes care of people when they're sick and feeds them :p
Cause the cow was killed so young
because it didnt even get a chance to graduate and have a full life
I'm not generally nurturing though. Only for -my- people.
I would say courtesan/lover but i think ive developed more of the counselor/madonna thanks to rpw 
Yeah
aww
cool :)
they get so rubbery by the time they've seen the world 
sorry
that might be insensitive 
nah
just get this
http://www.costco.com/D%E2%80%99Artagnan-Japanese-Wagyu-Boneless-Ribeye-Roast-A-5-Grade.product.100082950.html
it looks pretty good
so WingN gunmolls have courtesan either first or second, and mommy moo cows have nurturer first or second? 
do you see the marbling on it?
Yeah, I nurture my people and forget everyone else.
beef?
.addterm beef http://www.costco.com/D%E2%80%99Artagnan-Japanese-Wagyu-Boneless-Ribeye-Roast-A-5-Grade.product.100082950.html
SerNemesis: nah brah
steak
nice, rare steak
i have eaaaate wagyu before
I've never had enough faith in my own sexual appeal to be a courtesan :p
it is amazing
yeah it looks pretty good
i want to eat that
I found prime twins
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/WUs634DP/IMG_1420.JPG
so did i
dalrymple?
the fat of wagyu melts at room temp
and i used to rely on my sexual appeal for everything lol 
fuck youi bot
really?
Me either. lol
.tell Architect beef
I mean, I've amassed enough dick for several women's share. But never really took it to heart.
If that makes any sense. lol
why am I being shown boneless ribeye roast
lol
lol lifterofthings!
a place on the coast in Oregon, a brewery, their burgers are made from wagyu
haha! 
these are the cows that live happy lives? and get massaged everyday and shit?
LOL
Meanwhile I can't sleep with a guy without falling in love with him to save my life.
amelia can i ask how old are you?
23 
Blowing++
I think the term was deleted
how geh
oh yeah we talked about this already lol
Rolf lot
Will add to gallery when I get home
youre 23 too right? 
yeah
this must be remedied
SerNemesis++
LandBeforeThyme and ElfFey which archetype combos are you?
.seen justeatstuff
.addterm Dalrymple http://imgur.com/a/ALSvz
oh canada
i feel like they are in there somewhere
.allterms
i think we all have parts of all the women, and can change..... i think i lost my "warrior" feeling and ive needed to get that back...
"be?
oh, I added an S last time
i think im mostly mother/madonna
Link again? Scrolling through what i skimmed
but i think the 4 are too narrow
i would say i am counselor/lover right now, a lot because of reading on rpw
de?
yeah i think ive moved from warrior to counselor because of rpw 
db?
.delterm "be
#teamdog?
dg69sux?
i noticed men, in fact everybody, responds really well to me when i have this attitude: She embodies the quintessentially feminine virtues of patience, silence, and faith
why is dg69 connected to a gif of doddario?
LandBeforeThyme: https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/422jgs/the_10_big_lies_of_sexual_liberation_and_the_four/
i dont know
"soft place to land" 
to put another way it's amazing what keeping my mouth shut has done
yes i do too little_red_ but just pick for fun!
.terminfo dg69sux
yes amelia
emily?
oh
her
.delterm dg69sux
oh you did already haha i missed it little_red_ 
:)
yes silence is important!
fluidbonding?
but i think to have that in combination with lover is dangerous 
in my experience.
my biggest work
I want more info on the courtesan 
lol
shutting the fuck up
"women and children are to be seen and not heard" = Ms motto sometimes haha 
greatlips?
ahog?
lmao happywifelife
4 is so broad...warrior in all aspects - just not with hub.
im not talkative at all so thats not hard for me 
greattips?
ahog2?
lol
kittenkajira what are you curious about?
Warrior-nuturer sounds right to me.  
lifting?
lifting2?
anal?
anon?
anteup?
well, she's no anon
she's hannah stocking
Amelia i dont have the issue of being combative or snarky or rude like most rpw i just can get rambly/babbly about dumb girl things that M doesnt care about
missanbae?
oh
oh yeah i do that occasionally too, ill get carried away talking about some sale at sephora or something 
lol camille
natalia?
ElfFey: my brain just isn't getting the info on courtesan in the post
pp?
Haha, I babble, too!
protowife?
i have a girl friend i text all the time to get the girly stuff out of my system hahah
.delterm anon
i need more girlfriends :X
pyridine?
haha that anteup is hilarious
i try to be conscious about talking A's ear off lol
there is always irc chat! 
yes! so happy to be back
rpw_hardcore_mode
why do we have so many retarded terms?
that's why i am here x_x
rpw_hardcore_mode?
lol, because people like abusing dah bot
i moved to a new city and have no friends here
That's a lot of whipped cream.
that looks like awful pie
forget the whipped cream
A yesdear'd me the other day. I asked him a question about where something was/etc "blah blah blah blah blah blah, d'you know?" ::him staring at computer:: "yeah i know"
lol
sloot?
lol
slut?
that wasnt a yes or no question
sn-btl?
im sure youll meet people ElfFey 
A+ for effort though
..oook
bf does that to me all the time. he doesn't try to hide it at all either.
snowhappy?
he'll be like "... sorry, I stopped listening"
lol
oook
lol yeah im like yeah you heard none of that did you "nope"
terpsplaining?
me too but ill chat with you today amelia ;)
M basically tunes out 95% of everythign I say at this point haha
tshtf?
that's stupid
theres a bill burr bit that i always think of in regards to that
thugnecessities?
oh i think i know the one!
M and his friends actually went to one of his standup shows late last year, tehy had a blast
im also super close with my mom and we talk about stupid girl stuff together haha
whores?
witzhouse?
i dont know if the bill burr bit is in this little compilation but https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zr162OZ2Z0w
but its his joke where you just tune the woman out "yeah you know sometimes you just gotta put one foot in front of the other" then you hear that inflection "oh shit that was a question"
lol
that house is idyllic
Architect Lonny did that
I don't get it
me neither
lol
maybe you're supposed to look like her
I guess you kinda do
I do that to people sometimes too, tbh.
I don't always agree with hers or atlasb's tastes, esp their rabid hate for western architecture
but that house is idyllic
I don't like this house actually
biggietrain?
the country side is attractive
I'll just be like "mhm, oh, yeah, totally" and then I realize they've stopped talking
And I'm like "... shit. There was a question, wasn't there? fuckfuckfuck"
Burr is fantastic
arianagrande?
hahaha @ whores definition
at least have a picture of her
lol
I have many 
atlas'shouse?
what was it
whores?
.allterms
who added that one; appreciate my mnemonics getting added
blushingpancake?
.terminfo whores
you do
did*
she can probably be deleted considering she's never coming back
I am so shocked
that I don't remember that
brahmin?
boldgumbo
yes, phantom A and I love watching his standup and he loves his podcasts
BUT
thats who it was i thought
canadians?
Turkey meatballs are done! BRB! :)
i guess it was kalse though
boldgumbo?
HAHA
I seriously thought I added wthub
bra?
or some acronym
not whites
whores*
like APBP
APBP?
haha
that's glorious
I usually use acronyms for mnemonics. but maybe my memory is just bad
oh hah, camille she called me snarky
.terminfo apbp
carkudo_work?
.terminfo carkudo_work
chainsaw?
SerNemesis: THE 100 IS BACK TONIGHT
.terminfo chainsaw
crisps?
The correct response to being called out on snark is always "suck my dick"
that was because katniss was claiming fries were crisps
bonus points if you append "bitch" to the end
because she's a doofus
and British
oh right
haha happywifelife!
oh fuck I'm an idiot. I must have used addterm In place of quoting
what the fuck are those things?
lol
that's why I didn't remember adding whores
those aren't crisps
vegetable crisps
dinner time, talk to you all later! 
http://www.garsons.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/Crisps-1024x682.jpg
its not BP, its ppd amd i'd rather not get the boot lol
those are crisps 
oh right
mistook it for quoting
no, those are chips
you weirdo
what is up with americans?
they call chips crisps
I know
i'm not even going to respond lol
.tell TheXanMan soccer
because you're weirdos
.tell TheXanMan football
.tell TheXanMan football
.tell TheXanMan fries
LOL
no, there are chips http://www.footballerswines.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Bowl-of-Chips.jpg
.tell TheXanMan chips
it makes more sense
they are chips
of potatoes
potato chips
so the morning routine post got me interested in waking up well before M so that i can get things in order and have a smoother experience ready for him when he gets up
im looking at personal alarm clocks right now that wake just you up not anyone else nearby
there are some really cool gadgets available!
dg69sux2
dg69sux2?
americans cannot english 
*sigh*
and its math
http://www.trendhunter.com/trends/earbud-alarm-clock 
if anyone is interested
mathS
im violently Canadian
oh yea, that's my big one
it's MATH
always dropping letters off things!
math is already plural
jeeez
also it's doughnut
                                                 i have a friend who just got hired as financial controller for a new company. he said their records and billing are in shambles and I said that they should hire me on a contract basis to go through and fix their records.
I was just texting him and told him I'd suck his boss' dick.
bf was like "<disapproving stare>"
Who've us awesome
Wine
Is
Sorry
... these are the levels to which I've sunk to get a job without having to go through the resume phase.
XD
c'mon nepotism. please, christ.
hahahaha
lifterofthings: tell him to be careful. Dh's old company used to hire unsuspecting financial people who, unpon realising exactly how fucked the books were, left.
i've seen that too
they're like, fuck this nightmare, im out
Apparently there's  a Fine line between a great controller and fraud
(+fiat) 4:40 PM <madscilove> is that really fishy? <--- i'm sort of interested as well. i have no clue about facebook culture. stopped paying attention to facebook years ago
fuck?
Most of the time yeah
.terminfo fuck
fuckwho?
This place was collecting health care payments and not enrolling a percentage of people. Then someone had an accident and the owner paid OOP
.terminfo fuckwho
Texas is great
is filozof into college football?
what happened here?
gno?
My buddy's basically a masochist for work. lol
infp2?
katniss'?
xuij?
what?
.terminfo xuij
oh RPW stuff?
I can't remember. o_o
vents?
haha that was pretty good
AtlasB Archwinger echoes my thoughts on the millennial focus on fresh/organic food: "Five years ago, you wouldn't have caught me dead in a farmer's market, wasting money paying five times the price for dirtier vegetables. But God help me, the shit actually tastes better."
okay DG69 fiat Frensel listen up i'm playing filozof if you want to observe: http://www.playok.com/en/go/#166
and anyone else who is interested
aZombieKitten? jack4ss>
lol
yes?
I'll watch, but I can't brain enough to play. lol
eughi dont need another game to add to my collection
My phone is dying omg
maybe tomorrow serN its bedtime
I midi get home
Must
btw for future PPD go games we should start transitioning to this system: https://www.gokgs.com/applet.jsp
you can also download a client for the KGS server: https://www.gokgs.com/
whats the go game?
it's the awesomest board game ever happywifelife 
even awesomer than chess
.tell happywifelife go
oh neat
does "go" stand for gay orgy
lol
its 2 am and im eating grapes to stop my stomach rumbling
i just had succulent pork
mmmm
omnomnom dinner
many good
Ladies
I am tipsy but bare with me
If the guy you're dating and you got in a tiff
And he said your feelings were irrelevant because...
I'm manic baking, wish me luck
Would that be a deal breaker for you??
Then they are irrelevant
Nmm
Of course it's not a deal breaker
So my co worker meet a nice guy and they date for two months
It depends on why he said they were irrelevant 
He missed her friends bday party Cuz of traffic
In explaining
He said something she said or felt was irrelevant
blowing r u there yet
So she is done with him
I am!
nice
I asked if she'd give him second chance ava she said no :(
Then she's an idiot
Thanks
Apparently she is in love with friend in Philly Cuz they connect but he has gf
and it probably goes a long way to explaining why she isn't already married
There's slot machines in the airport
oh yeah blowing
But they talk daily
i remember that
lol
She wishes she couldr find guy like her friend. They connect
the city is nice too, filled with billboards of half naked women
I found it interesting wanted to share
If my friend doesn't arrive soon I'm going to become a degenerate gambler
She cut him off over something so small
so she's putting more effort into a guy that is long distance AND unavailable
Have you tried telling her that she's being a ridiculous bitch?
Right
I have actually
than she is to meeting an appropriate guy
I offended her
So I said sorry
why?
is her LD friend with the gf out of her leage?
Cuz i said over dinner she would be lonely
is she pining for someone who wouldn't be interested even if he were single?
Yeah
Well that's the thing
So she had bf last year or before
For a while
usdaprime17?
usdaprime19?
This friend came down un invited to her bday thing
Her then bf was there
She's exactly what pisses TRP off :p
.addterm usdaprime19 https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/FQGbdQe1/USDA%20prime%2019
she passes over the men in her league cause she thinks she can do better.
.tell blowing usdaprime19
Anna so after wards her bf was mad this other man was claiming his territory. Made him look dumb. She defended the friend, so he broke up with her
YESSSSSSS
hoo boy.
Now she still pines over friend but he's dating
SerNemesis++
she's beta orbiting him. haha
Friend invites her to NYC but she's like why is your gf coming? Lol
Cuz she gets in the way of their connection. ROFL but she claims she don't want him
Rp at work again lol
obviously she gets in the way of their connection
I thought of y'all
if there was some bitch trying to "connect" with my bf, i'd be all up in her shit too
This guy was single last year, came down to visit. She says he didn't want her. Idk
I am tipsy but I think ladies are dumb
I think ya need new friends.
Why turn away available and then want unavoidable
Unavailable
She's my coworkers
This two months guy was cute. He's still calling her but she is done with him
Yep LandBeforeThyme we tell her that every day lol
Anyway, I'm with Camille. I don't think your guy saying yourv feeling is irrelevant is our should be a deal breaker
It's not nice but he texted to explain
He was driving from Annapolis to DC in rush hour. It's a legit excuse lol
I feel like if your man is a reasonable person an he says that then he's more than likely right
Women get so bent out of shape over the tiniest things
Idk if they were official 
Or have weird non logical reactions to things
(Me included of course)
But he was a prospect
Well, it's about power. She has none and so desperately wants it.
Two months isn't nothing. 
I don't want to be alone at 30+1
Ugh dear future husband is playing in whole foods right now
I've literally never heard this dog until now
It's awful
Song
Isn't that by the blonde fat chick?
Megan
Yes
Hmm
It's gross
I don't like her music
I've heard people complain about it but I've never heard it
It all sounds the same
what's usdaprime19?
Her song with Jon legend is okay
Didn't even know that was a thing. I don't keep up with top 40 music now that I'm jot in school anymore
You're not missing out
I only hear it Cuz R listens to radio in the car
when is the iowa caucus?
Most can't sing. It's all computers
Legends "All of you" gets my feels going.
back from dinner, yay people are still here! 
Aw love that song
Feels come from my girl
Celine Dion
Dh plays it on guitar and sings. Kills me.
Oooo
That's romantic
Idk
Celine is so classic
Soon zzzzz
Definitely wedding playlist
I miss the power ballads
What do y'all think of Ariana grande?
She can sing
i think she can sing but her persona is a little off putting to me 
?
idk she always comes off as a middle school trying to be sexy to me, lol 
Entertainers are for entertaining. I don't get the obsession with how "good" or "nice" people are. If they do their job well, that's all there is
I wish griddy was here
((off topic yet relevant))
Her song is playing
filozof february 1st
where?
ok thx
yeah i mostly agree with that although some celebs (like taylor swift) seem to treat their fans really well which works for them 
You don't read celebrity gossip I presume
its pretty interesting, seems like its a close race on both sides
http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/421wpx/former_oklahoma_city_cop_daniel_holtzclaw_gets/cz7a0rq
People don't seem to understand what defense attorney means
Lol
I wait for the nigga who lives those 263 years
"Defend your client in court, unless he's charged with something really bad!"
Then rolls out of prison
lol
"In which case jump on the shame train"
Like now what mother fuckers
hillary clinton once represented a sexual abuser
His name was Bill
which is actually one thing that she doesnt deserve to be criticized for
Sunhappy++
yeah, thats another thing
trump and cruz are neck and neck
as are clinton and sanders
this is gonna be close
pretty sure trump has some edge over cruz though
My Purgatory has the kardashians and Justin Bieber....nyet
I thought Sanders was in the lead in new Hampshire
cruz lost some support recently
Cuz of his FACE
Cruz fucking sucks
Cuz he's ugly
back i was headed home
ariana grande i think of as a kid actress its weird that she is so famous now 
it'll look funny when jeb has such a tragic result
i wonder what will his donors think
Who cares
trump is ugly too
i dont follow her life or anyhting but i do like her voice and that one song called problems or soemthing 
His fibrous is funding err body
Funders
Trump got billions
pretty horribly so
Who cares what his face is
Sunhappy thts interesting that R listens to top 40 in the car
He can pay you to like his face
probably
im pretty sure he paid quite a few women
Pay me 1 mill
and you would go for a white guy?
i was walking outside a concert hall near DC in summer 2013 and there were a million teen girls holding ariana grande signs, that was the first i had heard of her 
Lol that or hanz zimmer
Why interesting though?
Sunhappy: you would do him for 1 million?
because he is a black mani n his 40s
.tell Sunhappy sloot
ROFL
i thought he would listen to magic 102.3 or something
I know right
or like 96.3
It's just for the beat. Or to break silence. He's not paying attention if that makes sense
TONIGHT son
so is it hot 99.5 type stuff or just 95.5/93.9? becaue if its 99.5 ill really be shocked!
Bitches got bills
Lol
I'm drunk FYI
what would your bf say about that?
So really probably not
yes, we can see
For a million???
Idk
i wish i was drunk too
Amelia she was on victorious and then sam and cat
That's not that much. 
can anyone give me something to drink?
I had wine
3 glasses
preferably vodka
she did a high pitched cutesy voice/act all the time then too
I didn't know get before fans
Fame
Wine is based for you
Bad
lol\
Who would you fuck for a mil
Trump
Or
Zuckerburg?
I really like her songs though
she puts out catchy stuff 
would R pimp you out for a million?
No
I'm done talking about pumps
Pimps
i dont think i would pimp my wife for a million
R is good guy
girlfriend maybe
i'm sure he is, he's an enfp after all
ENTP I thought
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41yw3u/q4all_whats_your_biggest_flaw_aka_whats_one/cz7c8hr
smooth, Ben. real smooth 
How do you ladies sleep with your hair at night? Sunhappy?
He switches
He's a big feely entp
I wear a bonnet
Or my hair breaks
That's it :O
yeah i wouldn't pimp my wife
concubine sure
okay so i'm watching Psyche
i want to get one of those silk cap things to sleep in 
Ppd is fucking dumb yo
Why ask that
George Takei is doing a cameo lmfao
What does it have to do with debating rp
I'm trying just tying it up in a scarf to avoid breakage 
Silk helps
Like wearing it
I want to get more colorful ones, even just for bed too sometimes
I use keratin and Chi silk infusion to seal ends
that was madsci's post....
Then sleep
I liked it. 
It's not the sexiest look haha 
I haven't read it
I'm struggling not to pass out
Cuz I'm jamming to Drake
I can only read Xem's lingo laden diatribes for so long
And feeling my wine
lol
Do you have to wash it out in the AM?
Listening to his remix
Of back that ass up
He has so many feels
I might give bonnets another shot
I don't wash my hair
But it's a leave in
do you co wash? 
No I go to the salon
200 a month
Self care yay
one of my friends does that too, she gets weekly blow outs 
lmfao George Takei
I love it
I want hurr
"i specifically requested north carolina blueberries, but they sent me michigan blueberries"
"people say i'm crazy but i can taste the difference"
I probably average $75 every other month at the salon
Not even hair but HURR. swinging and stuff
im getting a hair cut tomorrow yay! 
I want dreads!
But that's a long way away
Ooo dreads
Freeform?
Or sister locs
Probably sisterlocs because the guy I go to already does those
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/420uvw/ugly_girls_are_not_nice/
But maybe not quite as tiny
women just suck then
just say that instead 
I've gotta grow it out more before anything else
yay https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4220ix/breaking_iowa_dem_cnnorc_poll_s_sanders_51/
is this too wonky to use, shoukd i try to reapplique the center square? https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/isLX74Xf/2016-01-21+22.18.17.jpg
I'm unhappy with it
i don't know, in my experience the hotter the woman, the more arrogant she is
right
that's what we keep being told anyway
wait, we as in people, not hot women...
i thought you considered yourself one of the hotties
nah
It didn't look even on all sides
filozof: you like Sanders?
Very pretty though
if Sanders wins the nomination Trump is going to be president 
i need to see your transformation post once more
Trump is winning
DG69: sanders is not bad
no you dot
*dont
Unless he massively ducks up
If Clinton wins the nomination trump is going to be president 
It's gonna a Republican
Regardless
he's a filthy leftist, but at least an honest one
Election cycles
why not dragoness ?
I guess what I'm saying is, Trump is going to be president 
Thank you
Y'all should just accept that
lol
I'd be shocked if someone else won
I need water
right
water is pretty good
I thanks
Think
is the center square of this too visibly wonky https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/0aKDE7uO/20160121_222305.jpg
lol, AtlasB works for the StarLeague
AtlasB: are you working tomorrow
I'm tells working
Teleworking
http://i.imgur.com/JN7tvRG.jpg
I see two people
um
so, is there any specific reason why you just posted that pic filozof? 
i guess it stood out to me
Why
lol..
Cuz nigga be pimping
Spend the gs
I think it looks awesome 
<filozof> i guess it stood out to me
why?
and what did that seem like a normal thing to do?
*why
dezz are you an RPW
i might be able to fix the center with some judicious spray starching
dezz you will be kicked if you do not answer in 1 minute
or i have to cut the center off and reapply it
grrr
i worked for 2 hours
who ar ethose ppl?
dragoness, her friend and a music artist
Wow that's just two hours of work
from Linkin Park
It's really nice
i like mike shinoda
i like the color combination you used 
are you wearing man jeans dragoness D:
probably 
Seriously who area those people
actually no, plus size blothing is just really atrocious 
its like a pet peeve of mine, man jeans on a woman
Not all Asians
*clothing, wt is up with my keyboard 
Look like linking park guy
yeah but you get a bit of spandex in woman's jeans
you get pure cotton in man jeans
and it looks terrible with a female top
why did you just post that pic in th emain without her permission?
Wait is that dragoness 
yep
Ooh
to be fair, its on her reddit account
How did your hair survive bleach??
???
It didnt. I had to cut the majority of it off because of the damage IIRC
I sex
See
lol
My poor face. Stupid flu
It's like the klan
Punched my face
And said fuck you. Get sick!!
<filozof> to be fair, its on her reddit account
but why??
filozof just posted a picture of dragoness in mainchat?
wtf man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDFDa7Jv5qM
posting nudes of dg is gross enough but at least that was in ppdafterdark
hahahaha
Wait what the fuck
lolol worldtraveller
Like real nurses
Nudes
Why
Ooh wow
Oh shit
can unban after a while
he legitimately posted a nude picture of DG?
I thought that was a joke
Hey you shouldn't ban him
I don't care
its nto over you
yeh thats why i didnt ike the picswap channel
wait if it is on her reddit account
it is public no?
jus tbecause someones here doesnt mean i want them to see my pic
i mean might be bad form to post it
but not exactly doxxing
WingN dezz is in other rooms that belong to you guys 
It's still shitty to post pictures of someone without their okaying it.
Agreed
yeahh
looking
I think it's up to dragoness. To be honest, I think she's shown that picture to most people already. If she's not bothered, I think he should be allowed back. It's maybe a little...weird that he went through her history to find and post it randomly
but otherwise...
I'm just annoyed. 
because..WHY?
he'll be allowed back 
after some time 
and lord, why that picture
if he apologises
Right dragoness. It seemed odd
he seems to have chose it because he thinks it was unflattering 
just rude
he said it stood out to him
right
because hes been full of piss and vinegar lately
thats why
witzie: yea
hes full of making points
drok: do you guys not get along usually?
he has points to make
19:36:31 <@witzie> he seems to have chose it because he thinks it was unflattering 
hes brave
oh yea i see
hes feeling brave today
he can go live in ppdafterdark with the lovelorn and be brave
What's going on?
lolol
he was full of bravery earlier today
oh just fantastic
i banned him from my minecraft server
so he chose a "before" picture?
yes
yeah ,defniitely trying to shame her 
like a little bitch
yes
fuck
Hmm
fat little faggot
who needs him
drok can you temp ban him from ppd too
fucking kissless loser
nobody
115 iq someone told him he was super SMRT onc
e
can you guys give me advice about a female friend? ill try to be brief 
I'll try
I love you
why did he randomly post that pic
id put a fucking gun in his mouth in five of his faggot seconds
nobody
im just at a loss and not sure who to ask! 
SexyMcSexington: why did uou post nudes of DG69
Come to miss Cleo lol
PM me if you want to know why
well she doesnt care about that
apparently
so whatever
that was there
so i have this best girl friend (lives in another state for about a year, but we talked on the phone multiple times a week and remained super close) 
in their scummy beating off room
shit's getting real weird around here
i heard planejane put a stop to that right quick
How so?
She did.
She said they'd be banned if one more was posted.
no more attention whoring for her fat low rent pig face with  hot dg around
lol
Damn
in september i was diagnosed with lymphoma - and all of a sudden she just sort of disappeared 
Shots fired
for real
dude dont piss me the fuck off
atlasb?
hahaha aZombieKitten 
Blap blap blap
you think im kidding
lol
she stopped reaching out, would not respond to my texts/calls or take forever to reply, just really weird and out of character for her 
I think it's disgusting they were even posted in the first place.
Would filozof be banned if he had just linked to dragoness's post on Reddit
That had that picture
yeah but we dont post pics here
and what was the context?
i dont know if i should just give up on the friendship or not at this point 
no context
i don't think he is banned for posting the pic
he just did it
We've had this issue before
1) This isn't the pic chat.
while drag was talking
It stood out to him lol
he is banned for implicitly mocking her
temp-banned
2) Seems like he picked a very specific one to post.
Hmm
I almost didn't sign on today
like i cant think of a reason why she couldnt even occasionally text me "hope you're doing well!" 
Should be permanent
lolol arch
and look what I would have missed
hahaha Architect 
I have a friend who did that
I didn't outright say we're no longer friends
I just fell back
I was thinking "maybe I should read a book today"
And stopped reaching out
Architect++
lolol
the IRC drama train never fails to make a stop
join the IRC they said. It'll be fun they said
For peace of mind. If she comes back, we can talk. But that was it
did they ever reach out to you? 
Architect++
Yeah
To talk about shallow sruff
im so frustrated because she was such an amazing friend and it's so out of character for her 
Now you know to never read a book again
man dragoness got so pretty 
looking at the post 
DG69: haha
He's been getting weird lately
he just picked the worst picture that she said she was ashamed to show 
Mmhm.
and i see her always posting instagram/snapchat stuff about all the fun things shes doing and nights out she has and i feel resentment 
thanks witzie
as if she didn't transform into freaking gorgeous
dragoness doesn't believe me when we talk on skype about how the boiz gossip
Sounds like a lot is effort
Of
Stop building him up if he is being a dick
no one needs to make this chat ugly
"pspspsppspss dragoness is a hottie pspsppsps"
I don't care how incel he is
is lymphoma fatal? 
yeah yeah 
This is why bullying happened
does anyone actually try to build him up?
drok++
this is why bullying happens
it can be, but the cure rates are very very high 
not ENOUGH bullying is causing ppl like him
he needs to be beaten to within an inch of his life
she may not know how to handle the gravity of your situation
We talk to him even tho he's a fucking loser so yeah that's building him up
Yeah that's what I mean
yeah I was wondering if it was something like that 
maybe shes dealt with losing someone close before and it made an impact on her
He should have been left in the would a to die as a baby
Woods*
I don't mind him. He's often times part of the late night crew with me and madsci and a few others, but he never really takes much interest in other people which I find odd. 
maybe she thinks if she distances herself now she wont feel as sad if soemthing bad happens to you
I mind him
or maybe its ocmpletely unrelated and she just wants to distance herself for other reasons
right
it sucks that you have drifted apart :\
he says he has bad social skills
I'll go in the minding him column
really bad
He uses shit against people
maybe he got a power trip with the DG thing and continued on with dragoness
I suppose 
Yeah
He's a dick.
If you say something to him ever he throws it in your face
she was like my female soul mate, it's so sad 
but he knows DG actually likes him
do you think i should say something? or just pull back 
BP building him up too, and it seems like he crushes on her
DG likes everyone though, im sure he knows that. It's harder to earn respect from people who are not easily impressed. 
BP?
Blushingpancakes
dg needs the protection of ppl lik eme
In afterdark
good let them build him up in there
Thanks drok
thats great
I feel very safe thanks to atlas <3
DG69: Be careful please
want me to kill anyoen for you?
please say yes
God, sometimes the incels really get on my nerves in general, but I swear, that's just beyond gross.
is there chatting in afterdark drok?
I don't want you in an alley somewhere
I don't see any
DG69: I think you're probably one of our best additions in a while :)
Or taken to Poland
Well I asked DG69 I know you have different views than me
yes
dg69++
Nobody's said anything in AD about it.
you, PJ and BP came here at the same time
and only you are left
No one is chatting there ATM
loool
been dead for over an hour
Is that long?
Aww yay!
if you guys were actually close it could be worth it to bring it up to her
I didn't realize you guys hated filozof so much
sort of, it's been pretty quiet all day
maybe you guys can get the friendship back on track
filozof has a massive crush on DG69 and a smaller one on BP
or at least youd have a final answer
I dont go there often though so I dont know if thats the norm
Well we didn't really
id just reach out 1 more time though 
But susandeath stood up for him
i dunno i don't hate him
Because he didn't want to be called a sperg
do you think i should try to be a little more straight forward? 
And I said ok, if he wants to be a sensitive man that's fine
But we aren't going to put up with his shit then
I don't really get along with filo because of how he argues, but I don't think I've ever really outright hated him.
AtlasB: I do have a list of future murder victims for you
He's insulted people before
Blowing can help with the bodies
He's insulted me a lot
DG69: in here, people can hate you one week and love you the next. He just played WAY too hard for one week I guess
Right blowing
hes like a passive aggressive little girl
That's what I told her
<blowing> He's insulted me a lot
his bullshit in here today
oh yes
over people "being scaredddd to 'disagree'"
yes very straight forward but not whiny or desperate
You Can't be a sissy and then go around offending people
right
exactly
he insulted a bunch of people a lot
thats why sissies get socked
and then cried foul at being called autistic
lol, when he said he was autistic to begin with
if he had aspergers his iq would probably be smarter
alright, thanks 
then says he was just agreeing with everyone else's assessment 
uh
higher
7:45 PM <Architect> dragoness doesn't believe me when we talk on skype about how the boiz gossip <--- lol. no one keeps me up to date on gossip. i ask once in a blue moon when i think I really need to be kept up to date.
mah ah-Q is SMRT!
but if she doesnt respond or if she says no then thats it, dont try to contact her again
Yeah guess I have seen him be pretty mean
:(
waspish
best of luck~
like a girl
!
yeah you're right 
thank you both! and sorry for the depressing stuff 
Fiat I got you bro. I know everything that goes on behind the scenes here.  I'm the PPD Inquirer
You won't BELIEVE what she said to.him!
WHO's having a baby!?!?!
lol
thanks man, i'll ask you if i feel the need. i somehow managed to catch today's gossip by chance
so i says to mabel i says
i miss most of it, but not this one
Hahaha
Architect++
preemptive payment for the services
lol atlas
i have been holding my tongue at him all day
it was going to leak out at some point
then id have to ban myslef
"No ring without a prenuptial!" Says drok
See pg.21
I shudder to think that kinds of ads are on the last few pages
K, I ran out. 
"massage services" no doubt
Haha dragoness 
It is really childish.
Casual encounters
So how was your guys actual day?
browsing craigslist casual encounters is the closest i've felt to having to take a shower after internet usage
no worries Amelia <3
not even bluewaffles did that to me
Link sexy
Show us how bad
cathy_catherine ElfFey kittenkajira Leraine little_red_ littlebee lo_andbehold 
nooo
no not bluewaffles i'm not that much of an asshole
is blue waffles a hoax
hi madscilove 
Sorry I assume it's not pics
i dont think so
Lol no more pics
it is a unpleasant pic
I have an audio recording of me reading M4M on craigslist
Lol
oh god
"555-555-5555...tame this cock. Get at me"
No thank you
uguh
It's bad  
M4M is one thing that actually makes my fucking skin crawl 
hey amelia :)
sooooo many married dudes
what's up?
really? i thought it was just ugly gay men
don't make me go back there
Architect> I have an audio recording of me reading M4M on craigslist
...whyyy?
I actually didn't catch the part about YOU reading it Architect lolol
because it was pure comedy. I recorded it for someone else. 
"comedy"
suuuuure
im
im
im not gay
ok!?
im looking at some recipes and trying to meal plan 
architect?
hmmmm
libel
lol
and slander
I didn't say it
Architect?
;P
lol
so no one told me if it was too wonky or not
for the month of january ive been doing 2 new beef recipes per week
yeah, only the bot did
this is like making a murderer
it will be part of a big quilt
WingN if what was wonky i missed it?
"so you're a gay man?"
should i redo the center
"yes"
oh good youll tell me
hold on
any good ones camille? im really not good at cooking beef 
a sugary gay man?
"yeahhhhhh"
"so you fuck dudes"
oh, you finally watched it
"no"
lol, my coworker convinced me to keep going past ep2
if you don't tell us you fuck dudes we can't help you
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/0aKDE7uO/20160121_222305.jpg
witzie++
the center square is appliqued
i can pull it off
terrible design
it may be all the patterns but it does look wonky
ich gern vaginas
no its wonky for sure
bleh
the center doesnt look like its straight? idk im studying it closer
its not
i have it zoomed in in a different window haha
my h said "who cares it wioll be part fo a big quilt
but im not happy
is it fixable?
i could put a bigger square over it
like easily fixable?
i guess
the designs so poor im afraid it will be wonky again
aww 
maybe if i glue it to paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZjVI47p160
stiffen it up
or use starch
that could help!
I want one of these and I don't even ride
i tried to fold down the edges so it would be neat
will it be noticeable once its with the other pieces?
if you look
ill always know
right 
the rest of it came out good
the centre square is removeable you said?
ill pick it off tomorrow
snow days quilting
yeh
its appliqued on
at minimum i think that should be adjusted
but the stitch will be annoying to unsew
yeh
it sucks that you have to redo things
thanks
youre welcome!
ive forgotten  how to quilt
and every time i restart i screw up
lol
im tryingnot to get discouraged
lol that is crazy, youve made breathtaking pieces before
quilting, cross stick, knitting, etc
ok back to beef recipes
im making beef stew on snow day yay
yay WingN!
i want to make a quilt with my old sorority tshirts but i have no idea how to quilt lol 
so far this month Amelia ive made beef wellington, this Mediterranean beef and lamb kebap thing, swedish meatballs, beef curry/vindaloo
whenever ya'll want to unban filozof tell me pls
and 2 others but i forget i have to check the menus 
oooh i should try swedish meatballs 
tshirt quilt it pretty easy
oh yeah, I heard he got banned
our go tos for beef are meatloaf, stew, steak, terriyaki beef stirfry, burgeres
yeh i have chicken and burgers too
different roasts 
i can do stir fry, meatballs, and meatloaf but i have a hard time getting the perfect medium rare for steak 
do you have a thermometer?
i wont stand in the way of his unbanning
oh and beef stroganoff
but i could live without him forever
yes ive tried with a thermometer! 
it sup to eveyrone else
ill just put him on ignore
but i think the one i used wasnt working correctly 
atlas why are you loading that gun?
I really dislike him
im sure i wont notice like usual when i put someone on ignore
a lot
Is he begging to come back?
put that down
hmm that interesting how are you cooking it? searing it on the stove adn then finishing in the oven? (my method)
so I'd be happy if he never came back
i just seared it, but i should try it that way 
it's been months since ive tried 
He's mean for no reason and without wit
i cook it at 400 for maybe 10 mins
he thinks hes super funny andhigh iq
He needs more time out
At least a day then we can talk about it
im inspired to try again 
sounds good to me drok
i will go with whatever everyone else wants
im also less paranoid about getting oil hot on the stove now lol 
oil?
do you guys eat leftovers camille
i use butter but i guess oil works too!
like oil in the pan 
yeah or butter 
I can only make like 3 or 4 main big meals a week 
because there are always so many iterations of leftovers
no witzie we dont 
i cook every night 
unless we eat out 
TBH he's been rustling my jimmies the past few days
i tried to do large meals and have leftovers and we never ate them
I don't make leftovers on purpose 
most of my cooking is too much for 2 people in one meal I guess
I learned to cook cooking for my family I guess
actually, im the worst at finishing leftovers, M got so mad at me one time for having food leftover for too long that he dumped the leftoveres on my head!
lol
!! Lol
ahahah
and now im just not allowed to ever have leftovers ever not even from restaraunts
I don't know why his change in attitude
i burst into tears you guys
usually I cook leftovers into different meals 
but now we laugh about it
he's always been like that as far as I can tell
right
like lots of stuff gets fried and thrown in burritoes or some such
Yeah
It's like omega types actually PMS
maybe he's going through something. Or trying a new way of socializing
leftovers
if we have leftovers it's usually a snack size and he may it eat after the gym 
or leftover soup
ah smart witzie 
he's been like that since he first came here...or came back, whatever
he's always been at least a little nasty
yeah
i just buy enouhg for the oen meal now
He's man-struating
I often cook more than we can eat a night but we always finish it up in a day or two
as he never failed to remind us "noobs"
But it's definitely gotten worse
Hard to cook a pot roast for 2 lol
he said anytime i dont eat something that i say i will i will end up wearing it
11:17 PM <blowing> He's man-struating
so i leaned my lesson
hahahaa
Like more I couldn't tell if aspie or nasty
my bf isnt a big fan of eating the same thing days in a row and our freezer is too full of medical stuff 
blowing++
Nasty
Now it's clearly being nasty
bring him back later
haha it is hard little_red_ !
Before* I couldn't
what kind of medical stuff Amelia ?
Omegas definitely seem to PMS.
Refrigerated medical stuff
Too much semen seeping back into their brains
i have these cap things i wear on my head during chemotherapy to prevent hair loss and they take up tons of space in the freezer 
hahaha
eww
I'm sorry
For that image
lol 
can someone describe the internal process of accepting shame / habitat formation - ok let me explain
ewww blowing
blowing++
oh thats cool i didnt realise you could prevent hairloss from medical treatments
Oooo I saw those recently. Sorry to hear about chemo though!
oh that is cool
it's cool
i need to take a shower now
hope you're doing ok!
Get it
Cause the fridge
Guys
I'm reading stuff about how russian women are submissive, and I know a lot of it is exaggerated, but a lot of personal testimonies, etc, it's kind of indisputable
don't worry guys. I'll train him up. He'll be a perfectly pleasant extro in no time. 
and I'm scratching my head how it happens
because... guys haven't changed
yeah theyre working so im happy! 
little_red_++
like, the generation of men who fought in WWII had pin-ups
Architect rehabilitation school?
I'll endorse it
Re education camp
Lol
lol, Arch's rehabilitation school for wayward incels
 <bardolatta> I'm reading stuff about how russian women are submissive
today men watch porn - and they still prefer vapid gold diggers
russian women don't strike me as submissive
and generally nasty people
lol
yeah
Glad to hear it amelia!
mads
someone described them once as having "weaponized femininity"
I mean, traditional
^ that is russian women
sure
they're lions
ok
damn that's a solid term
russian women are gagey
and shrewd
cagey*
but I read a lot of testimonies from a mail order bride thread
they use what theyve got to get what they want
where do you guys get this?
russian women are probably more willing to act feminine
they need uber alphas
I'm marrying into a russian family
I mean, they're more willing to pay the housewife role
that
yeah
a mail order bride thread is a terrible demographic survey
Like south East Asian women
russia is much more conservative
They aren't actually submissive
my MIL is a great example of a russian woman. sweet and feminine but tough as nails
you don't fuck wtih her
lol nice pun little_red_ 
backstory: I read a long mail order bride story, was expecting 100% she took every penny I had. Shocker: 60% had happy endings
is there any culture of actually submissive women?
madscilove right I'm talking about the sweet and feminine part
i do what i can
like how does it get instilled
by not having a bitchy mother
b/c when I try to think about how western women became what they are, and I think about school
I don't think you can separate it from the shrewdness that atlasb mentioned, though. because that is important
they're not sweet for sweetness sake
it's to get what they want
feminism isn't really indoctrinated in K-12
Culture
no its done my media, culture
ok sure but they're willing to defer, at least play that role
sure
what is socially acceptable
like, I'm hurting my head thinking, did my hs slip in andrea dworkin, and no, definitely not
but where? from watching sex and the city?
yeah maybe, I'm just totally cut off from girl culture
more like nbc
its not girl culture
I also considered trickle down theory
you have sheryl sandberg, she writes a book
some people got the man-hating message, some people said "lol fuck that"
women in their 30s read it, trickles down to 20s, down to teens
who copy their elders, etc
then it becomes a habit you can shake off
trickle down sexonomics?
no trickle down behavior
I remember girls had to take shop class
And I had to take home ec
madscilove will she argue when doesn't get what she want
like how does the lion-ness manifest
nah she'll just stab ylu in the back
I've never seen her argue, actually. 
see that's what makes me curious
lots of soft power, though. she's very good at convincing people to do things her way
I don't think men have changed at all in america, but women have
what are the best things you all have cooked recently? i need some new recipes to try
that's such utter hogwash
men have changed
men have changed tons
to the extent that men have changed, atlasb
theyve changed SO dramatically
I know you were going to say something
i cant eventell you
I think they're responding to incentives
its liek another species
men have changed beyond recognition
i posted the recipe for a really great balsamic pork loin i made (last?) weekend
men aren't traditional anymore either
it smore then incentives
b/c women these days are super sensitive
theres porn
it was terrific 
ok sure
if anything women have changed because of men
men ar enothign like the men i knew
not the other way around
both in tandem id say
witzie ??
no women really changed too
oh of course
its an arms race
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/3vq3mg/the_way_to_a_mans_heart/cyuegfg?context=3
right but I feel it's a lag
men are still too conservative given how things are
i guess, inhibited beta type men
I'm curious how you think men are the same bardolatta
in what ays?
*ways
they are SO not the same
omg
they are so moralistic now
like, they still want and are willing to play by the old rules
faggy
overemotional 
girly 
nah, men expect threesomes now. anal. 
take girls out on dates, dinner, courtship
threesomes is the biggest diff, I think
yeh no one did tha tin the 80s
lol
madscilove that is ridiculous
that's all superficial shows of "traditionalism"
then there is always keilbasa pasta that mr asks for. its the only pasta we eat so i dont feel all too guilty when i make it 
i didnt knwo one personwho went on actual dates
in college
no one wants anal or threesomes except 8s with a plate 5
actual dates lololol
hahahahaha
LOL 
HAH
bardolatta: somehow I think you're not in the dating scene dating modern men
ALLLL MEN WANT THREESOMES ANDANAL
every single man expects anal
DUDE
MOST want threesomes
for real
ooh that pork loin looks good
I don't know who you're dating
oops you mad eme hit capslock
but even statistically it's not that common
madscilove: every single man expects anal <- can confirm, am man
poop come sfrom there
they all wante danal 20 yrs ago
it's a part of modern dating
nut not threesomes
amelia it is SO freaking good lol
Dates in college = Netflix and chill
porn hadnt saturated their brains with that expectation yet
I mean they'll try for anal, but it's not an expectation
im still not down with threesomes
drok right
who went on "dates
lolol
OPP when with me
Although I did blockbuster and then redbox
no ne
i rarely use our slow cooker but i love how it makes the whole house smell good all day
and not in a 'oh man wouldn't that be an awesome fantasy" way either 
I angered a few dudes by going on actual dates with them
the people I know still go on dates
men today ACTUAL believe their nice GFs will have threesomes with them
and demand it
"Want to come back to my place?" No...   "You're a cunt" 
we only have a 2qt one right now but crock pot just had a sale so i got a 7qt one shipped for $22!
women they say i love you too
right atlas
man has a bad partner?  "women are cunt shrew whores who should die."
woman has a bad partner?  "it's her fault for not choosing a 300 pound incel who would treat her like a princess" (but realistically would keep jacking off to his anime pillow all day) 
punk rock guys an dbikers didnt do that in the 80s-90s
I didn't have money in college
you say everyone demands it but there are rarely any threads about people doing it
There was no way I was going on dates
I've never even heard of anyone doing a threesome
"threads"
im talkign baotu real life
real life an
*man
AtlasB++
people don't talk about threesomes IRL
huh?
the ones who do it aren't going to run out and tell their friends about their scandal 
like, when you say men demand threesomes, personally?
how do you they it's prevalent?
cause they date men?
plus - i said again, it's mainly a hypergamy thing
Amelia out of all the new stuff ive made this month beef wellington has been my favourite
8s asking their 6 plate to try weird things
its a PORN thing
i think ours is 5 qts
oh i remembered the final new meal i did steamed potstickers/dumplings 
^
the notion that the average guy has that kind of leverage with the average girl is ridiculous
wtf bardolatta i've gotten anal all the time and i'm not an 8
we're not talking about plates/fwbs
and coney chili w/ hot dogs
right but did you have the power to demand it
right, girlfriends who are "prudes" if they won't try anal or threesomes
so people in relationships doing it? Great way to stir the pot
e.g.
like that's a normal thing
i cant even imagine a girlfriend not doing anal at this point
wives/gfs
dump your gf if she didn't
i want to try that too camille! i need to get a good thermometer 
maybe you could make monthly challenges Amelia to help you w/ cooking
you dont have to be an 8 to be higher value than your gf
right
that's a definite nope zone
ugh camille i havent had good potstickers in ages
but I"m still saying
go talk to the TRPS
in their chat
for me this month it was 2 new beef recipes no idea what feb's will be
anal is still a hypergamy phenomenon
that's a good idea
how?
they all force their wives to have threesomes
where the guy is 1-3 smv higher than the girl
lol
*2 per week
o.O
they also talk about bagging models
you can't just cherry pick their worst stories
where are all these hot men actually dating lower SMV women?
i may focus on a cuisine or a technique or a new ingredient 
dragoness let me show you
the other day my boyfriend said he rarely wants to eat out now because my cooking has gotten so good, it was sooo nice to hear that 
Lol
little_red_ these were good but not the best thing ever, im going to try a different recipe next time
http://deadspin.com/5652280/the-full-duke-university-fuck-list-thesis-from-a-former-female-student/
dating, not fucking, mind 
thats awesome amelia!
ok, fucking
aww yay!
right, not dating
fucking
but you guys are talking about sexual behavior
anal, threesome, etc
therein lies the problem 
yeh we all read that
the problem?
heres the thing
i had thi slike whole real life social life
i just stay on pinterest looking for pinspiration/something that strikes my fancy
of actual real lif eppl
who fucked
a LOT
ok...
and its not just 8s
and 5s
i really should make a pinterest account  
have you guys tried spaghetti squash?
any men with balls are demanding threesomes
yeah I don't really see it as a relationship endeavor 
and yes you absolutely should lol
you dont have to be an eight to have balls
dragoness are you saying the men who F-ed Karen Owens are the problem?
because men were always like that
in the 50s, a 5 just didn't sleep with 8s
no
i havent 
me niether
lol sure she did
she was a secretary
or a shop girl
ok what is the problem?
what problem?
I'm saying you're talking about men asking casuals for anal and threesomes 
not just casuals
their wives
when we/they were talking about people in relationships 
and girlfriends
right
yep
liek its nothing
like it's normal
:o its really good! i made spaghetti squash shrimp carbonara the other day
liek why owuld you een car eabotu a threesome??
so many people talk about threesomes in sex talk now
it snot cheating were doing it together@!
dragoness right, I'm denying that a man with SMV X has the leverage to expect it
its not even my thing and i hear it all the time
demand it, sure, ask nicely with a likely rejection, but expect it?
yeh ugly men break up with women
They ALL seem to expect it.
Especially anal.
my mom gave me one of those things to make noodles out of veggies but i havent tried it yet! 
opens the gate "Oh we had sex before, you can't get mad if we do it agian ewithout you lol"
they think it sjus tnormal
ooh good point ZingMaster
they get pissy that their gf is being a prude if they don't, esp. with anal
I think there's a difference between aspiration and expectation
they ASK for it
liek its normal
no, it's not like "oh, ok honey I won't bring it up again"
no mendid that in 1986
right I'm not saying they don't ask
it becomes a point of contention
right
i should try that "i had sex with your cunt, so if i do it with your butt you can't get mad"
Every ex I've had has expected anal.
lol
men feel deprived
"don't mind the bleeding, that'll stop :)"
Like it's just a thing everyone does now.
they think the point of a GF
how to fuck up a relationship: threesome
but apart from anal, what else has changed
ive wanted to try to make zuchinni noodles but i dont have a little noodler thing!
lol
isd that you get to do everythign youve seen in porn
threesome expectations
Used to it was "Whoops, wrong hole."
lolol
madscilove did you grant it
thank god my h thinks anal is gay
can't say that hasn't happened
my mom said it was pretty inexpensive 
more like "Whoops, right hole" (   )
bardolatta: nah, my fellow's super mono. he doesn't want a threesome (unicornnn)
and if she complains
acute pain reaction is to kick/punch/squirm awat without regard for sensitive areas getting injured in the process
so how are you getting this info
but all of my friends have male SOs that pester them for it
and my ex's
if it's a friend, did she grant it
"Well I can actually feel something around my penis now"
i love cooking :) especially trying out new recipes
I mean women will pester you to become a millionaire
especially spicy food yom
lol SexyMcSexington 
it doesn't mean you can't get a date if you're not a millionaire
bardolatta: some of them did, some of them didn't
no women aren't that bad
Rofl
me too! it's become a big hobby for me 
the ones who had a theesome usually had their relationship implode
What women pester you to become a millionaire?
one thing i REALLY want to do is make A some boudin
you're more likely to not get a date because no anal than no millionaire
In what world does that normally happen?
aZombieKitten++
I mean the preference for wealthier men
because they have threesomes with actual ppl
well, one is more unrealistic due to unavailability 
also, ambition
bardolatta: how much of your info comes from the internet and how much from real life?
(boudin is like a rice/sausage thats really popular in Louisiana)
madscilove: yup, thats why im going to avoid threesomes
out of curiousity
ive never heard of it! 
when i open my escort service just for threesome
he's been craving it since weve moved
you can't just grab a million dollars, but everyone has an ass
SexyMcSexington: dodged a bullet by finding my unicorn :3
s"the Unicorn Far>
ugh
If I got my info from the internet, it would skew toward too much perversion, not too little
the Unicorn Farm
Generally, any kind of exceptionally exciting sex ruins it.
http://boudinlink.com/Market_Basket/MarketBasket4.JPG
every says how everyone on the board is far more perverted than people IRL
were getting our info from fuickign men
and beign in relaitonships with them
i think its the whole "bring another human in"
definitely not the healthiest thing in the world though lol
and dating them
but BOTH from the web and irl this kind of behavior is far from universal
"and have sex with them"
that makes it risky
nah
this is the first place where anyone suggested threesomes are the norm
I can't understand what you are even trying to say bardolatta
if they go away after its like theyre dead
they'd be the norm in men's fantasies i bet
next best thing to getting to kill them after
The unicorn farm!
haha you have to treat yourself sometimes right? 
I like it
yes
drok I'm saying men haven't changed
no one said its the norm
anyway, this is all getting off topic, but I'm saying that the expectations of a wife have changed
we said men demanding it is 
They have
Men are a lot more feminine now
Threesomes are hardly normal.
she's now expected to be a porn star sex goddess who does kink and anal and threesomes
men have changed so drasticlaly i dotnrecognize them
wives were never traditionally that
men are feminine 
weak
gay friendly
maybe that's how they fulfill their manliness?
emotional
submissive
frightened of women
by having their SO do kinky shit
yes it is actually
yep! i was telling phantom the other day A will crave chocolate cake and its all i can do to keep myself from going to the store and buying it for him lol
SMS youre right
as men lose their role 2 things are happening
beards
madscilove true, but much like how the expectation of the men has changed
It does make sense for why kink is on the rise.
and kinks involving dominance an dhumiliation
Zingmaster: I agree. but bardolatta was saying that only women have changed
i haveheard this straight from the horse smouth
my boyfriend told me to stop buying desserts even when he asks for them lol 
I was just helping to point out the ways that men and their expectations have also changed
you cant change one without changing the other
yeah
madscilove it's still prevalent in marriages that men will get little to no sex
after a few years
I suspect the friend who had the threesome was a semi-plate
how does that prove your point that men haven't changed?
That has always been normal.
men get more sex from their wives today than they did 100 years ago, I guarantee it
Sex doesn't stay frequent forever.
bardo onlyu th emost beta men are making up the bulk of marieds today
Even in regular relationships, it slows.
probably and especially with drugs and other arousal enhancers
because it has a negligible influence on equal smv relationships
both alphas and betas used to marry
maybe it makes them feel young
alphas have een freed from marriage
in all the equal smv relationships I saw, the woman had leverage
1: men today think once a week after 10 years of marriage is a "deadbedroom" 
which is hilarious
if the man did surprise anal, he'd get dumped instantly
they're getting more sex today than they did in history
so that argument is bullcrap
no one likes surprise anal
yep thats just like A. he says he wants it but what he means is that he's currently craving it but doesnt want to CAVE to it lol
shit hurts
2: they're turning off their wives by all the porn stuff they're into 
witzie I maintain men are getting less sex now than any other point in history
yup
nah
where female initiation doesn't count
youre fantasizing
so i make these little frozen banana pops with mini chocolate chips
and they whine and whine and whine
at their wives
seems to do the trick if he really has a hankerin
to aggressively have gay man sex with them
men didnt get much sex form their wives after 3-6 babies
yeah same as mine! 
SexyMcSexington++
"push me against the wall!" 
and they didtn expect it
they werent all porne dup
that's an easy way to get a deadbedroom
ive been looking into healthy dessert options, that sounds yummy 
they wer egenuinely religious
witzie, if you look at dead bedrooms no one's asking their wives for anal
they just want regular sex
askmen discounts every single iota of female sexuality 
you're bringing up an extreme section of the internet
to prove your point
we're talking about normal marriages
bardolatta: I've seen guys in deadbedrooms complain about once a week being a deadbedroom
or even more
ok, can you give an example, documentation?
of a man who ruined his marriage by pestering for anal nonstop
Because there's a heavy expectation for high amounts of sex.
like I've never heard this ever
no one said that
Used to, sex was really generally only used for popping out kids.
then I don't know what witzie is saying
You think that sub would not exist 30 years ago
there have been posts on deadbedrooms where the wife shows up and tells the other side of teh story
If there was Reddit
men went to hookers
I'll read it
and had mistresses
and banged a secretary
the man being gross and mean etc 
witzie if there a way I can find it
or a shop girl
They didn't pester their wives unnecessarily.
there were slut sin bars
She'd done her job.
they didnt expect their wives to be porn stars
my BFs in the 80s and 90s didnt expect it
well make prostitution legal again
they hadnt watched 10000 hours of porn
yep, if you can find pop molds you can just use those but i couldnt so i bought the jell-o popsicle bxo and just threw the jello boxes out lol
by 19
DG69 threat already existed 30 years ago, if you say "60," I'd say yes, it wouldn't exist
ok, I'm asking for one thread
if they saw a playboy they were happy
not even sure about 60 at this point
then just freeze the bananas and blend em up and put em in the molds!
where a man pesters his wife for porn star sex
we ar etalkignabotu real woimens ecxperiences
nto internet posts
all of them
read deadbedrooms and MRP
I've seen them bardolatta I'm just not going to go digging because thats annoying
i have the biggest sweet tooth so i need alternatives to candy haha
you had a friend personally whose husband got into fights with her over anal?
ok no one said that
youre eithe rbeing intellectually dishonest ofr sperging out
right now we're arguing "bardolatta> witzie I maintain men are getting less sex now than any other point in history"
bardolatta if you agree with the 80/20 rule, 80% of marriages were still ones where the wife was not attracted to her husband
you're mashing points together
jus tbecaus ehteyre not getting inbig blow out fights doesnt mean its not ruininghteir sex life
i love dark chocolate <3
You think they had crazy sex anyway?
bardolatta my ex husband did and it was a major point of contention.  I wouldn't do it.  He was also addicted to porn
^^^^
lol
hey ladies.
and if its not anal
but as far as candy im not a big candy eater but we do both love hot tamales
hi cake!
its soemthign else they saw in porn
.context
threesomes
If a woman feels like she can't really satisfy her partner, then why really try?
I would consider that a dead bedroom. once a week? 
dominating HIM
i love anything with sugar :( 
AtlasB I think that last one is big
it is
I think that causes a lot of the deadbedrooms
He had to have porn on while we were
from reading askmen
littlebee how major
I would deadbedroom all of them
haha
there are some great keto mug cakes for cravings, my huscat enjoys them
their gross peevish whining about how female initiation doesnt count
1x a week is hardly a DB.
my h wante dme to be more dominant liek a brazzers girl
and i cant
i cant htink those words
and it turns me off instantly
liek a light switch
and what did he do after you told him that
There are some things I am open to, and there are some things my exes wanted I could never get over.
that it ruins it for you
"Take that you... beautiful human being"
he kept trying to ge tme to do it for a long time
fed me lines
which felt even more stupid
months?
We fought about it a lot.  Every time we had sex he would whine and act like it was a letdown that he had to piv
My ex even would complain if I didn't give him anal all the time. Like I must not love him if I didn't.
more than months
Like I didn't want to make him happy.
weve been together 12 yrs
littlebee> We fought about it a lot.  Every time we had sex he would whine and act like it was a letdown that he had to piv
I literally can't do that
ah, that sounds like the least sexy thing I can think of
sorry, littlebee :-/
littlebee: He had to have porn on while we were <- 
the one thing that kicks my sweettooth's butt is super dark chcolate. i can only have a few bites then its game over. like i can buy a pint of ben and jerrys new york super fudge chunk and it will last me ages
It is insanely painful, no matter the prep involved. Can't do it. Nope. 
i literally could NOT htink the things he wante dme to say
and you're so pretty too littlebee
He was addicted
littlebee you didn't do it before with anyone else did you
its not that i didntwant to
yeah dark chocolate is so satisfying in small amounts 
aZombieKitten: My ex even would complain if I didn't give him anal all the time. Like I must not love him if I didn't. <- oh man even i don't demand ALL the time
No I tried it with current but it was bad
I'm not into it
http://audioessentialsdevices.weebly.com/index.html
the girls in porn are getting PAID
to do anal
If I couldn't give pornstar head all the time, it was a problem, too.
theyr epay scale depends on wha ttheyll do
found the alarm we'll be getting!
everyone's body is different, too. Some people really can't take it
yeah just of how you built anal can be annoying at best
every man's body is different, too
I had a threesome because I wanted to give my bf what he wanted but it should have become clear to me before it happened that he was using me at that point
not pleasurable at all
what's possible with one man isn't possible with another
that's pretty cool 
aZombieKitten how long did you date him
I'd rather give birth for 42 hours than do anal for 1 minute
DG69: s'okay we'll get you a new boyfriend
2 years.
Yeah he wanted threesomes too
my h is bigger than my ex i did it successfully with
I left when he demanded that I have sex with a stranger so he could watch
we tried once and it didnt work and he doesn tliek it anyway
yeh thats all comingfrom porn
im such a light sleeper that i can put my phone alarm on vibrate only under the pillow and thatll wake me up 
Thanks sms make it a good one
wtf
He wanted me to come home from work to a stranger in the house so I could do live porn for him
what is with the "go have sex with a stranger" thing
nice
Jeez littlebee!
thats a lot of what seems to be happening
have you tried a sleep tracker?
if i did that it would wake both of us up
menwant to watch porn RIL
I have a watch alarm
oh god it does re-enact porn
Well I divorced him lol
Was it a surprise?
but men haven't changed at all
no sirree
lol
lolol
why would i porn IRL
it vibrates on my wrist at an opportune wake time. Monitors sleep patterns
we're trying to find one that wont wake M up at all
my boyfriend sleeps heavy so i do have that advantage 
when i have a woman IRL
oh i wouldnt feel that at all ZingMaster 
The cuck stuff I don't get
caligulafication
maybe i just need to have so much sex it gets boring
me and witziehave theories
ok this is not a random sample, I'll make a thread later if need be
my theory is drok
I don't even like that other people like it
yeah
that's neat zingmaster 
Normally I say whatever
that the BBC is like the avatar of the cucks masculinity
its like one fetish i can't get behind
I dont know how so many people here dated really push porn fiends
like in a video game
and it ties in with witz theory
It beeps, too. I've never slept through it, even after a few hours of sleep post 26+ hours of being awake 
bardolatta: Because that's become the standard now.
all menar elike that now
thats pretty interesting zing
cool!
Hmmm
bzzzZZZzzzzzzz BzzzzZZZzzZZZzZZzZzzZ its vibration is annoying
like if you could customize your sex character
i just know there are a scary amount of men into cuck porn
beeping and vibration would annoy M though the wireless ear bud would be the best solution for us
So they live vicariously through the BBC? Kind of like they do with video games?
i have a weird internal alarm so most of the time i wake up like 2 minutes before my alarm anyway 
but i just have my phone set to slowly increase in volume and i usually wake up even when its super quiet because im a really light sleeper
yeh
when it doens't make sense evolutionary
but its great that you have something that workds for you 
do you really think pushing for a threesome is >50% of people under 35
?
its the avatar of their repressed masculity
it's a god send for me
50% of "people"
no
It's been the case for all 3 of my partners.
a bunch of thos eppl ar eincels
right now M just wakes me up if he wants me to make breakfast, or i wakeup naturally after he's gone 
losers
betas
And all of them wanted virgins.
aZombieKitten: what exactly?
lol aww
we ar etalkign about men who get sex
aZombieKitten: stop dating SerNemesis
Threesomes, anal, etc.
lol
Threesomes have become some kind of benchmark
but i like getting up before him and cooking and having everything ready for him when he wakes up
aZombieKitten  And all of them wanted virgins ??? they wanted you to be a virgin?
we get up at the same time most days unless im not feeling good and need to sleep more 
yes
so when im off bed rest we're going to try that
threesomes ar eth ebj of today
They would demand I hand over my virgin friends for threesomes.
oh LOL
to the virginmobile
usually while he showers/gets dressed i make breakfast and coffee 
Amelia does it annoy you when you wake up a few mins before the alarm
if i go to the virgin mobile store can i get some virgins
And my ex used to bitch about me not being one.
that men just freely ask about iot
rofl
its a pet peeve of mine
every virgin dreams of that
to wives and gfs they say i love you to
is SO novel
no, i feel more awake waking up without an alarm
i hate being startled awake 
ok - I'm going to make a poll about it to settle whether this is normal or somehow everyone here is just really unlucky
their first time is a threesome
especially if someone else wakes me up a few mins earlier
aZombieKitten all three demanded your virgin friends??
I think you should include age brackets in the survey
Yes.
All of them.
its normal with men who aren tbeta losers
i just like getting the full amount of sleep i planned on haha
and omega incels
the younger, imo, the more likely they're wanting that
like how did that conversation start
lolconversation
they jsut say
it
"hey I saw a MFF video, your friend is hot"
and her last boyfriend was an obese compsci video game nerd 
so it's not like he was a 10/10
which eveyrone acts like is the problem
yeah i get that! my pet peeve is people who press snooze a lot
"hurr durr you shoulda got an ugly nerd, he'd treat you right"
lolright
id rather have 30 minutes more sleep versus a bunch of 5 minute sleeps 
I do wonder about cuck fantasies
i try not to be a snoozer but i have insurance alarms lol
yeah, what's up with that
given enough time i'm pretty sure even the ugly nerd will want anal/3somes
cuck fantasies are super weird to me
I think it's about humiliation and the rush from feeling jealousy
do they hate themselves that much that they need to see their SO with someone more align with their SO's SMV
but my alarms are so peaceful and gradual. its just harp music and nature that starts off nearly silent lol
the only time i set more than one alarm is if i have a plane to catch or something 
What about when girls have gang bang fantasies? I think a lot do...
My ex said he wanted to feel jealous
yeh
ok but gangbangs make more sense
the rush from feeling jealousy
anger
SexyMcSexington is that anti evolution
nah thats just seeing which is the best semen winning
and getting your fill
ive never knwon a girl who had a gangbang fantasy
they probably do now
well now you do lol
It's anti-monogamy
so many women i've met have had gangbang fantasies
I probably wouldn't like a lot of the things I like now had it not been for porn.
Which is supposed to be female
its basically the 3some or anal of women
It's weird to me that women watch porn now
I got into porn right when I was hitting puberty.
Erotic fantasy has been around a while but actual porn videos is weird
I think I was semi addicted for a quick sec
that some watch porn i dont think is weird, but that supposedly 25% of porn viewers are women is kinda odd
Purely by the fact I an into one of those Girls Gone Wild commercials on late night TV.
Now I just use my dark thoughts
*came into
aZombieKitten seriously how did the conversation go
DG69: just look in the mirror
did he aggressively push for it or was it "let's share fantasies"
What do you mean how did the conversation go?
if you want dark thoughts
He pushed for it.
like, how did it come up, how long did you talk about it
what was the resolution
Omega ex even kissed my best friend in an attempt to lure her in.
thats pretty bold move
Oh, yeah.
Right in front of me.
if he's that bold I doubt he's omega
im just super bad in the morning about keeping track of time. one to wake up, one to let me knwo i need to get ready to leave soon, one to tell me i should be out the door in a second
i would feel like i'd be humiliating my girlfriend
lol h ethinks its all conversations
He was an omega who thought he was hot shit.
If he's omega, how is he anyone's ex
http://isitnormal.com/story/i-feel-disgusted-when-i-look-at-asian-men-69723/
yikes
atlasb you mean affection withdrawal?
without them i would just be wandering around in the morning totally unaware of any concept of time
omg bardolatta not all communication is verbal/categorized
they just try to make it happen
ill tell you soemthign my h did not with me
lol
right but how do you just make a threesome happen
....
he was dating a giirl and stayign with her
bardolatta: with me, GUILT
Lol
plenty of men figure out how bardolatta 
lol witzie that person needs more Jackie Chan in their life ;)
it's not like anal where you just put it in
and banging her mom behind her back
Do you want a threesome bardolatta?
and th emom agreed ot a threesoem
omg bord
YOU DONT JUST PUT IT IN FOR ANAL
thats how you get bad anal
so he got them in the same room together
and no anal ever again
bardolatta. That'snot how you do it
 ask and ask and whine and pout and then browbeat her into submission 
Lol
Jesus, don't surprise anal anyone.
you virgin!
lmao witzie that chinese girl
DG69 go on
voila, threesome
guys who are anal crazed have tiny dicks
like SerNemesis 
argh
Yeah dragoness 
SexyMcSexington: 
wrong autofill
serN is enlightened and non anal crazed
Lol wit
lol
Lol
Just burn all the Indians?
enlightened through plugging it in
hahahaha
I feel if this was a prevalent issue, we'd see more columns about it
I'm crying. 
"colum,ns"
in the same way that even though campus rape is down, there's a large movement
you wont see it
lolol 
until
th emillenials start divorcing in their 30s and early 40s
I think everything the feminist movement wants, it's half-way gotten
then youll learn all the stories
and then you'll know
of what destroyed a generations marriages
it wasnt my generation
ok you're saying it's super recent?
my h is yougner than me
it smillenials
yes
with this generation 
I've read, ok, maybe ~50 articles about plates complaining about being plated
lolol
your ekilling me
Articles.
stop reading the plight of the plate
*snorts*
and hundreds of comments -
I got lucky, my guy is a millennial and he's very vanilla
you have actual women here
now you're just trolling
who bang men
I just think if it was a widespread thing people would talk about it more
I can't imagine some conservative HoH 60yrs ago pestering Edna to invite Betty into bed with them
I'm just saying this isn't common
many of us lits of them
I'm not saying it's not real
its super common
women dont talk abotu it
theyre ashamed
its common
bardolatta: you surf the spergiest, most male parts of the internet
women aren't men
they don't post on the gross parts of reddit
so you don't see them there
witzie these aren't articles by men
doesn't mean they don't exist
its humiliating and horrifying for women
women talk to their girlfriends
in real life
i would feel if i was a woman
right
bardolatta: A majority of women do not talk openly about their sex lives to randoms.
"you're not good enough for me waht about her"
so i can kinda get the humiliation of it
?
if i had a bf and he brought up a 3some
atlasb isn't rape even more humiliating and horrifying?
thats exactly how it feels
yes and most women who are really raped donttalk about it
Yeah, but you're thinking from the mind of someone already into kink, SMS.
right, but my point was - there's an entire feminist apparatus that's on the lookout for new ways to blame men
gettign drunk and gettignbange dby a guy you thought was cute enoguh to go hoime with isnt rape
and everyone know sit
aZombieKitten: i didn't mean in a good way
this isnt feminism
Oh, fair enough.
omg
if this was a widespread thing, there would be a larger support network
youre giving me a headache
nop
my old roommate was like that, she basically had to schedule herself shower time haha
Who is going to admit they can't please their bf?
theres no feminist isue here
right
youre so out f touch with reality its like explainign humans to an aloen
bardolatta the problem there is that the feminists push for sexual positivity which means acting like porn stars
right
Something stupid about reclaiming control
when it serves the female imperative
There ARE support networks for porn addiction, but still, people don't want to admit they're not good enough.
So they won't be the ones complaining
sure you're blaming porn so andrew dworkin would say there's a feminist issue
right
yet they're so sex negative at the same time
ALSO, you ask guys to stop asking for this and suddenly the swinging poly goddesses of sex brigade will call it kink shaming
how can they?
right
*andrea
littlebee the mainstream feminist position was that porn degraded women
They're more likely to push other women to do those things
was
andrea dworkin
right
didnt think this tho
It changes.
she thought porn made men kill women
Maybe with 1st or 2nd wave
not demand threesomes
"suddenly the swinging poly goddesses of sex brigade" <- omg i fucking hate these women
no one predicted this
They shift their POVs frequently.
when you say stuff like "feminits wouldn't listen to these women b/c feminists want men to sodomize women"
sure, feminism is more sex positive now
noo ne sai dthat
ha you make it sound like demanding threesomes is even worse
you have an EXTREMELY intellectually dishonest way of arguing barod
it is
>dragoness  ALSO, you ask guys to stop asking for this and suddenly the swinging poly goddesses of sex brigade will call it kink shaming
klik
lol
rofl
Demanding threesomes is saying "You're not good enough for me by yourself" openly to your woman.
exactly 
Singing Poly Goddess of Sex Brigade. SPGSB
i cant be down with poly when its just an excuse for ugly chicks to hypergamize with the ugly nerd alphas
but the truth is 
it isnt
its how we take it
you can be the best women anon earth
9:11 PM <SexyMcSexington> "you're not good enough for me waht about her" :((
right as well
but you cant be two
I'm in peripheral contact with the feminists on tumblr of this generation, mainly via SSC
it is what it is
DG69: was that how you felt? :/
I can't wait to get into the feminism portion of my ethics class. 
its th emost hurtful thing in the world
I also browse a lot of different boards where you get a representative sample of mainstream feminists
you gonna Zing them?
this isnt abotu feminism
stop moving the goalposts
STOP BROWSING BOARDS thats not where normal women hang out
noones talkign baout feminism
this is real lif erelationships
a room full of women
why is all your info coming from boards and columns and subreddits?
someone else did; only reason I mentioened it lol 
of difeerent ages
atlasB my point was about prevalence
and generations
browse broads instead
eff it's going to suck
and locatiosn
are all tellign you the same thing
hurtful thing -- the not being able to be two people?
i'm not saying that it doesn't exist, but that it's a fringe
its so fringe that its happenign to every girl in here
lol
whats a fringe?
and the way I infer it's a statistical fringe, is through the lack of feminist activism
...because you've not read enough articles about it?
idgi
this chatroom isn't a representaive sample
its NOTR A FEMINIS TISSUE
SexyMcSexington I feel like he was already over me so why not get a threesome out of it before we break up and he can go be with the new girl
omg
lol
i can tdo this
Meanwhile keeping me around
Until he has his new gf already in place
theres didfferent threesomes motivaitns
arent you still with him?
sometimes its that
No lag between the vag
lol
No dragoness 
sometimes its a genuine two fantasy that cant be satisfied any othe rway
oh
DG69: good call, that does sound like what happened
are you saying 1. feminists wouldn't oppose this or 2. feminists aren't doing activism on this issue
2 is obviously true
oppose WHAt
why would they advocate against a sexual fantasy?
men asking for threesomes in marriage?
how ar ethey going to oppose that
lol
men aggressively pressuring their gf for anal or threesomes
right ZingMaster 
ok, that clarified what we disagreed on
they can't without backtracking and feminists/SJWs always double down
what legal optiosn do they have to oppose that
lol
that's like peta advocating against keeping pets
what can be done about that?
rap eis a CRIME
they have a leg to stand on
how would they even frame the issue?
there's law, and there's etiquette about social norms
what leg woudl  a bunch of sex positive feminists have to stan don
you can frame any issue if you really want to
to hassle men about askign for anal
slut shaming isn't illegal, but slut shaming shaming is so pervasive
something something actually misogyny
well theres rampant porn
while*
I've read a large sample of millennial feminists
this isnt a feminist issue
lol who cares what millenial feminists think
feminists are not team women
there's a broad consensus that pushing your kink on a partner who's uncomfortable with it
is wrong
stop opressing anal
they are all sex positive weird sluts
who have anal and threesoems
free the butt
and poly
the kind of behavior where you h asked you for "months" on end
and more and more feminists women trying to appear more "sexually open"
feminism is anti female imperative in many ways
Their solution to slut shaming is to turn all women into sluts via sexual positivity
they would consider unacceptable
they AARE the ppl putting it oneveryoe else
mentioning it in a frienldy way in one or two conversations: OK
they dontcar eif regular women are suffering
pressuring it on your SO: not OK
^
yeah AtlasB 
:unacceptable:
yeah, but that really is subjective
bardo
lol feminists caring about regular women
the FEMOINISTs today are th eones pusing all this sex
they only care if it's their kind of approved women
dont you ge tit?
SexyMcSexington++
I've read crazy blue haired tumblrites
Take a hit of redbull, PPDBot 
"The first tenet of a threesome is the first tenet of any sexual scenario: All participants should be into it. "
this is from a prostitute / third wave feminist http://adequateman.deadspin.com/threesomes-are-fun-if-you-do-them-right-1708250263
rules of the SJW/feminist: its ok when we do it, no bad tactics only bad targets, they always double down rather than backtrack
" If any of your actions might be described as tricking someone, youve already blown it."
so let me get this straight
you somehow believe
feminists will go on a campaign
"if you walk on eggshells threesomes are not misogynistic!"
to chasng ehow men behave within privat emarriages an dLTRs?
lolol
they might try AtlasB 
but what would men care
i could see them doing it
lol
right
why woudl men even notic ethat?
like poly community being super aainst OPP
maybe the smaller groups
but its not like the guys who want OPP care
half of them are "into kink" and going along with it anyway
they'd go on tirades about anything
they only notice th edate rape thing becaus eit has consequences
you've never read an feminist article about how to do sex? some written by men
so what?
whos readign them?
how to do sex as a feminist: if man, whip yourself
other imbeciles 
http://everydayfeminism.com/2015/12/focusing-on-her-pleasure/
my husband isnt reading feminist articles
I believe if "men aggressively pushing their LTR partners to the point of discomfort on anal" was pervasive, we'd see feminists complaining about it a lot more.
if women: poop on man whipping himself
lol
33k shaRES
ok i think im losing my mind
what is hapenign here
9:23 PM <bardolatta> "The first tenet of a threesome is the first tenet of any sexual scenario: All participants should be into it. " -- that doesn't mean, "don't do this if you're gf/wife isn't into it"
but women talk about this shit all the time
That means women, you should be into this
watch what women DO, not what they SAY
Why aren't you
are incels tellign me abotu male femal erelationships
based on articles in everyday feminism
DG69 this is a gawker blog that's explicitly aimed for men
do yo uthink my husband reads everyday feminism?
hahaha atlas
it's literally addressed to men
gawker??
lolol
fiv eleftist homo men
haha preporn ads
AtlasB it's not an argument about feminists pressuring men
lol
at all
bromance9: http://everydayfeminism.com/2015/12/focusing-on-her-pleasure/ <- this article makes me unreasonably irritated
do any of you interact in meatspace life
"Have you talked to your wife about anal? *sappy music*"
it's about - how pervasive is this problem.
It means "convince your wife she wants this!!"
why would you learn that from everyday feminism?
And here's why!
they ar ementally ill tumblerina lunatics
have you interacted with th ehuamsn?
click bait style, "They had a perfect marriage, until he ASKED THIS!!!"
like roofers
and nurses
dg69 "If your girlfriend was originally excited by the idea"
hey now.
it's addressed to a male reader
the male GAWKER reader
ar eyo insane?
who the fuck reads gawkler
<AtlasB> the male GAWKER reader
exactly
im losing my mind
not people who run in your circles, ok ok
the male gawker reader is a intellectual cuck
I could write a song with your words as lyrics
whos circels?
AtlasB, I'm not denying that the problem exists, it's a question of - is it 1%, 10%, 45%.
Tumblritea
http://everydayfeminism.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/iStock_000003240646_Medium-300x200.jpg
Oops
five hipster faggots?
Mobile sucks
oh, interracial sexual assualt 
right on
yesss
gawker is a big company
unmasculine cucked homos
3who read sit
lololol dragoness her face!
i saw that dragoness and i was like "you know they're progressive!"
hahaha!
My point is not that men will obey these feminists blogs - it's that these feminist blogs are a proxy for the prevalence of the problem.
rigt
she's like... "ehhh"
FEMINSIM IS PUSHING PORN SEX
you mental patients
feminists don't give a shit about regular women
hahaha
they dont ask them what they want
yeah, they're very pro-positive sex
they just do what they think they SHOULD want
porn is FULL of "feminists:
yep
bardolatta: feminism is not #teamwoman or pro female imperative
feminism is part of the problem
i have to comnplain
I'm not saying feminism is making life easier for you. I'll say it again.
they don't care about women getting hurt by sex pos stuff
i have money burnign a hole in my pocket
feminism is about a very particular subset of women getting what THEY want
an dclothign is so ugly i can tfind any to buy
mommy buy me things
lol
I'm only saying the blogs and articles are a proxy for how common the problem is.
what you want sweetie
feminism is about bitchy women bitching
 mommy 
same boat
dragoness: omg yes
atlas please tell me if you find a good site
what subset dragoness?
you dotn have any expensive nailpolish
it's all about what they want, not what's right or what makes sense
you should
lol
lol
 lmao
the hypergamous anal-havers lol
omg
ah, maybe that's what I should splurge on
I'm trying to find clothes too 
Zoya coming througghhh
I want more skirts for work
i have 20 zoya polishe snow
gnight all!
if my h ever looks in my nail polish drawer im dead
lol
Yay, I am getting that office job. <3
middle and upper class metropolitan women
aZombieKitten++
white women at that
and a few token "PoCs"
Woot woot
not even lower middle class
dragoness
http://www.zoya.com/content/category/Zoya-Nail-Polish-Free-4-You-January-Promotion.html
ok, but how does it hur the others? just the sexpos stuff?
they are to a T upper-middle class+
looooooook
right SMS
looooooooooooook
they claim they are advoating for all women
drag
so they are shifting what is acceptable in mainstream society
and that affects absolutely everyone
OMG! ty atlas!
welp, 
i jus tgot it
lolol
there goes my money
bye little_red_ !
15$ for 4!
oooh what

welcome to the party madscilove
leave your cash at the door
I'm safe from this one
I can't wear nail polish anymore
(boooo)
oh damn, the promo ended :(
I disagree that feminists are pushing it on anyone
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/253si5/me_29f_with_my_husband_34m_married_a_year_he/chdetis
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/PWLFCsQf/20160122_003345.jpg
oh my lord
although, I did buy all those lip liners
"Maybe he'll enjoy it so much he'll focus on that instead of utterly disrespecting your boundaries."
" I say this as a woman who actually enjoys anal sex quite a bit. It isn't the act I have a problem with (obviously), it's the complete lack of respect for your comfort."
oh wow, the one next to the pink is almost identical to what I have on now
I take this as a sign
AtlasB I just bought 54 lip liners the other day http://www.amazon.com/54pcs-Nabi-Quality-Liner-Pencils/dp/B00CVDTMI0/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top?ie=UTF8
congrats aZombieKitten 
54!!
lol
they wre only $26
I couldn't help myself
xD
uhg
hahah you bought a beauty supply store display
I'm gonna go bust my ass on the ice tomorrow to get over there. :D
awesoem lol
hahaha
I wish I was allowed to wear nail polish
this is why F laughed his ass off at me at the beginning of the year when I was telling him "I'm not buying any makeup for all of 2016!"
I lasted two weeks
thats 100s of $$ of zoya and butte rlondon
congrats aZombieKitten now you can buy me that cookie i always wanted <3
oh right, butter london. that's the other one
I have china whatever in my stash
I can buy myself ALL the cookies~
don't buy the cookies!
china glaze?
hey are you back in the gym?
that's the one, dragoness 
I got some nice new stuff for Christmas, so I have good makeup to use. :3
yeah, its pretty good
I have to workout at home. No gym nearby. :(
http://www.sammydress.com/product2046816.html
are you keeping up? I'd like to get back into that groove, but my schedule is counter productive 
I kind of want to buy this dress
that's adorable. wish I could pull something like that off
that is cute
I've lost my gainz, I think.
that's such a witzie dress
damn, I really like this and I don't know why http://www.sammydress.com/product2236049.html?i=00003_343
you should start sewing witz
its got cool purple dragoness 
my apron i made was a similar design
yeah
is the pattern online? 
looks kind of simple 
I really ought to get sewing with my daughter :S
but I don't have a serger
I could get a sewing machine from my parents basement but they dont have any sergers
do you really need one, or is there a trick in sewing where you can do the same thing, just with more skill?
you can do fold-under hems
you can fold over and iron the hem
it's more of a pain in the but
*butt
and sew it that way
yeah
but doable
thats how I did when I sewed before
your excuse is now moot
:D
I have a serger but it's back at my mom's house in cali
>.>
well. not like I have time to sew anyway
http://photo.sammydress.com//public/images/sammydress/app/review/201601/6F380B87B2B29F2EBC432BADC96473DF_640-640.jpg
neither do I, but damnit. I need something that isn't school or work 
what's better, the polka dots or this?
http://www.sammydress.com/product1992497.html
I'm no convinced my love of floral prints is a black girl thing
*now convinced 
I kind of think the poka dots with that color would be cute.
I like the floral better. Polka dots seem daunting on the eyes and skill
Its 11$ get it
looking at the reviews....
it costs like 8$ to ship tho AtlasB 
and I'm poor
"By Phillip Jan-08/2016 01:01:26 Height:6' 1"
fit great
 Overall Fit:True to Size
fit great. got a lil larger size but i am able to take it in a bit if needed. but wore it and got great compliments."
lol
20 bucks?!
one of these things is not like the other.....
lol
fits great.... after I fixed it
Just like a recipe review
okay Philip. 
slay, Philip, slay
"Thanks for the great recipe, I changed everything about it and it turned out delicious"
lol
lol
Accurate, though.
but otherwise, it as great!
haha I hat ethose reviews
hang on, there's a spider crawling on my ceiling 
"I made this, but I substituted X for Y! So it's not the original, but it was great!"
"I did my own thing. It's amazing"
right, Zingmaster?
brb, buring my house down
burn down the house dr
lol
oh omg omg
haha
there was a recipe on allrecipes.com 
I always see "This recipe is terrible. I omitted these ingredients and made a substitution"
like, uh...
Also that.
like they'll take out half the salt
then bitch about how it sucks
where they took like a cinnamon roll refrigerated pre-made role,  and put butter and cinnamon on it "We made this for our hired help and they just loved it!"
omg
Omg.
roll* times one
Such cooking. Much wow.
I've done a few recipes recently where I halved the salt and still was wayyyyy too salty
the motherfucker ran from me
Some people do really LOVE their salt.
One crockpot recipe called for 2/3 cup soy sauce
Dragoness, it knows.
That's insane!!!
how dare you. come back and let me kill you
omg witzie 
dat blood pressure 
who ran, what??
Even with half it was way too much
lol 
ha, a spider ZingMaster 
Step 1: Take blood pressure for baseline
OMG, I see that shit ALL THE TIME on allrecipes.com 
don't review the recipe if you changed everything about it
you didn't use the recipe, you used a suggestion 
I totally asked for it, so I'm just... pressure valving. I'm so overwhelmed
I'm exhausted from school and work. Last day off was on the 3rd
I have class tomrorwo at 830 am and a night shift starting at 11pm with kids to get to bed. When do I sleep? Aughgg
Omg, I can't hear that well, but this puppy is making a MASS of noise right now.
sometimes it helps, though
you have a puppy??
It's my bro's puppy.
what kind and how old?
I will never ever get a puppy again, btw. They ARE more work than human puppies
:( 
Setting my sights on February 10th! I'll have a few days off. Come to mama
they really can be
infants are easier, you just pop them on the boob and fall back asleep
At least you can sell a human puppy for more
(This just got dark)
haha that'st rue
true
dog puppies are cuter though 
truth as well
I wish humans looked like dog puppies
until they were old enough to talk
babies look like old men. Especially if they're born underweight 
then they look like little people
https://i.imgur.com/QponvkS.png
so you just gonna let a goose amog you like that?
that sign needs a coma badly
He's a Lab/German Shepherd mix, about 2.5 months.
dragoness: but that goose is chad and is 2 times taller
lol Architect. 
It needs a semicolon.
Architect: technically the comma would be wrong
That would be a comma splice.
yeah. or a period and a capital letter
it needs some goddamn punctuation is all I know
And just in time for Valentine's Day!
AtlasB: who is your favorite child? 
it needs a semi colon imo actually
that would be a proper comma 
if im being serious
or a period
I love semi colons
Have y'all seen this kitty?  http://i.imgur.com/d5JRJOM.gifv
weirdly, I do too
semi colon seems more correct
me too
we should start a club
Nerds.
they're used in place of "because" or "due to" or other addendum words 
you misspelled writers
that's right, BeyondTheLight 
dragoness++
or... That's write 
lol
oh wait, I meant to ding Architect 
sorry, lack of sleep. 
I'm making bacon
life is good
ZingMaster: what's right?
semi colon 
I love those things
oh, yea brah
ahahah cats are so silly 
sis. I'm a sis
I had a peacock block me from my car one morning. In light of that image
they are complete jerks
I'm sooo confused
peacocks are scary
at that sentence
it was hard to call into work for that one
"No, seriously, it flew at my head. "
reminds me of this http://i.imgur.com/P8Xq0My.gifv 
not nearly as scary as flamingos 
I haven't had an encounter with a flamingo yet
lmao
They used to (and might still do) let live flamingos walk the grounds in Vegas at the Flamingo
I had a friend who actually had a fear of flamingos.
I don't blame them
now imagine being blitzed out of your mind and walking around when what you thought was a flamingo statue standing there was a real bird....who isnt happy about being approached 
i feel like cassowaries are the worst
never met one
http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--1T98l3LY--/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/18sjw9cp92kkhjpg.jpg
...and I hope to god I never do
wtf
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-QyCnJK-mXQc/TzvDLqygFsI/AAAAAAAAUsA/ajex_vH-8Vg/s1600/cassowary-bird-pictures-closeup.jpg
They let the peacocks just roam around SF zoo
they're so.....Jurassic 
No other animal has that privilege
Why the peacocks
lol
I don't know if they even have an enclosure
Or designated place
Were they even meant to be in the zoo?
they're probably too afraid to tell them otherwise
hahahaha dg
Did they just wander in
koakas
have free roam privileges in australia
And act like they belonged
?
"Did we even have peacocks?"
"No but they're here now, we have no choice"
Lol
But yeah!
That's what sf dies r
Does*
https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/422mxx/chicago_blackhawks_player_patrick_kane_accused_of/
that's pretty wild
best way to make a pro athlete your bitch
 <DG69> Were they even meant to be in the zoo?
charge him with sexual assault
Haha
Haha.  He broke.
idk how athletes do it
groupies can be broken down into 3 categories 
girls who will bang you for the fame and maybe an instagram snap, girls who will try to get pregnant and girls who will accuse you of rape
tthat's pretty accurate actually
carrowaries are pretty much dinosaurs i feel
cassowaries
I'd have to travel with an army of attorneys and a videographer 
some people have like agents for their groupies
lol yeah drok, that's why I called them Jurassic 
they vet groupies for them
before fucking
yeah
that is, in fact, true
same for rappers
gotta impress or fuck the stone wall before you fuck the star, girly
because every third broad is just dying to make the next season of Love & Hip Hop
lol
Teen Mom 3
"I fucked a wrapper!"
holla at this baby bump
haha
sup bot
I'm really annoyed I only have 2800 karma
in 7 months
on reddit?
yea
you don't post a lot I think
i post less these days
well, then you just gotta get a couple inane bullshit posts insanely upvoted for no reason 
my old account had like 10,000 by this time though
LOL
 /r/Pics here I come
hahahaha
I swear to god I was just gonna say..
go to google
google picture of 'cute husky"
go to /r/pics
post
+1000000000000
you can rack up a lot of pointless karma on blackpeopletwitter
those people will upvote anything
wait....
by "those people" I didn't mean...
nvm
oh shit
true racism over here
someone call Ice Cube
NWA wrote fuk da polize for nothing I guess
http://i.imgur.com/13ucL3Q.jpg
lol "Plot twist: SHE has the STD and is trying to save your dumbass from getting chlamydia."
https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/422zap/thats_the_way/cz7fgl2
hhahaha
"Plot twist: no body cares because chlamydia is easily curable with antibiotics."
and anyway this is why I don't have casual sex...
Lol
Tis no biggie
You knoq ebola?
lol
http://imgur.com/gallery/ys14s
It will cure itself np
I find pictures of other planets creepy
ME TOO!!
Should I buy these?
http://www.ryka.com/en-US/Product/01748-5246940/Ryka/Grey_Pink/Womens+Studio+D+XT+Training+Shoe.aspx
it's like a whole other place
that's not this place
aww, those are cute WingN
so, hell yeah
floating around out there
Is it showing the pink ones 
What I always think is
yeah atlas
Terraform that shit
Yeh other planets are gross
lol. 
ah, yeah thats the perfect way to describe it arch
we need to just take some of our good shit
Give it planetary surgery
and blow our load on the solar system
dragoness: like look at that picture of venus
that's creepy as fuck
it's like pitch black and then it's like "oh, there's a giant planet here"
those are nice trainers atlas
I did. I saw it
I dont wanna see it again
finally
someone understands me
I really don't need them
I have a brand new pair of puma voltaic
I saw way more of Venus than I could ever want to when I was....possibly under the influence of a substance and wanted to understand why we were so gung ho about Mars instead of Venus
What is it about them that you find creepy about them Architect m
That they exist
In space
Irrespective of us
^^
I find really big things somewhat creepy BeyondTheLight 
I love space
 they're just...there, doing their thing without us
but it's also creepy as fuck
O
I think it is awesome 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4232gy/my_boyfriend_29m_got_me_27f_a_gift_that_requires/
So much more I dont know about
I think I'd be pretty..idk, I dont wanna say annoyed but close to it
I absolutely hate when people get me preseents or surprises that require responsibility
money would be a responsibility
like taking time to go   vacation
so I think that's a dick move
"what the fuck am I supposed to do with a puppy?? I can barely feed myself!!"
yeah
 Lol that is stupid
my brother once wanted to buy me a car
like that would have been nice
Exactly. My sister got me a fish 2  years ago and I was like "so...you got me hte responsibility of having to care for a 2nd lifeform I didn't want?"
Hey dude I bought you a 400k car
but at the time I wasnt even earning enough to pay rent
The upkeep is 50k a year 
Here have fun
my parents were covering that for me
no way I could have afforded the insurance or petrol, never mind services
one of my neighbors won a Mustang GT on, The Price is Right IIRC and she was very, VERY upset to discover she had to pay all the taxes/fees on it. 
yeah
like, it's not a gift or a prize if I have to come out of pocket for it
well my dad talked my brother out of it thank fully
Oprah got in big trouble for that at one point
she was giving away insane gifts on her show
so I could just keep driving my paid for moped that cost me R200/month in insurance and petrol
and making audience members pay for them
oh shit, that favorite things thing I'm assuming
soup
borscht?
too expensive
did she keep the mmustang dragoness ?
stagnant water and squid then
she did, but she actually had to take out a loan to cover it
lol
and she only kept it for a year or so. I think she had to sell it because she didn't pay back the loan(s)?
#Fail
couldn't the sail of the car pay back the loans and taxes many times over?
or she had to declare it as "contest winnings" on her taxes, some shit, idk
probably
hmm
but if she went to one of those shady auto title loan places, they can and will take your car
in canada you're not allowed to receive anything for free
so if you win a contest, you have to answer riddles and shit
lol
oh wait, this chick didn't even WANT to go to Hawaii. Like, it wasn't even a 'dream vacation' type of thing
which reminds me, I need to reapply at Delta..
Delta airlines? Why do you wanna work for  Delta airlines?
I thought you worked in the courts
Two words: 
you can be on Law and Order
FREE AIRFARE 
TO ANYWHERE
do you ever get to shout "OBJECTION!?"
PLUS one friend and your parents also fly free
that's all I wanna do in a courtroom
lol no, because I don't have tourrettes 
(free airfare anywhere is pretty sick, but I doubt they'd actually give you that)
they do
LOL
Subway only gives you 1 free sub
all my friends who work(ed) for Delta have been all over
you go Delta
you go
Hawaii, NYC, shit if you get the job they fly you to Atlanta for like a week for training 
you don't even have to be a flight attendant 
do you get to shack up in a hotel?
yeah
tbh, I'd kill half of you people to get a cushy Delta job at LAX
all of PPD should apply to delta so we can own the hotel for a weekend
lolol, for real
party in drags room
do you wanna be a flight attendant?
hell no
you look like one
I hate flying since 2012
what happened in 2012? lol
terrible flight. 
TERRIBLE
the German couple next to me started praying
but dragoness youw wouldn't kill me for the job right?
I haven't decided who lives and who dies yet susan, I'm so sorry
I make no guarantees for anyone's safety
I'd for sure spare madscilove and carkudo though
:(
I feel so betrayed
aww
I'm sorry you feel that way
you want your knife back
lol
i found it in my spine
hahaha
everyone...get your affairs in order


lol
http://imgur.com/gallery/rpscOR8
most of these examples aren't very good
lol at the last one
also no, no they weren't
Oh wow. So my mom thinks I'm a mean and horrible bitch for posting that screen shot of that text from my ex last night
really?
that's peculiar
considering the type of woman your mom is
why?
she's very #TeamMan
http://imgur.com/vxKpAyg
WOW
dragoness: really? I always thought of her as teamWoman
interesting
nah, she dotes on men
I actually really had to struggle not to be an actual horrible bitch because I didn't want to end up like HER
I felt like there were only two options
bitch or doormat
I think women get so much more freedom
?
I can't really articulate this thought very well
splerging out
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4247kt/how_frequently_do_men_aggressively_pester_their/
sound it out
cmon arch, you can do this
I guess, I feel like women don't have to be either, or
like
well yeah, we actually don't
I just THOUGHT that way
you can be nice, and if you're a bitch to someone who had it coming...they had it coming
yea
do you think differently now?
oh yeah
this was well before I'd ever had a reationship of any kind or any sort of experience with me
*men
cause I always thought you thought of yourself as unapproachable
had PLENTY of experience with "me".
(   )
I don't think I've ever considered or claimed myself to be unapproachable 
but really I'm speaking in terms of relationships 
Are those real before/after photos
I'm assuming so, yeah
DG69: yes
dragoness: I mean, I thought you thought you were a bitch
I thought we talkedf about that on skype
Before and after what, exactly?
yeah but I'm not an out and out bitch
makeup
I also said and have said many times that sometimes I COME OFF bitchy when I really don't mean to be
I think a lot of horrible shit in my head but I dont express it all
DG69: what are you refering too?
the make up?
dragoness: hmm. Ok. That doesn't click with me for some reason. 
like, even earlier today, I really can't fucking stand filo. As in, I want to hit him with a fucking tire iron...and a brick.. but I kept my comments to a minimum 
but I get it
LOL
I must have been gone during most of these horrible moments everyone's had with him. I didn't think everyone disliked him so much
even when he posted the pic I didn't get at him like that
That's because of makeup???
What the
DG, WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
architect's link?
<Architect> I must have been gone during most of these horrible moments everyone's had with him.
Yes
Sorry
lol, s'ok
I'm being retarded
He's pulled some weird shit very late at night and I could have gone my whole life without ever being exposed to his absurd rape theories over PMs
like his first day or so here he was being an asshole to me and mads especially 
http://imgur.com/gallery/LxiTb
"this is my daughter. We named her Valentine Dragon like her brony dad"
holy fuck
.....I also could've gone an eternity without clicking that link =/
DG69: the picture of the girl?
http://i.imgur.com/JaKj4xi.jpg
no
no you did not
oh
yea, I didn't know he was pm'ing you
dragoness: it's 2016...you're not allowed to say that
I didn't mean that as in "oh no you didn't"
I mean..no, that never happened
http://i.imgur.com/XNjWYXJ.jpg
the best part
is where he misspelled "angel"
OHH MY GOD
that brony baby....
it's sad because that means somewhere out there a brony is getting laid
http://i.imgur.com/JUGDrri.png
he stands as a beacon of hope. He lived as few bronies dared to dream. He regrets nothing
HAHAHAHAHA
help. pls
that should be a /r/Relationships post
lolol for real
that kid
I would show him go back to the kitchen
http://i.imgur.com/psgqixT.jpg
lol susan, you mean "kitche"
http://i.imgur.com/KQJLWEA.jpg
another brony for you dragoness 
he's definitely tapping that
yeah that dragoness
I will show it to him
Hahaha! you took the words right out of my mouth arch, 
chain him in there
and go play his video games for him
OTOH, and y'all say 4's don't want 4's
I have NEVER induced a man to pull me around in a carriage so..I mean, she's doing better than I am atm
oh, here ya go Architect http://imgur.com/a/EnJpD
1:08 AM <dragoness> He's pulled some weird shit very late at night and I could have gone my whole life without ever being exposed to his absurd rape theories over PMs
What were his rape theories?
Rape theories sound fun
that all men are biologically wired to rape
that rape is the ~natural~ male state
er..desire 
yeah
natural
Lol
and they reign in that natural desire'
A Natural History of Rape: Biological Bases of Sexual Coercion (http://www.amazon.com/Natural-History-Rape-Biological-Coercion/dp/0262700832)
Of course they are
cause of big evil society
But then why do thy take such offense at te concept of men being taught not to rape??
Can't have it both ways
right
dragoness: what...what is this?
Because they think date rape isn't rape 
this is ....bad
23:18:22 <+susandeath> that all men are biologically wired to rape
I don't think most men actually have an inherent desire to brutally rape though
and this is wrong?
well SerNem
ABS women are inflaming men and leading then in
Then saying no
can men be taught not to rape?
cause its one or the other
<Architect> dragoness: what...what is this?
A nice guy
Yes by being scared of other men
they are taught not to rape
I havent done any huge studies on rape etc and how and where the urges c ome from
like they are taught not to use any other violence
this guy's a lame stereotype though. I don't this represents true "nice guy''dom
They can't be taught not to not commit mind reader date rapes 
civilization is all about teaching people not to use force on others to get what they want
Right 
its just the inconsistency that confuses me
also
like kingdom, not DOM as in dominant
I actually think the feminist legal frenzy over rape works
I am not sure that I believe all men
99% of the time
no, I'm just going based on what he calls himself
if a man has grown up in civilization he has already been taught not to rape
It works on betas 
some just don't learn
Men don't actually rape when they could
and don't listen to civilization
Compare that to Egypt or somethig
have an inherent desire to violently rape women
I dont know that I believ that
Real rape yes witz
Where women are expected to not get in that situation
No it really works
Its the date rape be that's confusing things 
The anti victim bla it rhetoric works
Millions of men don't date tape wen they want to
Because of the modern rape campaign
A few still do and get lynched
Big whoop
those who actually date-rape still do it
It all works and there's a small amoug of falsely accused men and actual date taped women as the collateral damage
But overall it's an astounding success
success at what?
Men and women cavortin and drinking in private and for the vast large part rape not happening
plenty of rape happens
1 in 10
That doesn't work in muslim countries
muslims be cray
Or any countries without the anti victim blaming thetoric
it's a low bar to compare with muslims
asian non-muslim countries do fine
low rape rates
Nah if women did there what they did here thy would be raped
They don't have the same freedom of association
no they wouldn't
they aren't
there are women who do that
in china india etc.
Lol India
Everyone talks about rape in India and how it's covered up
that's just feminist bullshit
Anyway it's a prude cloture
They don't act there likehey do here
it's a prude culture with a lot of non-prude young people
Not like here
sure like here
not the majority
but still a significant fraction
Not even close
what do you even know about how they act?
They don't do the things that allow for date tape
Rape
like going alone to rooms with guys?
they do that
Drinking alone together etc
a large minority do
Not like in the West
they drink alone together
sure they do
Lol
there is a substantial westernized population there
Not even Indians in the west do that
you've corrupted them
indians in the west are more conservative than many indians back home
the ones that come here are the studious education-oriented ones
not the party indians
and us second generation indians are stuck in the past
*indian-americans
anyway i gotta sleep
it is so late
you shoudl sleep too
Yeh I'm so tired
last one architect, I swear 
http://imgur.com/a/Vgx5H
I legit have been that girl more than once 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/420rn4/my_husband_40m_is_giving_me_38f_the_silent/
I dunno
the silent treatment seems pretty ridiculous to me
oh man dragoness
dragoness: sigh...
that is some bullcrap
that guy is "nice"
her husband's a dick
I felt bad for how bad his game is
I agree dragoness
she got him a boat
now he should go enjoy it'
also, please note, I'm not saying this is literally all Nice Guys Architect
isnt that where the Nice Guys TM thing came from
I'm just saying...these are the very same kinds of guys who genuinely consider themselves "nice"
those sorts of guys
think they are nice
until you say no
then they turn into little bitches
right
Right. I just wanna buy this guy a beer and sit him down and be like "nothing you did was going to make her wanna touch your wiener"
even with a soft rejection
lol arch
do you think he would listen Arch
or just bitch about how she was a cunt
and wanted an ansshole
instead of a nice guy
He'd listen if I could demonstrate
he came out the gate with accusations 
Men are results Orientes
Oriented
I dunno
Orientals?
maybe
this is a guy with a natural persecution complex
he KNOWS something about his game is off but he keeps doing it anyway
I mean, in the pua community, the first thing you do on a course is watch the teacher pick up
So everyone knows he can get a woman
dragoness: he's knows he's doing something wrong but he has no idea what it could be. Too many variables
yeah
I was him once
To some degree, still am. Not like I'm killing it with women
Better that THAT though...by a fair good amount
can I just say though, that I've seen these very same types of guys SEE other men try alternative approaches successfully and STILL refuse to implement them
very often because it worked for them that one time a long time ago...
It depends who. This guy isn't going to care what Chad had to say because Chad is Chad. 
He needs a guy like him
no, not Chads.
regular ass dudes
some guy are absolutely hellbent on "doing it their way"
why did she keep responding to him tho?
Define regular thougg
jesus christ
my ex TO THIS DAY still does that creepy ass hand-over-the-shoulder thing to girls even though he's been told time and again that shit is weird, he can't pull it off, chicks don't dig it and it comes off bad
Regular as in: not much better looking/taller/better dressed/etc than them
if at all.
I *think* she was trying to give him a chance bromance9...initially anyway
we've all done it. well, many of us have
we SEE a guy's game is off but we let it slide for a bit to see if things improve 
yep
I think what's happening there is it worked once for him and now he's due wit must work
he goes negative too quickly
Sure it must
and sometimes you end up with a dick pic
right bromance9 
I think the problem is bromance
<Architect> I think what's happening there is it worked once for him and now he's due wit must work
that he is now ina loop
dude..thats what I just said
he gets negative too quickly
then he gets a negative response
that's very powerful though
which reinforces the thinking he has 
that girls like assholes
because as a guy, you look yuor whole life for "what works"
but my overall point was, him, his behavior...that entire interaction actually isn't at all uncommon 
and he is nice
dudes pay $5000 a seminar for "what works" from PUAs
and they dont want nice guys
and then
next time
its the same
no its a lot deeper than that susan death
and he isnt looking for the shit under his shoe
like how?
I mean, the nice guy/asshole thing is a seperate, trope. I think a guy like this is simply walking into it by coincidence because his game is bad so it's easy to blame it on that
the guy who acts like a nice guy has an unattractive personality
its not just about his Game
idk, to my mind that sounds like that popular definition of insanity 
I think they are 3 entirely seperate issues
i sort of agree architect
1. dudes with bad game, 2. the nice guy/asshole trope, 3. dudes striking out and not getting it
they just happen to co-mingle often
but 1 and 2 can and do overlap
oh...you just said that nvm
lol, right. Like I've always said, women want like 3 things and IMO, they don't care what package it comes in
there's just so little competition, you don't have to be nice at all
what 3 architect?
looks, dominance and value
i need to be bullied to bring out the dominant side
I don't go for high SMV/"alpha" types so I'm generally pretty forgiving when it comes to bad game. Unfortunately that means I'm exposed to a LOT of dudes like him
Same bromance9 
Usually if you leave me alone I leave you alone
yeah beyondthelight
http://www.xojane.com/it-happened-to-me/asian-woman-dating-asian-men-jenny-an
this is the article that convinced me to move out of my parents house
dragoness: hmm. I suppose that would be an issue
you're asian?
yea, i thought everyone knew
huh, TIL
dragoness: 
Its all indians and asians
Trp in a nutshell
it's funny how one person's problem in the SMP causes problems for everyone else and vice versa, but everyone still contends they are in it for themselves
I think its normal
care to elaborate?
Someones boon is the others problem
We dont have this perfect equilibrium
damn, she kind of sums up how I feel about black men =/
i mean women would be better off if all men were 9's and vice versa
Nah then the scale would be turned up again
except for the bullshit about gaining acceptance into white culture... 
nah girly. disagree
right BeyondTheLight
it's like that old imgur pic. The bitch treats the nerd like shit, so the nerd becomes an asshole, the asshole seduces the girl, treats her like shit, so she becomes a bitch and on and on. Like, in this scenario, the chicks are busy alpha carousel riding so the lower SMV dudes get all bitter and angry, which ruins your time in the SMP having to deal with
dudes like that.
it hits everyone
Unless the facial feature of a 9 consistently pleases women
in someway
Which I doubt
They would be discontent in a way or another
ah, nice explanation Architect 
But jake has one pimple less!
lol
actually, yeah
the cock carousel is a myth - women are less promiscuous statistically
I mean we have first world problems for godsake lol
technically no
And we still whine like bitches
thats why the dating scene can be so fucked up in major metropolitan areas 
esp in cities where there are a good number of attractive people
it means A) the women actually doing it are a small part of the female population and B) women could just as easily CHASE the alpha and not get him
NY, LA, MI
Hell just go on okc and see people getting more pickier
the chicks getting laid are the ones the alphas have time for
could be another interpretation
Just because of the sheer amount of people you can vet
either way it doesnt fit TRP model
yeahh
yes it does
it invalidates that all women are super sluts
true
it doesn't invalidate women trying to ride alpha carousels
BUT, it also fucks with relationships because both sexes become more and more prone to GIGS
or FOMO
O you dont like those 1000 girls? Dont worry we have literally millions to let you pick from 
Lol
TRP doesn't say women hold out forever for the alpha. it says they fuck the alpha
That's somewhat un-nuanced
what TRP says is
young women chase alphas until they're "over the wall" at which point she realizes she has no hope and settles for the betas she rejected
okay but hang on, all the "slutty" women I knew were def not chasing alpha dick
Honestly while I get the whole hate for af/bb the thing is 
The nerd didnt go out and seduce women
He was in his home studying and playing vidya
I mean, everyone went to school
if you made it through 20 yrs of school an no one liked you/wanted to date you, you knew your place
Effectively having no time due to his life choices
I only think that is true if 1 you didnt take the effort to go for a girl nd just expected one on your lap
no one wanted my half black ass all throughout highschool, and I was very awware it wasn't because I was too focused on playing video games and not because I wasn't looking for signs
Or 2 you had no time to do shit
architect if that were true, the median man would not have 4 partners by age 24
well the thing with that is
or..OR they're just unattractive 
3. You were too unattractive
most people who date do, in fact, have relationships "fall in their lap"
no one wanted me in high school either
I.e. fat bad hygiene
lol
Ect.
same
susan
I was the weird chick who wouldnt put out
so why even bother
bromance9: how do you figure that
I mean why would they? There are more attractive people out there
4 partners isn't very good
the median man is not alpha. if 80% of women are chasing alphas, he doesnt have 4
ok, but you realize
I REALLY just chalk it up to some men having a very warped idea of the kinds of sex lives OTHER men are having
that if one man has 0 partners
4 partners is pretty solid IMO
and the other man has 10 partners
assuming those weren't 4 ONS
the median n count is 5
avg
yeah dragoness
Right dragoness 
Just ltrs
I kinda agree with you
4 is fine then
also
boasting
Ltrs take time man. Especially if you are committed
high school guys boast all the time about their "conquests"
yes architect but that means 50% of men fall above 5
so not just alphas
so its not surprising that men have warped ideas of other men's sex lives
I mean, that's kind of like judging your level of financial/career success based on where Bill Gates or Steve Jobs were at X age
or their networths
ancedote time
i think the 80/20 principle is popular because it feeds into beta's insecurities
bromance9: let me find a median calculator. I wanna see something
I dont expect myself to have crazy n counts either just because of what I search for
about  this dragoness> I REALLY just chalk it up to some men having a very warped idea of the kinds of sex lives OTHER men are having
I fully agree bromance9 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xki7/is_hypergamy_a_myth_originated_from_wildly/cz6za1a
nah, 80/20 rule has been validated in every school and workplace i've ever been to
a new guy moved into our school during the second last year
Grade 11
Lol no way 
it was comforting to me because then i feel like the 80%. but it doesnt bear out
and he was chatting to me a bit
and after one weekend
Even the awkward kids in my school had a relationship
he came back to school and claimed that he had had sex with me
which everyone knew was crap
cause I didnt put out
so I wonder
It isn't that hard, unless you STRICTLY want to have casual sex
how many sex stories get made up by guys
Mmhmm, susandeath, good point
wanting to look cool
And then you have to be pretty all day
in front of their friends
I've had at least 2 guys claim to have had sex with me...and maybe one or two more claim we fooled around
when NOTHING happened
I had one guy who did it
the worst instance was back in 2014
and I called his mom and told her I was pregnant
and then he said I lied cause we didnt have sex
hahaha
so I said if he tells everyone that
I will call her and tell her its not true
brilliant 
the kind of trouble I would have gotten into at home
Lol my best friend did the same dragoness and he is by no means a ugly guy far from it
if my parents heard that rumour the guy was spreading
holy crap
if im honest, I'd say it's more like 65/35
not 80/40
like seriosly'
80/20
i would have been dead
but I do believe in "80/20" rule
it's obvious to me
How did I know? The girl he talked about is the type that would tell EVERYONE that she did something with x guy
hehe
I could maaaayyybe believe that 20% of men have a metric fuckton of casual sex yeah
Too many details all the freaking time
how is the 80/20 rule obvious Architect?
it does make intuitive sense. but all the data can support is that male n count is more widely spread
like anything male. greater variation. but thats it
susandeath: because it's what I see in life. 
Sure it does bromance9 if you feel so shit then it feels like the odds are stacked against you
Once my bro lost something 3 times in a row it was a contest or some shit
if you put 10 men and 10 women in a room, I'd say it's very accurate that 8 of those women will go for 2 of the men
for eg.
i mean, the odds *are* stacked against me. but not against 80% of men.
I see a lot of betas walking around with a wildly distorted view of the amount of sex and the kinds of women they *should* expect to reasonably attain 
Statistically the chance that he would lose was 3% after 3 times
So you could say all the odds were against him
I am sure the whole 80%/20% feels the same to these men
I think most men just go for whatever they are actually attracted to. 
yes and no
I can't really fix what you're attracted to
you can learn to accept that you can't get what you want
but that's not the sme thing
sure, but I know damn well there are guys who keep trying to overreach 
by several degrees
NAWALT?
never
lose
hope
dragoness: 
then claim they were "lied to" and told "girls only care about personality"
i've learned never to expect *anything* out of life
Yeah I dont see myself going for a 10/10 just because I know where I stand 
I think this is a fallacy
That is a good attitude bromance9 
because that argument assumes the 5 man is going for like 7 women
I'm talking about what I've witnessed with my own two eyes
they do!
when by definition, even the 5 woman is also going for 7 men
so it's not a 1 sided thing
nah
otherwise i'd go insane beyondthelight
even if that's true
Sure you would
women are known to frequently dip below their league 
The whole entitlement thing is silly
i'll go for a 7 woman because why tf not
Just sets you up for failure
but of course, TRP writes off this phenomenon by calling the guys BBs 
I think women are willing to dip below their league if a guy below their league demonstrates exceptional...exceptionalness
oh please
I think if anything, low SMV women score higher SMV men
I would do the same bromance9 I see myself as a 6 or so so I dont expect crazy yields.
regularly
FOR SEX sure
Not ltrs lol
both in my experience
whats your reddit name beyondthelight?
Infact its easier for women to control the dude that way
Same bromance9 
Dat passive dread
they are thinking with their lady brains
99% of women aren't TRP, or RPW experts
no but still
we have a better grasp on where we stand and tend to be more flexible 
well, I can tell you that I commute a long way to work every day
just given that we look at other factors when determining whether we're attracted 
and the amount of times I see couples
where a 4 woman is with a 6 man or something
is WAY higher than the vice versa
like, how many women have you had an insatiable urge to bang because of the sound of their voice?
I dont see that lol
never.
I can remember two times a 4 or 5 guy was with, like, a 7/8.5 woman
and in those times, I assumed the adult was rich, or an athlete of some kind
the other was a young teen
have u been to china architect?
mostly I see couples who are fairly evenly matched 
nah
bromance9: 
I am serious I see it way more often that the 6 5 was with the 8 girl
and otheriwise, the women is decidedly more attractive
right!
At least 1 point difference
Or usually just the same smv
the men I know who consider themselves as having "dated down" are/were actually dating within their leage
but "down" of course, meant less than the hotties they'd previously orbited 
Maybe its because I am in the best college/university in the country ect. So you see more attractive people
But still
well, 
if i commit to a 200 lb. woman all my friends will say "he could do better than that"
you'd be seeing a lot more women with men who had potential
No just normal dudes
you're at a rich people school, I'm in Los Angeles. I feel like we know what we're on about here :D
they want to jump on them because they know they're going to cure aids or invent flying cars or something
lol
Lol I am not in a rich people school dragoness haha
I fear for any woman dating "potential" 
i bet they all wear monocles
and have monocle class
hahaha
Lmao
and they have to say words like "poppycock"
and "indubitably"
lets not forget morning top hat sessions 
I skipped on oxford I am not studying 12 years medicine
Hahah
balderdash! 
Hahaha 
"I say my good man!"
funnily enough, I have a friend who's nickname is "Mr.Monopoly" because he's always flashing bills
Now you asshats are just making fun of me hahaha
and pays in cash
Lool
lol
......
he single?
lol, yes
Rofl
does he or could he have Jungle Fever?
....cause I feel like I have just the cure
lol, he's pretty fuckin liberal
eww
no nvm
he just pretty much ended it with a chick who had a baby
...go on
i don't mean personally liberal
i mean sexually liberal
I see
ooh
but he doesn't do ONS
only LTR
whats his IG?
yeah. me too
he's too 90's to do IG
lol
Lmao creeper
he's fairly oddly shaped though
i doubt you'd like him
wait...
Hahaha
hahah
what do you mean "oddly shaped"?
ill see if I can find a pic
oh goody
Let me in on the fun
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/VktCEMy6/Mac's%2025th%20birthday%20(1).jpg
Unless its a dick pic
that's him
I dont want them curled duck dick picd
the ceiling is fucked up
Yes, it is. But it lets the hot air warm the upstairs
so #win
Architect is your friend the chubbs one?
tall white dude at the back just hot a stupidly hot gf.
he's in the black shirt, yes
how is he weirdly shaped
he looks normal shaped to me
right?
I mean he should lose some stomach fat
cause its not healthy
He needs fashion advice. He looked really good this night
leads to heart attacks
hell yes he does
cause it was his birthday
also, weak chin
nah. I'll pass
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/3mwT1cNc/Mac's%2025th%20birthday%20(4).jpg
LOL
kk
better
kkk
wait...how much $$$$ again?
like...when he opens his wallet, what do you see?
looool
She probably means suitcase
I'd say he never has less than like 25 bucks
canuck buckaroos
what the fuck am I supposed to do with $25??
Looooool
in canadian dollars at that
get yoself somtin niccce
lolol
$25 ain't shit unless I'm on stage and its slow night
http://www.news.com.au/lifestyle/health/health-problems/hiv-epidemic-in-russia-reaches-tipping-point/news-story/d466c6f1c480becce14a1d0ed8d82524?sv=3a5c61f67873b4f7fb28c0eda5fb8474 - well that's one risk I'm immune from lol
LOL
Lmao
Ok you guys are fuckinh hilarious today
Thanks BTL
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/2H0kwvi7/Tyler%2C%20Mac%2C%20Rosa%202.png
i have some odd pictures
going through these
Guys, I think he knows we're putting on a show for him
in the orange?
oh hell no. 
the other dude though....
he gets a lot of girls
no. weak chin + his head is weird 
who gets a lot of dudes?
That guy in the orange
the guy beside him
oh yeah. I'd hit that
I dunno dragoness if the guy in the orange is the same one as the guy in the black shirt earlier
he has potential
How come his arms are about as fat as mine, while his torso is like three times bigger htan me?
not even joking
based on 1 blurry pic?
ill let him know 
you're what, 5'9 right, Carkudo?
lol
TY!
tell him to hmu on IG, @SexualChocolate 
<Carkudo> Guys, I think he knows we're putting on a show for him
Work harder!
LOL
he'll do it
if I give this to him
oh god
Thats what I am paying you for
Lmao
I don't even have an IG
5'11 I think dragoness
hahha
I don't know your imperial points
WTF??
imperial sucks
Nah, 5'9
give it to me in your ruskie measurements then
180 cm
ah yes
You know you cant get married now to dragoness Carkudo 
see. I remember 
1.8m
lol
why not, BeyondTheLight?
what has he told you?
Too tall
I know :(
but I worked through that issue once I heard him speak Russian 
does that make me a manlet by american standards/
I mean we could have dragoness and the 7 dwarfs
haha
I am copyrighting this
It will be a good porno
Can I be all seven?
thats gonna be a porn by the end of the year. I guarantee it
Lmao
<Carkudo> Can I be all seven?
That would make about 22 cm per dwarf
hell yes
I need to manlet up
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/421t2d/my_wife_28_f_cannot_forgive_me_28_m_for_talking/
oh man
dude
"Now, have I ever cheated on her before? No! Before and during marriage, I was always careful, and kept my distance from girls. There were a few instances where she flipped out because I helped girls out with rides and school work; I was too "nice" to them, according to my wife. But I was just really helping them out because they asked."
BEFORE
his wife was on his case BEFORE
wht
why did you get married
godamnit
marriage DOES NOT CHANGE PEOPLE
Some of the changes I had to make in my life - No Facebook or anything similar - Notifying her when I receive texts/emails/calls, sender, and context - Avoiding girls, especially attractive ones in any content whether they be online or off line (Internet, movies, TVs, and even people talking about them; I would have to fast forward when a female celeb talks
about a nudity scene she was in) - Having no voice in arguments because most arguments go back to her suspicion and insecurity; I must empathize and apologize against all my logics - Explaining my actions repeatedly; saying the same things over, over and over again; - Living every moment in anxiety and fear that she can get upset at any moment, that I might
not satisfy her need to feel secure, and that she will leave me eventually - Dealing with her resentment that gets triggered by a nudity scene from a movie, and babying her
hell not
what the fuck is she doing
RUN NOW
before you have kids
< <Carkudo> I need to manlet up
yeah. 
she reminds me of anna from anna karenina
you need to shave off like at least 3 inches
on cam?
that sounds...dangerous 
its ok bb, I wouldn't change you for anything
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/421t2d/my_wife_28_f_cannot_forgive_me_28_m_for_talking/cz71k4w
hahaha
"However, the fundamental point in that conflation is a womans, often overstated, inability to compete with the porn star ideal of physical perfection and sexual acrobatics that no normal woman could ever be comfortable with. Considering the sheer variety of mens sexual appetites this is ludicrous on the surface of it, but it is illustrative of
the predominance dread plays in womens psyches. It doesnt matter what the particulars of his sexual appetites are, she feels inadequate in that competition and fears a loss of intimacy."
http://therationalmale.com/2012/03/27/dread-games/
damn, all that juicy relationshipy stuuf and all I can think of is currency rates and grocery prices
well, eggs are like..$5 here so..
<bromance9> "Considering the sheer variety of mens sexual appetites this is ludicrous on the surface of it, but it is illustrative of"
meh
sometimes i dont fully understand rollo
I mean...a lot of dudes who've spent too much time MAINLY having "experiences" via viewing porn do wind up having some pretty warped views
do your chickens eat gold and shit pearls or something?
you'd think so
I have no idea why the price has skyrocketed so much
can't be demand
5 dollars for 10 eggs?
12
also yeah
Still
Madness
flu outbreak
I bought a carton of 6 "on sale" for $3.49 the other day
Oh
not even organic 
We had that
I mean we buy things in huge amounts so its cheaper
A carton of 6 "especially healthy" eggs for $3
But 5 dollars is almost 3/3x the normal rates
That's about a nickel at current rates
3/4x
Honestly, the worst part of the hole money thing is that despite the currency collapse, shit has not yet hit the fan
Which means it's going to any day now
ANd I'm scared
why would shit hit the fan if it hasnt already?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/423q31/did_i_22_m_discriminate_my_ex_19_m_of_1_month_by/
oh man
see
shit like this
it pisses me foo
*off
cause it causes crap for me
like really
its not discrimination
or not accepting someone for who tehy are to not want to date a poly person if you are mono
its fucking common sense
poly people like this bitch make me feel annoyed
I should find her and burn her house down'
from the syntax of that title I'm assuming they're ESL
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/420w7x/ltr_rp_men_gaming_other_women_what_is_the_rpw/cz6r0xw
damn
RPW's ++++++
<bromance9> why would shit hit the fan if it hasnt already? <- some financial mumbojumbo
well, your president hasn't gotten on TV and cried lately so I feel like you're still much better off
will you repeat that after you guys end up electing Trump?
babe...
even *I'm* voting for Trump. so.....
why dragoness
well. I have to vote for somebody
but no....
all the other current candidates are fucking awful. 
he's a racist, sexist, xenophobic douche
ok
u disagree?
our current president is a namby pamby mincing little faggot who cries on TV and has no backbone
tbh yeah I disagree. I don't think Trump is a racist or a sexist 
although he may be a bit of a xenophobe
obama's got isis, al qaeda, assad, iran, russia (sorry carkudo), and hezbollah all shooting at each other in syria
lol
okay, dragoness
basically a giant shitshow of all america's adversaries
i'd say that's pretty smart
you sound like a Russian TV station
lol
who me, or bromance?
you
how dare you
also, fine
I mean, Obama being an incompetent pussy is one of their pet topics right now
HE IS!!
Well to be fair
I'm sorry but I've felt that way since 2010ish
It's better than what Trump seems to be
we were all just....waiting 
I mean
Someone who doesn't have your best interest in mind and has a lot of power better at least be incompetent and indecisive
maybe he'll get a backbone if he wins a second term they said. he doesn't want to seem like an "angry black man" they said
bullshit
I mean, yeah, my view kinda reeks of nihilism
But it's what it is
Trumps cool
I want the mexican wall
ideally you'd want a government that's on your side AND effective
But I don't think Trump or any other candidate in the US is on the side of regular people
you have to understand though that I'd only vote for Trump if it absolutely came to that
otherwise...?
Putin?
trump is the best option
let america collapse
Yes, thank you, bot
no. fuck you RedManBearPig 
:D
WHO ELSE do you see as being a decent option??
Clinton? 
RedMan, collapse is one thing
fuck no
Sanders? 
heeeeeeeeeeeelllllll no
But he looks like he could actually go full hitler
You guys are going to collapse anyway
Trump is just gonna do it quicker
but why though?
explain?
I want the mexican wall RedManBearPig 
RedMan, this is my way of thinking about Russia
That shits awesome
RedManBearPig++
A collapse is inevitable, but it would be nice if we could collapse without starting a bunch of wars and turning into a totalitarian state first
I want it too
Idk man colonel sanders would be good dragoness 
See I admire putin
there's a reason why foreigners are so staunchly anti-Trump 
and that reason is: 
because they dont fucking live here
Putin is a politician to my heart
Tis free chicken
and you don't live in muslem ridden bowels of europe dragoness
what's your point?
my point is that you actually don't have any idea of what American politics look like from the inside
RedMan, it's hard for me to admire a politician that tries to turn politics into his old job, which he was only half-good at anyway, and who is absolutely incompetent when it comes to actual politics and economics
dragoness, it honestly looks like you don't actually have any
just like us
i hate all messianic candidates
we have parrots, puppets, philanders and morons
carkudo on point
except, in the US you get a lot more fluff that makes it *look* like you have politics. The same veneer is very thin and see-through in Russia
thats what american politics looks like- people always falling for the next wonder bread
russia's done well under putin
Doing well would be diversifying the economy
except for fucking ukraine up
Which WAS possible
now that oil is down it'll happen carkudo
in my life time we've had - in succession - a great president on the surface who got shit done....but who was also possibly an ebophile, definitely a philanderer and certainly a liar; an utter and complete fucking moron and a dude who promised us "hope" and "change" but gave us nothing but some half-assed healthcare and opened our borders to anyone
bromance, it's too late for that now
There's EXTREME resistance to innovation in most sectors anyway
With that much less foreign investment and less foreign competition, there's no incentive to diversify
anyway, where were u guys in 1999? couldnt even hold chechnya
he couldn't hold it now if it broke away
so clinton, bush, obama
I live in a fucking border state. our streets and our social services are OVERRUN with illegals 
Which it very well might, since eventually the Kremlin's going to run out of money to pay them
well
than trump is your choice to make it quick dragoness
Wall it dragoness 
Allll them walls
just don't be whining when they come after you afterwards
And build a whallee around minoritied
I mean, you don't exactly "hold" a separatist region by dumping lots of money on it and making its people a privileged minority
since you're black
anyway. back to the us
i'll probably vote clinton
Wowowowowwowwowo
Clinton
You serious?
yeah. she's the only one people have realistic expectations for
she won't win though
she better not win
americans want to chase a pie in the sky every 4/8 years
Ah I get it you want her to slap the cuckpin on you
be my guest
<bromance9> i'll probably vote clinton
oh dear god
WHHYYYY??
Come on Carkudo 
lol says the trump supporter
clinton is just a voicebox
Shame him
EVERYBODY is just a voice box
idgaf bromance9
I gave my reasons so....
that's the gist of american politics
nah trump is okay
No Carkudo shame him
he's an okay voicebox lol
shame who?
I believe trump is a genuine salesman who is doing good as a populist in american politics
bromance9: he eants clinton
ew
americans are so easy to frighten after 9/11
clinton is the only non messianic candidate with a chance
so, wait, I'm sorry bromance9.. you actually think it's better to vote for a greedy, lying, ineffective, grasping rape and assault apologist - among other things - over Trump? 
wtf is up with this "non messianic" shit?
it means u guys underestimate her. people hate her. shes not charismatic.
which means she won't disappoint
and she won't get away with much if in office
I'll take that point
no seriously, please explain 
http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Twin+towers+doing+the+ganja+lololololololol_cc7aea_3442012.jpg
shes terrible at lying and hiding her cravenness. the worst parts of her are all seen
This is what really happened
Meh
Mericans just smoke too much weed
I'll go have lunch
Ban it
Enjoy your politics while they last. Putin's going to occupy the USA soon enough
is...is it perogies? 
please say yes
Putin for world president
thats' fine carkudo. he's a strong leader
Dragoness, now I'll have to get some
And send you a pic
yay!
but I'm like, 100% serious though.
ugh
well bromance9, I guess I'll never have an answer 
to what dragoness?
1:28 AM <dragoness> wtf is up with this "non messianic" shit?
i explained
alrighty 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/cz70bst
why the fuck was this upvoted???
Because it serves the beta smucks on trp
It makes the female adapt to them
good point
I'm just floored though. 
I dunno
I think she made some good points
Do not let the idea of fairness even enter your head. You will drive yourself crazy trying to make things equal. You are different people, and will require different things.
all she essentially said was "pretend like it's not happening and be super attentive"!
this I think this is a good point
Do not do things for him unless you actually want to. Favors, anniversaries, and birthdays are something you use to express your love for him. They are gifts. So give without expecting anything in return.
and this
Do not tell him you think he is taking you for granted, or accuse him of anything. This will only make him do things out of duty. It might change his behavior in the short term, but won't develop any lasting habits. Instead, tell him things like 'I love it when you make out with me before sex'. Be only positive. Never negative.
do not agree with that
sometimes
The point is you dont have to do these things
you needf to say the hard thing
Why would she have to adapt to losers?
okay but in relation to the question posed in the OP.....she said absolutely nothing of value 
I didnt read the question 
to be honest
ah
go back and read it. its very short
I did
I have a sort view on things like doing nice things for people in relationships
anniversaries etc
I do stuff for J
cause I WANT to
BeyondTheLight++
for being you :D
I dunno
Lol
I I guess
I am just lucky
J is AWESOME
sure
You mean it for J
like yesterday when I lost my phone
Not some random mystical image of a man
he told me to come over and he made me dinner
and just made me feel better
my real issue is 100% about the fact that the comment was pointless
it makes it really easy for me to then say
to him
just take the weekend to study
I will drop food off
and leave you alone the rest of the time
yeah dragoness in terms of the question coffee person was pretty much saying suck itup
BeyondTheLight> Not some random mystical image of a man ---> yeah
And that is what the woman was doing
Dont do things for an ideal.
yeah do them for a person
as the person is
And that woman isnt doing that
She just wants the internetpoints
yep
Maybe I am a cynical bitch but most people do things for themselves
Especially when not in love and all that jazz
yeah
I am not tolerant
and J and I are in a really good space rigjht now
so I am looking at all relatinships through a rosy glow
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/
damn. not a single valid/actionable/decent reply to be found ITT
Tis trp lol
Rp dudes have better advice
Than muh heihgt is too short
Man FUCK
that thread is dumb
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/cz7dsnb
Wtf
No you moron she did for her husband
It
For the love of god
amen
just dive in Katniss_Granger https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/
please dont make me do it
these betas with their fantasies
You have too!
why am i clicking
no
stop
staaaaahp
im in.
good
it's half 10 in the morning and you've ruined my day, i hope you're happy.
Yes
Destroying shit is my favourite thing to do
ughhh i hate this whole thread
im black pill, i dont like red OR blue :'(
i hate everyone
Yay another person ruined!
hmph
I wish
I could kill most people
Terp, merp and bloop
well okay
just some of them
lmao
Everyone Katniss_Granger?
Geez hater
definitely not everyone!
I know she loves me
ofc
I got a beard, the lumberjack style really works for me
beary
sadly not blue-collar
.addterm normal http://imgur.com/Wv1XoCx
 normal?
now this is a clock invention I can get behind http://imgur.com/gallery/Vl2TL
hmm. I'm not much of a Sims fan but this awesome http://imgur.com/gallery/3s9CxGt
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42560h/i_27m_cheated_on_my_girlfriend_25f_of_nearly_3/
sometimes
karma manifests itself right away
Justice Porn!
holy shit
"A small part of me hopes that we can push through all this" looooooooool
haha what a dick
I know
hahah
also
I love her so much
I'm on an overseas trip for work and due to numerous excuses (depression, alcohol, etc.) I hooked up with someone very briefly. I
yeah
dude
sorry
I was drunk
doesnt cut it
wait
wait?
if I was depressed and horny I would just tell my girl to get on skype and start stripping
thats a good plan Mashakos
I was thinking about oral
if he was too weak to get that in as a possibility it's his own fault
i dont understand people who say "i love them" after cheating
it just doesnt make sense to me
bah nvm
they do love them
they re just weak willed
too weak willed to value the "love" they have
Not enough apperently lol
what is love even?
it's supposed to be commitment, but what do I know?
baby dont hurt me
no more
so what is poly love then?
a different view on commitment?
love with differential dix
commitment still applies to poly
right
they just use fancy terms like aspersion or something
wait, not aspersion
lol
I forget the word
the opposite of possesive
I think you still can be possessive when poly
but it's different
we need susan to explain
I do know of a few ppl in poly dynamics where sex outside of the "prime" relationship is out of the question
compersion Mashakos
yeah that's it
its supposed to mean the opposite of jealousy
wat
like I can understand poly
RedManBearPig> so what is poly love then?
2:43 PM <RedManBearPig> a different view on commitment? ---> I think its a different view on what sexual commitment means
right susan
but compersion?
poly people
like to make words up
so basically
if your partner meets a new partner
and is happy about it
I feel like some seriously cucked beta made that word up
and you feel happy for them
thats basically compersion
its a dumb word
AtlasB's theory that it's a way for some females to have a big surrogate family made a lot of sense
I hate it
very dumb
I just say I am happy for J
if he is happy I am happy
and the fact that for him
having another relationship makes him happy
well thats good
although
right now
that other relationship is not making him happy
I should smack her
but I wont
he is a grown up man
smack dat bitch!
and can sort his own shit out
do it!
no
that would cause shit for him
better keep your hands clean susan
also
I am a big talker
and she
kidding aside I agree with you
is taller and stringer thanme
and could easily take me out if I tried
you butt in and you make him look bad
and cause stress
why would I do that
I love him
I just smack talk in here
where its safe
lol
she nearly has a black belt in muay thai
and I am not fast enough to run away yet
she would kill me
if we got into a fight
so I take the high ground
she is a black belt at kneeing
not good
and she has about 5" on me
but actually I only talk violence
a crossbow can cut her down fairly quickly
i dont enngage in it
time to get medieval on dat bitch!
still
better to keep your hands clean susan
oh yes
the smack talk is just that
smack talk
leave dirtying hands to the men
and only in safe spaces
I never even say anything to J
not a word of criticism of her passes my lips to J
why is that?
or any of his friends
that's why you're the cool girl susandeath 
I dont feel neutral towards her RMBP
she and I also dated
and she hurt me a lot
oooh
so its easier to only talk about the things I dont like about her to people who dont know her and arent friends with J
cause I cant always tell if I am being fair
or biased by the hurt
she basically told me
that she put up with me for a year
and it was awful
cause she wanted to date J
and we came as a package
goddamn
bitch!
and she couldnt do more than a year
cause it was just that bad
I am unattractive to her
and sex was always just gross
#polyproblems
etc
so yeah
she was nasty
it hurt a lot
did you tell that to J?
no
well
that is the right move susandeath 
I dont badmouth people's partners to them
its never a good idea
girls who stir up drama never win. She will find that out in the end
that's not badmouthing them
I did tell him that she hurt me a lot
and said some very hurtful things
and I needed time to get over it
that's being honest about what she did to you
cause like 2 weeks after she said that
she was all
why cant we still have a 3some with J for his birthday
and he wanted to know why I said no
so I said
I am hurt
and she can tell you what she said to me if you want to know
okay
but she aint touching me ever again
and he never pushed
RedManBearPig> that's being honest about what she did to you <-- the girl sounds manipulative but right now it's all directed at susandeath. Once she shows dishonesty towards J susandeath can step in and it won't look like it was about her 
J knows who she is
she talked about them two buying a big house
and moving in together
and J told me
Yeah Mashakos 
he said no cause he didnt trust her in that circumstance to not try get in between our relationship
She does sound manipulative
she is a bit
my palms are getting sweaty just hearing about poly drama, lol
Because she probably damn well knos why lol
I could never handle it
but only J can decide what he will put up with
he doesnt let it spill into our relationship more often than I am comfortable with
Well its a  small civil war Mashakos 
and in fact yesterday they had a thing about boundaries
I had a crap day at work
topped it off by losing my phone
so J invited me to go to his house and stay over and he would make me dinner
etc
so I could feel better
and she pulled a thing on him
which made me feel uncomfortable
so I asked if it would be easier for him if I went home
and he said no
she has to stop making it a thing when he does nice things for me
and he invites me over on a non date noght etc
so yeah
I feel fine
my relationship is in a good place
J sounds like a man with an admirable level of patience. I don't care how hot girl no. 2 is in bed, I hate drama. Would next her in an instant if I was in J's position.
good
J is a bit on the softer side mashakos
right susan?
It's more about treating some I trust and love badly. You don't cross my loved ones.
Hello pcadrian
heh, PPDBot got bribed
nah pcadrian knows what to do
apperently
omg so sleepy. so early
RMBP
J is a hero
I mean
he has a hero complex
right
he things its his job to fix people
a softz
like he stayed married to his ex for 10 years
softy*
yep
he is a softy
I have been toughening him up
nothing wrong with that
good
I was so damn proud of him last weekend
for just saying to both of us
I need space
I am gonna not see either of you
assertive
yep
he needs to learn how
cause he does stuff
and then resents me for it
and its stuff he thinks I want
so its even sillier
but its working
LOL
he is better at saying what he needs
and I am better at listening
he's so soft he is even making me feel soft inside
I am in a LHL
type relationship
which works
cause I dont want a doormat bf
and he is learning not to be
but you don't want a dominant personality in your live
as a bf
not one that wants to dominate me
lol
sorry to any bloops in here, but jesus the ability to read what is written and comment sensibly in response is lost on you
that's not how it works sadly
I am all for it if he wants to dominate himself
happywifelife wanna give us some context for that?
sure
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4223vq/rp_what_advice_would_you_give_to_a_woman_who_gets/cz7a7qh?context=10000
chemist took everything cofee said and then i said and then somehow spun into to something else and then ran with that
neither of us said what she drew from it
I read that whole exchaneg
I think what went wrong is
wtf
I read that comment
you and coffee are making a cake
and chemist is making a souffle
and she targets the BEST part of that comment
lol susuan
and you are arguing over the recipe
susandeath++
best anology ever
dencrypt++
hmmm
someone removed my karma :D
no
karma is very username specific
she turned coffee's suggestion of being positive and sexy in the bedroom into something from twilight
ah
and you don't have an underscore now
she actually referenced twilight
I had _ before
yeah happywifelife she did
susandeath++
right happywifelife
thanks dencrypt
i dont even know how she thought i said "no direct communication" or how coffee said that
and her final comment
i ugh nm
to be fair to chemist
I get it happywife
in a different comment
coffee did say direct communication didnt work for her
yeah well, indirect communication is hardly "Twilight" 
I agree
I personally think it got a bit bogged down
yeah i guess
and you can really see a blue red divide in that thread
yes
right
if i wanted something more in the bedroom though, ordering my hubs or framing it in such a way to cause blame or a feeling that he's letting me down.....4
he would retract it all
w/e
next lol
I will admit I agreed with more bloops than RPWs in that thread
I favour a very direct communication style myself
and it works for us
I'm afraid chemist doesn't understand the required nuance of the situation
exactly
and fixing your bedroom is not the same as dividing chores
Right
I think though
unless of course you think sex with your partner is a duty and chore
see HWL
thats why I think you were baking different things
cause Chemist started with chores as an example
and not bedroom stuff
I dunno
well cofee was talking about romance and kindness in the bedroom
and i responded only to chemist's attack on that
at first
yeah coffee's response to me didnt really engage with the op
i suck at this stuff
me too
i have zero patience for twisting of words
I just always want to tell people to do what J and I do
and deliberate manufacture of "what someone else meant"
and its probably not gonna work for most
Do not let the idea of fairness even enter your head. You will drive yourself crazy trying to make things equal. You are different people, and will require different things
I semi-agree with this
I thihk though
that fairness and equal are not the same
like what can seem fair to one
may not be equal
you know
"fair" is a huge trap
i fall into it occasionally 
I find it useful cause I am in a poly relationship
ah
ok
that i can see
and then its not about chorse
its about how I get treated
I dont want to be treated the same or equal to his other gf
we are different peopkle
I want to be treated fairly
if that makes sense
sure
also I dont see how fair applies to chorse
my past relationships were not about things being equal
i've pulled the "thats not fair" on my hubs before though
*chores
and this is going to continue
about what HLW?
when he was done breaking it down to me , i realized from my little tiny hurt feelings perspective that i was right
it wasnt
but it was him getting the raw end of the deal
not me
I think its easy to do this
because we look at stuff from our own perspective
yes
its genuinely difficult to see things from another perspective
and its not a thing you can do for long eitehr
ofcourse
i just think fair, equal, etc is a dangerous self-serving trap that many couples end up fucked up over
J and I have had a lot of conversations about fair
tit for tat
I agree
covert contrats
yes
right HLW
damn J pulled that on me a lot in the beginnig
he would do something
I never asked for
or not do something
based on what he thought I was thinking
advice to the men, don't do tha
that
and then he resented me for not noticing and being greatful
lol
and when he brought it up
see i tend to be the one to do what your hubs did
I was all why
like in the beginnig of the poly
he totally cockblocked himself
with a woman he found every attractive
and me
I thought we had the sex conversation
so I just kept expecting him to tell me he had sex with her 
the day after one of their movie evenings
in teh meantime
he didnt have sex wuth her
cause he thought I thought it was too soon
awh
it was such a mess
he blamed for that
for a YEAR
he's such a soft little man
until 
lol red
I pulled out all our email discussions
and went
hey
look at what I said
this one is on you
I am serious though
he is soft RMBP
I know
it works though
I would do the complete opposite
its part of what I love about him
he mushes at me
:)
awwww
I have rare moments where I get all mushy
very rare
my hubs is almost never mushy
I thrive in this kind of relationship
we can see that you do
I have never felt so good about myself as I do now
the closest to mushy he gets with me is when he writes Happy Birthday Old Bat on my card
and I try make sure he thrives too
happywifelife that is funny lol
but put our grandkid in his arm
ewww ewww ewwwww so squishy
heheh
hahaha
J gave me a book the other day and wrote in it
he gave me a sympathy card on our anniversary
how would you describe your relationship HLW with camilles post in mind?
"don't cry"
a sympathy card on your anniversary
hmm link me the post again
hahaha
can I guess HLW
or which post?
I would say
sure
you have a HHH
high dom man
oh that one
you are high dom
yes
and you have a high threshold for dominance
yes
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
like Atlas
im the courtesan/gun moll
Right
the way you talk about your relationship reminds me of the way Atlas talks about hers
yep
HHH
thats how atlas and i came to be friends
yeah
we used to HATE at each other
I thought so
it makes sense
i would fuck with her in chat hard
I have a super awesome friend who I used to HATE
and she would just slice me up with her big fucking vocabulary
we are so similar
lol
Low man, high/low woman (LHL) - a lot of feminist and equal relationships are like this, and they can work, and people can be happy in them. But there is a greater chance that the woman walks all over the man and disrespects him and he just puts up with it.
this is true
like I have to totally watch myself
cause if I dont
I could easily walk over J
and that would be the end
see i get physically ill thnking of sex with a man i could walk all over
just 
no
right
i need a firm hand
pimp style'
im a wild child
whereas I would just not engage if a guy tried to be too dominant
it would just not work for me
I would feel like he thinks I am a kid
i can see how that would be for you
and I would go adult somewhere else
It totally makes sense to me susandeath
it took me a long time to get here though
I was brought up
to be a wife
and mother
to defer to the priesthood holder in my family
first my dad
then  my husband
and I didnt get married
and I found myself approaching 30
and with no long term plan to look after myself
that didnt involve getting married and being looked after
and it didnt seem likely to happen
so it scared me
a lot
I felt useless
I felt uselessi had to learn to think for myself for the future
and then I got used it
and found out I liked it
I even changed my own car oil and filteras
the first time I needed to do it
funny
thats why my hubs keot me around
i can cahnge the oil
hunt
cook
hehe
i can do a lot of the things
he does
he didn't want some helpless ninny
yeah
mormon women dont get taught that
learning to reconcile the ability to do the things he does with not interferring with man business
was very tricky
typical for high dom male
I got some from girl guides
but not enough
he likes to boast about my toughness, but honestly, he does not like me to shine too brightly
its a werid dynamic
im still sorting that thought out
does that even make sense
what does your husband do for a living?
yeah HLW that does
I must say I was super proud of myself for the oil nd filters thing
I looked online for a video
he is disabled 100% now at 43, but he builds things designs things, 
looked in my car manual for the right specs
bought the kit
he designed a kit to drop a turbo diesel into a regular gas veh
and did it all my self
HLW what happened to him?
if you dont mind sharing?
he was born with Ehlers-danlos syndrome, a genetic mutation that effects the collagen in the body
oh wo
20+ orthopedic surgeries
just in the years we've been together
ouch
and chronic pain
horrid pain
he's a freak, he can take pain on a scale that would cripple anyone else
wow
he took a grip strength test for the docs and broke the machine lol
damn
so you can see, he wouldn't put up with whining or laziness or anything short of awesome
well yeah 
I can see why
cant blame him for having no patience for whining considering
its difficult and im always learning to be more intuitive to what he needs
its a tight rope sometimes
to help or to stay out fo it
anyways
i can't imagine bossing him about how to give oral and have that work out for me lol
hahaha
heheh
yeah I can imagine
i guess what bothered me most about chemist's comments was that sure she can demand what she wants and maybe get it
but is getting what you demand
more important that long term effects of "hurting feelings" to get what you want
I think it depends on what that is
ok sex
for sex
no
dishes?
like sex is tricky
no
hire someone to wash dished
problem solve
lol
to be accpeted for who you are
yes
in other words
i envision berating my hubs into more sexytime and him complying  
it hurt when J explained that he needs a certain amount of p[ersonal time
and all i see is humiliation mixed with sex
and thats gross to me
but long term
my hurt feelings were worth it
I think he'd sooner eat your head HWL
no doubt
from a stake in the firepit
yeah
like a pig
lol
your vision is gross
my vision?
mine
although
my hubs is happy to hurt my feelings to get me back in line
and im not leaving
im better for it
 i just dont think it wrks the same if a woman does it to a man
and thats why im red
and that goes against the whole fairness principle
yes
fair should be banished from language
actually
the cocept of fairness is a lie
I dont thing its not fair
I think fair
is subjecvtive
sure
but tell any feminist this
and should bever be used when equal is what is meant
and shit will hit the fucking fan
I do all the time
yup
but the feminists I know are poly
so they agree
in SA
SA has good feminists
well the SJW type
USA though
we ghave some SJW types too
middle class white ladies
ew
SA has a need for true feminism 
screeching about manspreading
nowhere in the west has a need for it
we have that too happywifelife
and it gets run by black women
because to be honest
as a white woman in SA
you are pretty well off
you pretty much are in the same space as american ones
uep
you dont really have cultural oppression anymore
I am often in board meetings with groups of men
i agree that women have the right not to have their heads chopped off or their clit cut out
and with the exception of them apologising when they swear
but no one in the western world faces that
they dont treat the women on their board any differently to the men
interesting
because they are professionals
the apologising for swearing is an afrikaans thing
doesnt happen when the men are english
i was never treated poorly in the office because vagina
it was always because of performance
 actually afrikaans white culture has more in common with black Sa culture
than it does with english white sa culture
the vp of sales was my diret boss
little tiny korean guy
hated women
treated his wife like a dog
never once treated me less than
idk where im going with this
we are pretty much agreeing that western women dont need to screech feminism all the time
wait, chemist thinks it's healthy for a woman to accuse her man of being neglectful ?
you want to say
Sexism doesn't exist in the USA
Mashakos> wait, chemist thinks it's healthy for a woman to accuse her man of being neglectful ?---> I dont think so
that's where you were going HWL
I think Chemist advocates blunt conversation 
not accusations
yes thank you lol4
i agree susan
depends on how the communication is framed
sexuality and bonding with sex requires the opposite of blunt, in my book
J and I have had some blunt conversations
i hear the words "i love you" mostly in the bedroom 
that is where i reach his heart
truth
but always framed in a I feel this and how do you feel manner
we are weird
we dont talk about feelings lol
our motto is "feelings are not instructions"
I am not going to accept being blamed for things that eventually creep into a relationship
we talk feelings a lot
mush mush mush
relationships are work, no one is to blame for when things start to slow down, both people communicate and bring things back on track
all the time
I feel this
awww
Eah I am not a feeling person 
I feel that
he feels this
he feels that
Its too awkward for me 
J is an emo child
its something I love about him
I always feel empty when talking about emotions
HLW have you seen Buffy?
or anger
well "feelings" is why we have 18 year old boygirls with my little pony hair colors who just need a safe place
LOL
happywifelife++
<Mashakos> relationships are work, no one is to blame for when things start to slow down, both people communicate and bring things back on track
Yeah work is needed 
happywifelife++
You cant expect it to just be there
Its no different from building a house or working on a piece of land
yep
happywifelife have you seen Buffy the tv series?
It needs up keep constant grooming ect
is that the vampire slayer one?
yep
i grew up with that show in its peak, but i never really watched it
ok
there are just two very different guys in love with Buffy
Spike and Angel
and I just think if you know who your favourite is
its pretty easy to tell if you want a LD guy or a HD guy
chemist wouldn't last a week with a guy like me
i've always been drawn to HD, i date the sergeant of arms in the Banditos seattle chapter for years 
Mashakos she is not into Kink
she wouldnt last one night with you
never mind a week
lol
but that is irrelevant
well then happywifelife if anyone ever asks you
you are team Spike
lol
ok
he is that guy
well he is a vampire
and he is that vampire
Angel is the broody one
mope mope mope
and he needs the women in his life to sort him out
buffy is the girliest show in the universe if a blonde faggot is considered HD
funny
Spike is not a blonde faggot
i watched about 20 mins of 50 shades of ghey
bite your tongue Mashakos
uh huh
and the way they made the male act "dominant"
and any way
just made me want to fucking puke
Buffy is a girly show
I didnt even try watch 50 shade
I got about 3 pages into teh book
"i;m now going to ask your permission to spank you for being bad"
and never went back
say wut
just call it morbid curiousity susan
"high dominance" lol http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/buffy/images/a/a5/Spike_buffy_season_six_6.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120811112337
Mashakos
ew
one could look at a picture of you and say the same
its not the look
is he gay
its the actions
no
he is just british
oh right
foreigners 
and stuck in the 70s
blech
haha
j/k
Hahahaha
lol
I don't look gay wtf
lemme see , i will judge you
I didnt say that
we can swap
I said that actions not looks determine dominance
it wont hurt much
happywifelife: is legit Mashakos 
I never said anything about gay
Like my speed if you ever need some
oh hah i forgot you saw me
I ain't swapping pictures whenever I'm told to! dat's beta
hahah
well i aint sucking your dick for a pic
so 
Hah
Heart broken happywifelife we even had this 5 minute conversation
lol
you look a tiny bit gay mashakos
or a maybe a whole bit
He wanted to do me in the but
that's cause you're gay for me RedManBearPig 
I mean idk man
lol
sorry, I don't like brown
That is pretty gay
http://images5.fanpop.com/image/photos/27300000/2x05-Dear-Boy-angelus-and-darla-27386333-1200-900.jpg
thats Angel from buffy
he looks like he has some poop on his lip
hahahas
angel, if there was ever a name for a total bottom
Yup lol
 he is not the HD
tahts what I said
Buffy sounds pretty gay
no
thats Willow
I mean to be honest
Buffy is straight
It has fagpires in it
What do they do
I liked buffy the movie
Suck the sparkle out of each other?
the tv show was a little too soft for me
there are no sparkles on the vampires in buffy
you people
you know nothing
I will dub you Jon Snow 1 and Jon Snow 2
Haha
even the fights were girly af
lolol @ suck the sparkle
in the buffy tv show
I bet they held a fashion show Mashakos 
Buffy with her fab outfit wins again!
anything by Joss Whedon is gay 
-- for you both
give me a mickey rourke face
all beat to shit
thats hot
Sorry susandeath hahah
you are not sorry
dont lie to me
:P
No I am not ahhhahah
:P
lol
anyway
I was mostly talking about actions and not looks
you can automate that upon login, witzie
it's automated
fucking bossy little ppdbot
it just takes a minute for it to kick in
Yeah thats fair susandeath 
oh
my bad
it always tells me that but it always automates before the 3 minutes are up
I judged them on their looks without knowing 
its not important
its a baby pet thoery I have
not something I am married to
so its all good
:)
Bht twilight ruined vampires for me
fuck twilight
Sparkle faggots
whats her face is just
ew
thats why I never watched or read it
also
descriptions of bella
trigger me
she sounds so freaking mormon
and useless
just how I used to feel
her expressions are more blank than a piece of bleached paper happywifelife 
let me wait
yup
for some man to rescue me
ug'
she was meant to be blank
don't ya get it
all the insecure teenagers, and adult women, could project themselves on that blank canvas
actually 
good point
thats why she bugged me so much
this was the whole shtick and it's horrible. It's basically telling them that all will be okay, you can be like that and still get the hotty 
Don't work on yourself, just be uninteresting as fuck and you will get a man
Sure I know that but still
Its shit
And guess what fuckers
It is utter shit
Its written by a mormon
Yall are nuts
yall?
hmph
He means mormons
oh
ha
He's sick, just ignore him
Pretty sick yeah
Ears resonate headache and I think I need a tampon for my nose RedManBearPig is right
he is not sick for sayong mormons are nuts
they are
completely
RedManBearPig this is sernems unicorn rofl https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xp0x/q4_women_of_ppd_who_are_considered_at_least/cz65jaf
They are susandeath
jezus fuck
She is broken with a capital F
talk about broken goods
Link?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xp0x/q4_women_of_ppd_who_are_considered_at_least/cz65jaf
Thanks
And he would take her over a slut lol
like atleast a slut uses a healthy way to deal with all that shit she went through
like really, fucking to forget about agony. Pretty effective
You mean sex?
Yes
He said fucking lol
Fucking usually implies the sex
Emily is like "nah, keeping that shit on lock"
Not to be dismissive of her past
AtlasB are you here
what am I missing
I thought se was a sloot
based on that post
is there another comment
from her?
emily is marrying a dude
and she is in chastity until marriage
4 months
oh that chick
Yes
shit
ooh
my hubs's first date
eh
with me
was
religion
Honestly, I don't care what she doesx
people do weird things
BJ before steak dinner
period
cause religion
but I don't like it when people set themselves up for disaster
he aint buying steak if i can't suck a dick
hahahaha
I was offered sex with a 21 year old girl today. In exchange for that, I was supposed to advertise some kind of bathroom cleaner. Of course I declined because I am a person with high moral standards with a strong willpower. Just as strong as Ajax, the super strong bathroom cleaner. Now available with scented lemon or vanilla at your nearest drug and
convenience store. Act now and save 1.50 off your next purchase.
jack4ss++
mofo bringing the bants
I like your husband HWL
chastity is for betas
le ctrl-c allows me to be the mayor of banterville
lol me too
Yup Jack4ss haha
Jack4ss++
ok, what exactly is the karma shit for
do i get a prize?
.karma
you get a rank
is there a karma stamp program for cheap dishes?
I wish
.karma
when you reach 10, you can exchange it in for a mail order sex slave of your choice
oh really
what i really wish is that I could find a way to convert my reddit karma into dollars
well at least thats useful
happywifelife wouldnt choose a sexslave
R617945.18
thats how much rand I would have if I could
That means she can walk over him/jer
Not bad
I could settle all my debt
and buy half a house
well i would choose one, but it'd be for the hubs
lol
ok we will have to deal with the unwanted sex slave
hahah
anyway
I am off to my house'
bye susan
so I can cook and work more there
see you laters
Bye!
byebye SUe
Usa usa usa
trump trump trump
sanders!!!!!
Cant stump him
shut your face jack4ss
sanders for preseident
We are getting the wall happywifelife 
The only sanders I want for president 
Is the colonel
yep
big old bucket of shicken
Chicken and a big ass wall
Sounds great
wasn't there a dude name Colonel Sanders, unrelated to the chicken
lmgtfy
blowing how is vegas!!!!!
Hey bloblo
Sup PPDBot
Have you done blow yet?
oh hello to u to
rude.
Hello Jack4ss !
Did you find you dark haired green eyed man blowing?
do they still make blow?
Hey BeyondTheLight !
RedManBearPig: !!!! Hi!!!!!
Hi
So the update on Vegas
It's weirdly colder here than back home
How
Its a motherfucking desert
Unless its 4 am
I beat a hooker with a tire iron last night and it's 50/50 whether she pulled through
It's 7
Ahaha
Nice.
43F
are you for real?
O that is lretty warm
Not compared to Florida
did you really beat a hooker last night?
67F
^^ that's the temp back home today
19.4 is prettttty warm
RedManBearPig if asked, I was in here chatting between 11pm-2am
sure
you are pretty hardcore
for a woman
I like that
So officer blowing hit someone?
Whaaaat?!
how can i trick my man into eating vegetables for his health??  oh i know, i will deep fat fry them!  winning!
wtf is wrong with women
She was chillling with the crew here.
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/425kbz/cooking_for_a_man_who_doesnt_like_vegetables/
Sounds good
lol your sick addled mind is interesting to me BTL
he's not a fucking child or a puppy
i JUST read your comment happy
i was so relieved someone else shared my sentiment
And then we offer the officer some weed
Although scratch that
its so obvious
That will get you in jail
I think Vegas popo need a little more than weed
its more important that he swallow her vegetables (directions), than his health
what a crock of shit
Speed can do
hes a grown ass man, if he doesnt want to eat broccoli he doesnt have to . im sure he understands the complexities of a balanced diet but just doesnt give a frick
Refined and all
my hubs would dump that shit on the floor
you cant force feed the guy
and eat three steaks in response
My friend lives in Henderson so I'm just in another homogenous American suburb
Except not much grass
I think you know what the men need blowing
even if he wanted the broccoli, he'd fucking dump it on principle
i understand wanting your hub to have a balanced diet, i really do, but again, hes not your child
yes
unless you got a female officer
that ain't gonna help your case
It's Vegas
control freak bored fucking housewives
The females prob need the saw
Same
Hahahaha
possibly
sitting around dreaming up ways to control vegetable intake
Best typo ever
Lll
im keen to think that maybe she is just steaming the veggies and he doesnt like them?
i got real life shit to do
Females need the saw
This escalated quickly
honest question
there are hundreds of ways to dress up veggies to make them palatable for the pickiest of eaters and even THEN if he doesnt like them, he doesnt have to eat them lol
goodness
Ok
Its a neat magic teick blowing 
Stops the nagging
Bribing cops with sex. How effective is this in the USA?
100% succes
I've never tried it
i make my grandkid try everything, she needs the leadership
S
he doesn't need that shit
you ever heard of it been succesful
I've flirted my way out of a ticket
And cried my way out
right
i turned A on to a lot of different foods he just never had when growing up
But never blown my way out
being*
oh thank god, an rpw posting with some actual content
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/425kbz/cooking_for_a_man_who_doesnt_like_vegetables/
i swear to god women fucking piss me off
lol
I haven't heard personal stories of people offering sex to get out of being arrested/tickets
okay blowing
and I was able to find a type of fish and cook it to the point he requests it now and hes always hated fish. its just a matter of preparing the right meal
Officers get pretty dickish
At traffic stops
i'e never had a cop be a dick to me
https://media3.giphy.com/media/T0x2SDlw6ojKM/200_s.gif
I'm like "can you just give me a warning?"
and im a dick when i cause the cops to be around me
Llooool deep fry it
Ahhahahahahhaah
right
so very fucking brilliant
Add those calories 
Yolo
happywifelife: do you just accept the ticket or fight it?
hahahahahahahahahahahaah
if i did the crime, i accept the ticket
I've never once simply accepted the ticket
if there is actual injustice, fight
Even if I did the crime
And I've never received a full fine
They usually let me off the hook 
Because of it
i've never gotten a ticket from a cop
It helps flashing a military ID
ive been arrested 4 times though
police officers are good to me
i dont hate cops
all i can think of
i want to put thapic on that thread hahahaha
I think cops can tell I'm not black black
I don't hate them lol
Cuz I've never had an issue
I just prefer not to pay a full ticket if I don't have to
Smart blowing 
Dont waste drug money
If I can argue it down to a non moving violation then why not?
And buy it from me
I don't want points on my license
I don't want my insurance to sky rocket
My brother was driving drunk, yelling, cop pulls us over and says "get home safe you two!!! :)"
So I argue or flirt for a ticket like doesn't have proof of insurance
i replied to you with it, but might be better suited in a new comment lol
its fitting
And all that requires is going to show your insurance to the county and a $5 fee
Better than $250 and points
thats hilarious girl
She should cook them in bacon grease lol
it's because you are join BTL
and trustworthty
They did the same to me
young*
I was like
though we are both not trustworthy
Wait I am a joint?
Yeah nope lol
I'm just not the type of person to accept the consequences simply because they fit the crime without a fight first.
Man turkish people are a pain with cops
Those fuckers are proud as hell
honestly sun why not. candied carrots are great. i know its not the healthiest option but if you can find a way to cook veggies that he actually finds appetizing tahts far and away better than forcing your hubs to eat his veggies
Turks and morrocans man
YOU CANT GET UP FROM THE TABLE UNTIL YOU CLEAR YOUR PLATE MISTER
hahaha
Like italian proud almost
On steroids
Yes
wat
Actual italian people are pretty friendly lol
You mericans get the weird ones
she says he has dietary problems and he cant eat veggies if he actually sees them
0,o
italian men are all about maschismo though
Our Italians came here like 100  yes ago
who knows
They do live with their mothers and share a home that stereotype is very real there
Especially more rural
AtlasB i have one question
i just know of no medical issue that makes a person be able to eat vegetables only if they are hidden
how do these people spend so much time wearing light colored pants sitting on grass and not get stains
but im not a doctor, ive only seen one on tv
sophies choice 
Why can't women just let men ear what they want 
because stupid
Lol
i dont believe her added explanation for one second
Ooooooo
or she would have framed the original posting that way
I don't know lol
i dont understand how that sciences
0,0
You're watching it?
yeah
Yay
"A is allergic to peanuts unless he can't see them then its a-ok"
lol
oh ok science
i get it
i just lol at the posts where these women are trying to figure out how to make their men do x and y
A would literally laugh in my face if i ever tried to 'make' him do anything and rightly so
and like you said happy he would prob dump the food if he realized i was trying to pull one over on him lol
yep
I never eat vegetables 
he has neuroses about eating vegetables but tells his wife he wants to eat vegetables?
WING YOURE GOING TO DIE
Sometimes I go weeks
LET ME FORCE FEED YOU
SIT DOWN
Lolol
better yet, wingn, because your digestive process is so fucked up, i will deep fat fry these veggies for you
the whole thing i s a crock of shit
RIGHT
If he behaved like that I'd stop making them 
oh my god
let me deep fry my food so my hubs can be healthy
what the actual f
http://www.justinhubbell.com/comics/2015-09-14-Lets-be-Clear-Longform.jpg
so did both her kids die AtlasB 
he/she/whatever gets quite the psycho look as the comic progress
actually no. due to stupid drawing skill the eye placement on each panel reaches into uncanny valley territory
Watch the movie
I did
she had to choose
but they only took her daughter to die right away?
Ooi you watched the whole thing?
just finished
Yeah you never find out about her son
Did you like it?
yeah
sad
http://img.pandawhale.com/post-28945-Home-Alone-gif-Im-eating-junk-98ch.gif
Sooooo sad
hahaha
OMG nathan
stingo with the swoop in 
a move as old as time
Yup
Were you so shocked about Nathan?
yeah
need to brainstorm a good meal for the weekend
we did ribs last weekend and i would have them every day if i had my druthers
he saved her and then he killed her
i like shisk-ke-bobs or however you spell
mix steak chicken shrimp with veggies and grill
i use a spicy bbq mix to lightly coat it all
so fucking yum
but not bottled bbq sauce
Ugh my face hurts
Stupid cold
do your teeth hurt?
i think you have a sinus thing
dr. Happy here
lol
lol
how cold is it?
I think when ppl think of the 40-50s and sex they just think of teenagers 
Sophie and Nathan we're adults just living together in a love affair
our weather forecast for tomorrow is "blizzard"
oh joy
gosh i really need to do a destash this weekend
the east coast is getting hit pretty hard, no?
apparently
i have to ogo shopping again
clothes, makeup. i have more than enough :|
i am stunned at the snow, i can't actually fully accpt that i am a foot taller than the greenhouses right now
Blizzard
Yikes
And I am bitching about our -5 C
its fascinating to watch ppl act like its the first snow theyve ever seen
EVERY year
Haha
Like a special snowflake
lol
Quite literally
-5c
Still cold BeyondTheLight
we get as cold as -20 F here.  The doors freeze shut from the inside
At least not blizzard cold
6-10 inches is not a blizzard
what hysteria
lol
at leas tit will coverup the deer poop apocalypse that is our back stoop
millenial weather forecast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VG5MtenlP-A
Disney's The BFG - Teaser Trailer
http://www.anonymousconservative.com/blog/muslim-falls-in-love-with-blonde-mannequin/
OMG Jack4ss !
erm
wut
get that man a pill
Lol idk if that's love
But somethings definitely happening
AtlasB: DC may get 1-2 feet
Yes my teeth do hurt actually!!
thats a pretty good sign of sinus
Whyyyy :(
Hmm
LOL little_red_ the pic of kevin in the vegetables thread!
i went to the dentist with a toothache
:p
Yesterday they were saying 12-18 here
he tapped on my teeth
Now 6-12
no cavity, but extreme discomfort when he tapped
sinus
It'll probably be 4
and good morning everyone
Dang
i thought i didnt because it didnt seem normal sinus
Morning!
but then he was right
heya camille
2 feet is a lot
shes probably just a bad cook 
We've had more
either in general or in his opinion
camille thats what i said also
that too camille
Its pretty for a day then the city plows you out 
if him looking at his food repulses him to the point he cant eat it, but if he DOESNT see it he can tolerate it?
errr
I like shoveling snow
she should just buy him some vitamins lol
yeah that makes no sense
Ooo I'll wear my garmin
Haha
Turning everything in a exercise huh
maybe she could blindfold him
two birds one stone
^
steaming veggies is far and away different than roasting them or makign a baked dish
veggies ate and sexytime 
0:37 AM <@AtlasB> Sophie and Nathan we're adults just living together in a love affair 
lol happy
in manhattan 
or he could get professional help to work on his weird mental block
snigger
maybe hypnotism could work or somthing
when stingo asked her to come to his home he was clear they would have to be married
im reccomending professional help more and more to the peopel who post in rpw 
*reccomending 
maybe his wife makes too much noise to him about veggies and now on principle he'll be damned 
like that girl who couldnt touch meat!
R wants a shit ton of snow
that is so ridiculous camille
i have a cure for the girl who cant touch meat
right little_red_ there are thousands of ways to prepare different types of veggies
So we can all go sledding
i mean if you cant stand meat dont date a meat eater
i mean really
You can have it all
how silly
put her on a poultry farm and make her learn to butcher her food.  SEriously
My friend H is vegan
veggies communicate with each other
She converted get husband to it. Ive seen it happen
i love that about vegans
it makes me hahahaha
im not saying you cant be a vegan, but dont be a vegan who is with a meat eater that is goign to gripe about his completely normal eating habits
get over yourself
plants are capable of complex communication/networking
Lol what
why on earth would you make one scream in your teeth
yes sunhappy
But then we'd have nothing!!
Lol
right
plants direct bacteria and soil fungi to go out and collect nutrients, mostly storing them in the soil network until the plant needs it
yeh
always more progressive in the cities
witzie http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/the-problem-with-chinese-students.html
Well I'm sure that's the case
there is a communication
But we gotta eat something lol
exactly my point
no matter what you eat, you are eating something that can do what humans do
if that makes sense
I love her for her Facebook PSAs
why the warm fuzzies over animals and not also over plants
it makes me laugh
Like pipes in pig vaginas
In graphic display
erm what
To discourage eating bacon
I'm so serious
oh my sweet jesus
This is every other day
Random stuff like that
what kind of psychological makeup is that
i must see this thing
happywifelife you may not actually know the answer to this but i feel like i read somewhere that plants can sometimes show that they are feeling "pain" is that true?
link
I have such interesting friends
yes camille
so cool!
although what we understand communicating pain to be isnt necessarily matched in flora
ew pig vaginas??????
lol@ argument in the comments with a WJWer
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/the-problem-with-chinese-students.html?showComment=1453435893343#c8515073283644526152
wat
why is that guy being suck a dick, mocking the pure beautiful love that muslim man has for that mannequin
i tabbed out wth did i come back to 0,0
that's something beautiful
so placing metal into a reproductive part and potentially damaging hurting it is better than eating bacon
Nsfw at all
lolol
oh dear
sorry
i forget
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/SjbpcsEy/Screenshot_2016-01-22-11-02-56.png
im not clicking lol
no
omfg
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWW
no
w
dont link that
Right y'all
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/racism-guilt-self-hatred-and-self.html
Sunhappy why on earth
did you post it like that
omfg
it just pops up automatically
Sorry I'm on my office
i am literally raging
im eating breakfast right now
Phone
Sorry ladies
literally eating breakfast
It's just showing as a link
bacon
LOL
aweee camille 
it pops up automatically on irccloud
blurchgh
Dang. Sorry Camille. For real
is your friend doing this or this is just something she found
I guess something she found
ok
im going to soke several nong hits now
bong
Legit sorry
excuse me
Omg
lol
now i need to know where she found that photo
im such a bleading heart for abused
the universe is telling me i need to stop being an asshole and not buy makeup
She posts stuff like this all the time. She says our discomfort means is wrong to eat meat or something
well thats just malarkey 
ive been pondering over whether or not i want to shell out 21$ for kvd lovecraft lipstick and it just went out of stock in front of me
THE UNIVERSE HAS SPOKEN
my discomfort is because its wrong to stick metal into the pig
that serves no purpose
at all
eating food has a purpose
raising animals to eat has a purpose
She's a radical animal activist
yeah i guess so
But like one of the best teachers I've ever had
So I forgive her crazy posts
i have a mycology associate who won't allow any photo or talk of eating meat or hunting it on his fb group
Aw
he's quite distrubed
omg what an effective political ad
My dad studied that :3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nwRiuh1Cug&feature=youtu.be
realy?
set to the most beautiful song
Yeah. PhD in mycology, 1997
wow
im a bit jelly
Don't be :0 you'd never know talking to him
where from?
states or ?
Howard university
Err
what is a WJWer, AtlasB
"wow just wow" er
lol
oh your dad went to howard?
they actually typed it
cool
well actually i have learned more about mycology from field researchers than from college educated
im a field researcher
That's real specific lol. Ignore that ROFL!! In DC, I mean
no formal schooling
if a 78 yr old jew becomes president
haha no one would have known except me Sunhappy 
i will nmever stop laughing
now they can google it
:P
i learned to use a microscope online
Dang
Lol
through emails and forums
its fascinating his extreme brooklyn jewiness goe sunmentioned
lol he sounded sarcastic
Anyway pops is smart but a nut
SANDERS FOR PRESIDENT
because he was talking about female academics
why do foreigners always wish socialists on us
I want trump
Build that wall
w00t
That's awesome happywifelife 
How long you been studying it?
roughly 10 years
you dont know whats best for ya
doing you a favour
the Great Wall of America
Jack4ss++
that's very kind
only in the last 5 years did i start to learn about microscopy though
if trump gets into power you guys will prob get nuked
and nuke someone yourself
Ooh wow
AtlasB: 
Is this like your career or a hobby?
hobby
Bromance wanted hilary rofl
obsession
not surprising
i've done some cultivation too
I mean fucking hillary
Lol so stem
She is obama 3.0
well hes a liberal then
you think so'/
?
liberals want liberals
Don't give Obama that much credit
what can you do
i'd probably excel 
On steroids crack cocaine meth 
yeh
actually
youll be surprise
di dont think hillary is as linberal as ppl think
Snow day today from work. :3
She's not seriously
i think she was a goldwater girl who hitche dher wagon to a man who star could only rise as a dem
so much controversy over women in stem
would you not agree sun
I would yeah
that goldwater girls still in there
shes a player and a cynic
well nice long weekend for you katsu
She'd piss off more dems as president
Then Republicans
^__^
all the noises candidates make
about changing the system
are just signalling
dusty isnt wrong and neither is the dude he's responding to in the comments. I'd distrust most Chinese who study abroad. the grad students at top tier universities are legit though
no ones going to change our entire system of governemtn
i think you are correct atlasb
fiat yeh 
No one person can
thats why i like that trumps not even proetendign
"im going to end corporate welfare!!"
no youarent
thats what i hate
youre going to be president and sign things
yes
and the unelected bureaucracy will roll right along
Yup in the end 
The president is a handpuppet
because our entire system and monetary system runs a certain way
decades of GOP candidates pretending they are goingto what
I think the women in STEM controversy is temporary .... if only for several more decades... I mean, we've comea long way since the beginning of mankind
end keynesian economics?
no you arent
whereabouts are you that you got so much snow
we arent going back on the gold standard
do you still vote atlasb
I dont think you guys can
trump will be the president of the country we HAVE
not a fantasy libertarian or GOP governemnt
i wasnt going to
but if trumps thenom i will
B even said i could
Hilariously enough, it's not a lot of snow here, it's in Greensboro NC, but they just don't have the infrastructure to prepare for snow, so electricity and plumbing goes out more easily
lol ok
(I'm new here since last year, but that's my understanding of what happens)
Right trump is america
ahhh
i realized this over th epast 5 yrs
i wanted to move to nc before we came to co
Not some emoty promise
Oooh really
i only briefly visited nc but i loved it
GOP neever run on a platform of how theyll run the governemnt we actuallyhave
It's lovely here!
i dont believe there's any reason to think that voters are actually being represented truthfully
they run on a values signalling platform
i can not bring myself to play in that system
i literally can not vote
if your not in a swing state it doenst matter
I haven't been to CO though, but would think it's beautiful there
Ah happywifelife help the trump
thats just my point though
swing-state
?
its not becaus eof corruption
Even Rs mom is voting for Trump
O not a swing statr
I think his coalition is bigger than people think
yes swing state
adding up how many people (period) want this guy or that
It's young people, minorities
The elderly
the scenery is quite striking btu thats also because im used to flat terrain
we have an electoral system for a reason
yeah i know
direct democracy is terrible
Same here
and the founders abominated it
Lol
THANK YOU
the mountains and lack of stupid amounts of humidity is a nice change
the president is not the "leader of americans:
I tell people this
i know that tooo
And they say I'm nuts
hes the presiding OFFICER of the UDS federal governemnt
yeh well you talk to morons andwomen all day sun
the dude complaining about Chinese students in his son's public school indirectly brings up a good question for me. I don't know why our public/ state schools are busy accepting foreigners
Lol
i understand his role and his actual power, then i listen to them rally and promise
low rank schools should be for Americans.
and i cant be arsed to go to a booth over that
because it's entirelty fke
=) Yes, I'd imagine so
their promises are bette r understood as values and character signalling
My fellowship group really thinks Trump isn't going to win
its a fuckinf distraction
than promises to act
they arent kings
private schools are fine and top tier schools too because we have to be competitive, but why state schools
And making policies based on that. 
i dont ask them to be kings
Which is dumb
they can try to persuade congress
they can appoint heads of depts who agree with them
i just dont participate in circus acts and get riled up that my voice matters
Idk if I'd mind a monarchy
So long as I'm left the hell alone
it does matter in the state elections unless you live in a state
HOLY CRAP!
thats overwhelmingly for one party
thats democracy
over the counter sleeping pills are dangerous
?
I found my phone
if youre in the 49% you voice doesnt matter
in my veggie drawer
in my fridge!
Lol
on a totally unrelated note i just received colorpop liquid lipstick in the mail the other day and am in love with the formula if any of you ladies are into that! totally recommend it
Nice susandeath !
11:17 AM <BeyondTheLight> The president is a handpuppet    
ah yes
I must have put it there yesterday morning
im 100% sure that i have no idea what is really going on and that moneky on the stage is selling unsalable goods
this is up there with "everyone should get stem degrees"
I tell advocates your voice matters on state or local
I was so sure I had it wkth me at the office
that is what i mean my my voice is not important
?
Federal, no
yes reddit, we know you love these quips
Lol
lol witzie this sounds like you wrote it
https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/01/20/palins-speech/
Most of our policy mechanisms are stuff the president can't even touch
haha this discussion is one of reasons why I almost auto ignore people talking about moving back to gold standard
yes thats the faux sophisticated politics of the B's
Well witzie I am not wrong to a degree anyway
the president is not a "handpuppet"
he is also not a king
you are wrong
Awesome
he is a president
yeah
he's a monkey
the president i a president
a dancing fuckng moneky
he appoints SC justices
the presiding officer of the US federal governemnt
lol
right
he can send troops into battle
he does a LOT of stuff
he is the commander in chief and the chief executive
trump is gna go balls deep in the middle east
Right my bad happywifelife 
and the office of presidency has expanded with every officer who wants to expand it
R told me certain things have to pass regardless of the president, like military operations funding
for 200 years
right sun
Many regulations are out of his hands
? beyondthelight
president is as powerful as he can finangle himself to be
thats the deep state
I forgot the danckng part happywifelife 
he is not a "handpuppet"
lol
the deep state is controlled by federal employees
Right
ok
the eunuchs of the second room of the harem
control the deep state
I mean sure he has a big influence but not the ststus as a "king"
if youd all read creation
whioch you wont
hes not a king
does it have mushrooms in it
and ppl who expect him to be shoudlnt be allowed to vote
Bernie looks so old
no lol
Power doesn't change because of an election
bernie is anold jew
Real power anyway
US president has way more power than UK King
he loooks like my great uncle max
so that's funny for you to say
lol
yes
Bernie is too old
but he doesnt have the power to do whatever
On a absolute scale sure
at the stroke of a pen
Totally
Idk how dems want him to run
But complained about McCain
i remember atlasb you once said something along the lines of "people who dont own business or property should not be allowed to vote". anyway, something close to that
its the  mentally ill mcgovern wing
do you remember that
Just because america is that much stronger 
yes ppl who have a stake in the economy
ok
net taxpayers
Yeah
no BeyondTheLight, UK prime minister has more power than UK king
in lieu of land ownership
no other requirements
not even age
People with refundable tax credits out the ass
do you think i should vote, i own property.  answer honestly lol
King doesn't really have authority
if you can become a net taxpayer as a 14 yr old girl
you can vote
Should apply for the right to vote lol
Wasnt it like our constitution witzie?
i think i should not vote
what governing power does Queen elizabeth have BeyondTheLight ?
Here the dutch king technically can rule the country but its more of a taboo to do so
well tho
the uk queen is more symbolic
they used to have power
yeah
how do foreigners factor into that though. are they just barred from owning land in te USA
Constitutional monarchies
Maybe I am projectint our consistitution to theirs to a degree
why do thye still have her though
well you have to be a citizen too ma faute
tradition
Figure head FirionDarklight 
im sure a 40% muslim UK will continue to have a royal family
they are german usurpers anyway
v scummy
i dont think it will reach 40%
When their palace has little hibajis running in the halls
The UK will push back
probably the ultranationalists will come to the front if the mainstream left and the cuckservatives keep going at it
Same reason Obama mobilized white nationalists
National iconography matters
it's either that or civil unrest with non-govermental independant parties coming to the front
like the mafia
I feel bad for all the Euro unrest
And these neo nazi parties coming back into power
since the state loses its legitimacy if it cant provide safety and stabilitiy
Over immigration
thank the leftists/multiculturalists
Yeah witzie I read that wrong
Zero power yeah
Maybe as public image sure, but no real tangible power
theres no BABIES
why do i have to jkeep having this argument
theres no babies
do you understand?
What
euro whites have no babies
theyre gone
So yeah I was talking about my ass
bye bye
no babies
i understand what you are saying
NO BABIEs
however 
the future belongs to those who breed
europeans are not murikans
Out of my*
no babies
no babies
no future
if they breed more than euros
bye bye
then euros will drive them out
like rats
they wont
why not
Did I net split?
Hmm
did you
I guess not
no
just silence
Lol
Can I just say that my bloat is finally gone and that I k fabulous??? :D
Yay, Sunhappy :)
WingN did you see the anti rape app thing in modmail
I don't look a day over 25 ....
https://startsomegood.com/projects/withu in case anyone is curious 
he wants to post this on the sub
looking
uh why
anti rape app
wut
Lol you know why. We're all abused!!
40?
What?
....
it disturbs me that people let other people in via an app 
good neg Firion
;)
i dont get how this app would stop something like the mass rapes the refugees do
:(
i'd actually almost rather be raped than be watched
oh man
it aint stopping shit
our government
those men know that people are watching, that rape is illegal, that the police will/could get involved
yes
there are cameras everywhere these days 
a local municipality gave some marticulants
susandeath: http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/racism-guilt-self-hatred-and-self.html
"maiden bursaries"
Camille you are just saying that because teh patriarchy is keeping you down
and they can keep the bursary if they have a virginity test every year!
hahaha
oh and being raped
doesnt count
"What I have noticed is that people are more likely to do the right thing when they know:"
you still not a virgin
so you cant study any more
for fucks sakes men
if someone is about to rape you then they probably will just continue with the crime and turn off the phone/app/break it
that book looks interesting AtlasB
I shall put it on my list
and maybe hurt you more if they realise youre using it 
if someone is about to rape you they really dont care about doing the morally superior thing because they are being watched
at that point it really doesnt matter
thats horsehsit.  people are not more likely to do the right thing
being a witness, court, messy messy inconvenience 
if you are being raped and you want help, yell fire fire fire
everyone wants to be that kind of hero
"help im topless and cant get up!"
everyone comes running
lol
hahaha
hes in the army he should be encouraging women to be armed with a gun or at least mace
in the time you activate the app the rapist could be dead/wounded enough so you can run away 
so i dont get it, youre about to get raped, you press a button and it lets people know youre getting raped?
#abouttogetrapedupinhere #uhoh
??
Alright of to see R and Z
You ladies stay warm! Later
Later
have fun sun
Stay warm and be safe in the snow y'all
what yuou have snow
it says that it notifies your contacts and active bystanders
yeah camille thats what im thinking. if people were going rape-crazy around here A would tape a gun in one hand and a german shepard in the other
yeah i saw that i just, i dont know. i guess i just dont see it being very effetive
"There are two groups that will be notified in case of an emergency, your own person contacts that you identify, and the group of users, who have volunteered as active bystanders."
it doesnt even call the police!
this is so dumb
does it give them your gps or? how does that help?
little_red_ recieves a text: lady is about to get raped near you
um.. ok.. well...
i guess it just sends out a voice memo and youre supposed to identify wher eyou are
 /shrug
http://uncabob.blogspot.gr/2014/09/on-not-approaching-women-at-all.html
hm
if it texts literally all of your contacts that would be embarrassing
random people you met one time, distant relatives, coworkers, theyd all know 
BTL
stop talking shit
our king has no power
He doesnt
shame really
oh okay it says you identify who it notifies!
I read it wrong
still very dumb
I shamed my family
I would love to have proper leader
do seppuku you neet!
I am not a neet 
But I can leave the chat in shame for a while
neet!
neet!
neet!
come to greece already you neet!
Later
i could understand if it was some sort of app like lifealert
about to get raped, press button, notifies police you are in trouble along with some sort of gps location 
otherwise i just totally dont understand how its goign to save you
yeah it doesnt seem that useful
hey zombie
Hey, little_red_!
how ya doin
Doing pretty good. My bro and I made some snow cream with the snowfall. :) You?
man, it's funny to listen to how men talk when they forget that you can hear them
my hubs is a dirty dirty dog lol
I work around a bunch of lumberjacks
so yeah i get it lol
so you know
this is who they are when not under the tyranny of pearl clutching
lol!
i dont really get why women get so riled over that, honestly it makes me fucking laugh
ya when A's brother is in town its a whole other sight of him and the crap they talk about
its hilarious
and what's he's saying is bad bad bad
I used to hear it when my ex would play video games with his buddies on voice chat.
i had a conversation with one of the women i work with re: men and their sexuality
if i posted an excerpt of any potion of this morning's conversation, there would be a gofundme page for my rescue in a hot fucking second
maybe i will bluepill troll the story
she is really offended at the idea that a married man will oogle other women even if its in his own head. im totally against cheating and thats really the only dealbraker/thing i couldnt look past but i tried explaining to her that its mens nature to think about women
men look
they are visual
it means zero
but she just believes most men are dogs but there is some pristine man out there that will be totally great and never look at other owmen
yeh
thats called gay
i, like her, dont fantasize about men when im in a relationship
LOL Happy
seriously
but its a male thing, its just how it is
but she doesnt want to accept that
i fantasize about mickey rourke all the time
lol
but not real other men
its not cause im a saint either
no one else would ever measure up to my hubs
lol A is really the only one that gets me going. i can see an attractive man and understand that he is attractive but it stops there. i understand men are wired differently, and i just accept that
we were made for each other
:D
all these rules women have for controlling men's behavior
so that they know they are the one and only
im not going to lie, i used to be abit like that when i was younger
sure
but when you had the capacity to see more clearly your actions, they changed
i thought fantasizing and all that jazz was .. offensive? id ont know
blinders are cheap
yeah absolutely
:)
easy
self serving
thats what it means to be human honestly
7 deadly sins came from somewhere real for a real reason
i will say i learned a lot from rpw when i started reading years ago
is quiet here
talk people who just joined
grateful for it
my hub's besty was describing the mental intellect of a handicapped woman, to be that of thirteen
don't force them susandeath
they might be shy
oooh
sorry
my hubs responded that that could really be a good thing
like for a side piece
rape kidnapping
lolz
even better that she's very obese
:o
makes a slower runner
its fucking horribly funnty
lol
.ping talk niggers
wtf do you want ppdbot
always bossing me
lol
does this
do that
hey you
rude
WHAT
Hey!
I have been summoned
I'm eating snow cream. :3
.msg #purplepilldebate say I want you HappyWifeLife only you
Snow cream?
Is a sort of ice cream made from snow
you dont want me
trust me
Interesting
have you met me?
Lol, happywifelife
snow cream just sounds like a euphemism
ppdbot is like chatting with extros
.msg #purplepilldebate say HappyWifeLife do not break my metal heart
stab stab stab
No, it's literally snow cream. :p
hey I am only black on the inside
Just hope it isn't yellow
hahahah
are you an intro HWL?
how do you cream snow?
intj
.msg #purplepilldebate say whats wrong with extros
blabber, useless blabber
Snow, vanilla, egg, sugar, sweetened condensed milk.
thats whats wrong with extros
extros = slooots
intp
ooh HappyWifeLife you are like J 
he is also INTJ
13 hour stories about 12 people you will never know
to make a three word point
lol
and they always refer to those people like you should already know who they are
but what if I promise to introduce you to all 12 people?
and have a braai?
MORE HOURS
ppdbot brevity is the soul of wit 
yes
I always refer to myself as if you should already know how fucking important I am
im so used to being completely overwhelmed at my last job that its crazy working here and not being swamped with work
which is why i dont talk much IRL
I am guilty of extroing
i have almost enough to keep me busy but id almost want more lol
Awesome, little_red_
im just play hating on extros
it is! im not as stressed as i had been (i was working basically 3 positions)
you're fine, go on with your business
i can ignore you
:)
don't worry we extros also love player hating on you intros
oh i know it
but i go a little stir crazy now and again, but at least i have irc now haha
thats what makes it fun to play
lol
Good point!
yep
you can hate us all you want but in the end you need us
extros externalize their inner monologue
and are interested in ppl
you will go cray without others
i need others only to createmedia for me to consume
yes AtlasB
I do tyhat all the time
lolol atlasb
i could chat with an  AI that said
oh?
talk all my thoughts
i love you
uh huh
cough
i see
youre so right!
and I am interested in people
:)
.msg #purplepilldebate say AtlasB you are so right
lol
im interested in people too, but as a watcher
lolol
im interested in people
as they illustrate
ideas
im not interested in most actual ppl
i like to watch people and their fucked up behaviors and laugh
http://www.laurainthekitchen.com/recipes/potato-croquettes/ 
this one extro who used to work at the video store with me
these look so good
its purely evil
used to come up to  me and say
I like actual people
"omg i talked to bobn for an hour last night!1  i love bon.  bob"
omg
very excitement
tell me more
for 6 hours
with no concenrn fo rthe fact that i had no idea who bon was
not TELL me why she love dbob
and then what did he say
and then what did you say
hooray for the dumber extros
that was a conversation to her
.msg #purplepilldebate say AtlasB I see
oh yeah its been a while lets do this again
just rambling about ppl i dont know
how are you AtlasB ?
lololzlzl
im great witzie!
how are you?
great!
what did you eat for breakfast witzie?
was it good?? zomg i love breakfast
a protein bar, thanks!
what was the shape of your last bowel movement
I saw Lauren yesterday!!
awesome, my friend cindy eats protein bars
oh Lauren
yay
omg she was just waering the cutest sweater
lolol
how is Lauren
hahahah
but I think she stole it from Melonie
i cant even
that bitch
you know how those kleptos are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wSHNRJO-Ow
I KNOW RIGHT?
just like she stole Jennifer's boyfriend
RIght
psh
I'm reading all of this in valley girl
oh yum
oh yeh i have to see tha tmovie
i forgot about it
that movie is fucking awesome
literlally upward, this shit is literally pointing upward, like a direct communication from god
n no no children laugh laugh
god is the funniest man in the universe
anyways
sorry witzie
aren't you guys like describing an ESFP?
yeh its not the more male E's
usually
that one guy
males are still always more object oriented
BUT
who was it
aaron or something
sold you out guy
my H externalizes his inner monologue
yeah
man that guy
I know he does
i remember making these little phyllo dough "purses" (there was an actual name for this) with fennel, roasted pumpkin and idr what else was in it but hot diggity they were so good
and pretty easy to make with a great presentation
i guess i feel compelled to sometimes
when i monologue here
So does my boyfriend, AtlasB
Almost certain this is a troll, but here's something that'll kick you right in the gut https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41x5gl/my_wife_34f_wants_mutual_friend_to_father_our/#header
I have the same tendency
oh witzie i put the original dudley moore/peter cooke bedazzle don your list
"I have this idea and you are going to listen to it. Don't really care if you are interested"
i can tolerate your monolgue, atlasb
on netflix
its so funny
Right, RedManBearPig, that's how it is here.
my monologues are only tolerable because theyre about ideas everyone can have an opinion on
yep RMBP
I do that 
whereas extros monologue about ppl you dontknow
correct
or care about
Roght
I monologue at my cats
Nah
i sing to my cats
Aw, susandeath. :)
Typical extros sure
i sing the Womalina song
wormalina
when men extro on and on about people, i literally visualize them prancing about and stuff
wormalina?
I only think in terms of plans, projects and ideas
and "tippy tippy toe tep, tippy tippy tee ta" at tippytoe
lol d
her name is The Worm 
oh hahah
unfortunately i cant believe that scenario :/
you imagine the men prancing
interesting
the wormalina song goes wormalina wormalina tiny little thing
i can*
wormalina dance
wormmalina sing
lol
haha
its from thumbelina when i was a kid
nice
that was one of the frist books I read
i cant imagine him wanting to let her screw another guy that she clearly is interested and willingly raise his child, but as badly as i want it to be a troll i dont think it is
there was another posting about thT VERY THING
oops
my sister got it for christmas one year and I would read it to her
or is that the same one
oh yeah same one
Yeah, someone else pointed out the scenario has been posted on reddit before.
"dear h, i would like your permission to cuckold you. WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU AREN'T THRILLED?!?!?"
cringeworthy
if it is real i think the worst part about it is that hes going along with it
i understand being devastated when you find out that you dont get to have children with the man you love, but her reaction and everything that went along with it is a trainwreck
dat solipsism
"his feelings? WHAT DO YOU MEAN HE HAS FEELINGS?"
yeah, so catch him while he's feeling inadequate, and pressure into something he's going to hate you for for the rest of his life.
gj woman
but
she gets what she wants
so 
you guys just forget that men are disposable resources
i lol still about people saying to just inject her with a turkey baster
if the well run dry, best see fit to dig another
is this real life
lol i know red
that was funny
oh god phantom youve opened a can of worms
I hope she likes the idea of being a single mother.
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/425fsm/my_31f_husband_32m_name_calls_at_our_son_1m_and/
hmm
Because once he gets over blaming himself for not being able to give her what she wants
He's gon be piiiiissed.
wow netflix selection sucks
i couldnt find more than like 15 movies to recommend
anyone know HotSauceHigh?
nope
that makes me want hot sauce tho
yay pregnancy
Ladies
http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/01/jared-rutledge-pickup-artist-c-v-r.html
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/41x5gl/my_wife_34f_wants_mutual_friend_to_father_our/cz6eha3
It talks about rp and rpw
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/425kbz/cooking_for_a_man_who_doesnt_like_vegetables/cz7zmbr
?
damn! why didn't i see that
lolol
well there are a lot on my list
sophies choice is the first one i watched
witzie all th emovies i puton your list arent "great"
Their good movies were on DVD not streaming
If they wanted to be prggo though
but they are all of interest
sophies choice
and she IS preggo
I dont know if I could watch that
then she shouldn't have pushed for him to get tested
i read the book
once was enough
like existenz has my fave actress and one of my favedirectors
it haunts me
I hope she ends up alone and miserable
poor guy
and was an early film to deal with videogame immersive worlds
yep
oh yeh the book
so good
i read it first
before i saw it
I cant watch the movie after that
one run in with it was enough
so existenz isnt the best movie or anything
like Grave of the Fireflies'
but its interesting
once was enough
i couldnt watch grave of the fireflies all the way through
AtlasB
I cried
I found grave of fireflies boring
I don't understand why making a good man feel confident and happy about his relationship with you should have to be such a contentious issue.
yeh
like loud sobs
thats why
if that guys is willing to let her fk another dude hes probably forever going to be her doormat
lol
I don't like much animated stuff
not sniffles
it broke me
I don't think I finished it either
for a bit
it was so sad
it was a story about ppl
I looked up the wikipedia to read how it ended
cuz it was boring
yes people
I like people
it had no philosophical or social dynamics import
they mean things to me
like sophies choice
which appears to be about ppl
like some of my favourite people are book characters
but is about themes
its hard for me to explain what "i dont like movies about people " means
I think i do
um
let me try
so like you like people as a whole
as an abstract
yeh
not so much as individuals
idk about that.
and if you say a movei si about people
individual stories told not to illustrate themses
it examines individuals
He's probably still reeling from the news, and feeling all the guilt and shame associated with it.
yep
but to LITERALLY tell about the ppl
But that won't last forever, hopefully.
like the devils
i see it as their individual stories hold no actual usable value to you
yep
is  a true story
hopefully
and i dont mean that in a shitty way
abotu father grandier
i sort of agree with that comment happy posted
but the MOVIE is about which hunts an dpolitics
and male female dynamics
09:32:50 <@AtlasB> .ping talk niggers
hi
so itd people in the specifics
power
He's private, and I think his anger will come in time
not people in the general that you dont enjoy
if shes already gone behind his back tlaking to some guy about this all shes probably already slept with him
I want to choke this man's wife
To death
Having your secrets put out like that by the person you thought you could trust most?
if the specific people arent telling a big story about the human condition
its not interesting
I think she should be gutted
am I right?
right phantom
i couldnt imagine
Witzies attempt to extro was pretty good. You should join us witzie
Well, having the person you're supposed to trust most in the world salt that fresh wound like that.
Women have no souls.
And I'm not a violent person - but stuff like this makes me think murder is okay
Holy fuck.
yeh
thats it
even having something trivial told to someone else about yoru life would be frowned upon since its not public knowledge but something liek THAT?
i mean obviously all movies and books are about ppl
I listen to you
like GWTW is a character study
well yeah
especially to someone she knew he wasnt a fan of? goodness
but some tell small stories
about small human lives
scarlett rhett melanie and ashley are human archetypes
and some stories tell big stories
right
like a ken loach movie
about the human experience
http://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2016/01/consoling-voles-reignite-debate-about-animal-empathy/425034/
in the general
women like that should be set to anarchist continents 
i call it squalid realism
sent
I like both types
yeah
ayn rand wrote about Romantic Realism
squalid realism is about right
dressed like a barbie and fed on barbs
The picture caption: "I AM LORD VOLEDEMORT!" "Yes dear"
I also feel that this is an issue that needed to be discussed pre-marriage, tho. Like not just "do you want kids?" but "what if it turns out I can't have kids?" kinda thing.
idk.
Maybe this is a blessing in disguise.
This guy gets to walk and find a woman worth his time while he's still relatively young.
i'm optimistic about my chances of ending EmilyCharland's solipsism and making her purple pill
i hope he does walk
lifterofthings: I'm always stunned when people move in or get married and don't talk about real shit. It's so common too
you can't love a creature like that into being something new and better
she's garbage
move on
why?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/425fsm/my_31f_husband_32m_name_calls_at_our_son_1m_and/
Maybe I'm reading into shit that's not there, but I get the impression with his "private person"-ness that he's one of those that you get to fuck over once, and then you're dead to them.
Hopefully he is
why would you even want to
the h should dump her susandeath
what
everyone should join the dark side of the nonbloops
sorry
yep, A adn I want a family but if we cant conceive naturally for whatever reason then thats just it. just the 2 of us
I think they should have a proper conversation
that post
two topics
lol
I know
"let me serve him a beautiful meal"
gag
I can mulitalk
i know i couldnt adopt or do the whole sperm donor thing
I think she has focused on her baby so much her husband feels very second
is a mistake
well and lets face it
i could see if youre casually dating that stuff would be up in the air but to be married and not have had these types of understandings is beyond me
if your kid is being a brat
children should come second to the main relationship
its your job to fix it
cause they are gonna leave
yep
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/425fsm/my_31f_husband_32m_name_calls_at_our_son_1m_and/cz7wpmb
she is a cunt
happywifelife my niece at about 2 used to tell every one her name is Monkey
because speaking to them like puppies and nevr replacing bad behavoir with a better option.......
cause her dad always called her a little monkey
it was funny
this is another reason why i'd never want to be a step-dad though
and brat
thats my grands' nickname   monkey
is harmless
if the mother objects to my parenting style
one day old and that post was already locked :o
yes
they are words
my niece loved it
she was so proud of that name
i would be unable to get any parental authority
and frankly, who better to teach a son to be a man, than the father
you know cause he's actually a man
yep
squat out a girl and teach her that her feelings mean everything so she can grow up to be a ball buster too
since youre doing such a good job at that
lol
hehe
I must say
sorry
I do think the guy is behaving like a child though
he is
not
wait
well yeah
but it probably didnt come out of nowhere
in what way 
they got married 
they had a kid together
the divorce threat
dealing with a bratty two year old requires a sense of humor
that didnt come from no where
well ok yeah
i stopped reading before that
he has probably been feeling neglected since the kid was born
and he did overreact
but
to be fair
what new parent doesnt
he's tired of having his rightful power taken away with his own blood?
lack of sleep
adustiing to this new life he responsible for
asks his wife if he comes first
and she says nope
kid comes first
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/425fsm/my_31f_husband_32m_name_calls_at_our_son_1m_and/cz7xb31
no
if he asked
of coure
he was feeling that
susandeath
he is scared of not being important enough to the woman
the fuck is wrong with the dude
we are all about telling our kids how special they are
yeah, youre special...just like everyone else
RedManBearPig> he is scared of not being important enough to the woman
uh
its his wife
of course he wants to feel important to her
its why he married her
not important enough in comparison to the kid
you know what I mean susan, you read it
he shouldnt come second to the kid
if she puts the kid first she should be a single mother
I disagree with her
and I would tyell her
his ultimatum makes sense
really?
"the kid is your priority, so go have a family with the kid"
husband and wife's relationship shoudl come fist
kid second
"He kept pushing, so I told him that Carl comes first, but our marriage is a totally different type of relationship, and the two relationships can't be compared."
its how my parents are going on 50 years of marriage
you don't see how he is completely overreacting?
she didn't even say they're equally important
they were a team first
acting like a baby himself?
he isn't
well of course he is RMBO
I agree with that
Probably too many people observing what shitbags women can be.
he is over reacting
A husband and wife and a parent and child are different types of relationships completely imo
but I am saying
It's not about one coming first or second
that over reaction didnt come from no where
it sounds like she has been objecting to hsi name-calling for a while
The legbeards don't want that shit getting out :p
you can't say equally important
and putting the baby first consistently
so he gave her an ultimatum
that's speculation
which was good
he didnt just say that divorce line from no where
he could have remained passive-aggressive
but possible
instead he put everything out in the open
shoudl he have had a calm conversatoin
yes
but
their kid just turned 1
likely he has been sleeping badly for well over a year
new parents
are not the most rational of creatures
i agree with sern
I think he should have had a calm conversation
but I can get why he didnt
he is a person'not a robot
we are reading one side
susandeath
well yeah
but read into what she says about herself
but I cannot phanthom that this man is sane
that
if i did something really shitty to my hubs, and we had a calm conversation
lovely meal thing
RMBP
i would very likely run him straight over again
maybe he did what was required based on her nature
he is her hubs
how many parents of newborns have you been in contact with in your life?
lol
they are not sane
So I read the thread, and I'm totally on her side. This dude's a weirdo and she was right in almost every instance
#teamWoman
oh dear
they regain their sanity when the kid goes to school
They are not sane, I know
god forbid women be held accountable for their shitty behavior
I am team marriage counselling
no they dont susandeath
lol
Haha
my sons are 20 and 19
hahah
I had to deal with a mother who had extended post-natal depression
you wouldnt believe the shit they do
well I like to think my mom is sane
buuut
fucking grey haris
they are all perfect snowflakes and he just needs to accept her and her ultimatums if he really loves her, if not hes a scumbag who doesnt deserve a catch like her 
and now they are "men" and cannot be arsed to hear any advice
I think both husband and wife have fucked up here
they need some third party
taking after their father HWL
Most of the comments are sane, fortunately.
or she is gonna be a single mom
Advice about what?
he would be proud
women, finances, anything - not from me, but from my hubs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bvq07KBfhnQ&index=1&list=LLq0ic6KGgHG-dSzP7O-AS1A
Hmm.
ofcourse
Here's another girl behaving badly.  The description has some back story
they have no experience
I completely ignored my mother too at that age
they'll figure it out
even though she was my only parent
oh they ignore me
Nether does my cousin
lol
they like to tell me what they up to though
lol
I miss r/beatingwomen.
lol
I always find that odd. I never had mug desire to proactively tell my mother anything
Much
well atleast that is something
thats when you deck her
well they are doing it to get a rise lol
and leave her on the sidewalk
not a solution
my mother did know what I was doing, but I didn't tell her
if that was a dude he would have been clocked in the jaw awhile ago
when they want a solution to being a grown up man, they will likely talk with another man privately
but anyways i digress
oh its in miami
im not even surprised
susandeath, third party?  like a counselor?
wait lifter that was a real thing?
yeah
Was it like gifs of girls getting their comeuppance?
I think it's past the point of a counselor doing any good
I think it would be helpdul
I dunno
but you never know
you dont want to fuck with women from miami
What is to actually counsel though?
What would to goal of that be?
that spicy blood will cut you
for them to voice their issues
to see if their marriage can be saved
i dont agree with counseling in marriages
for men
or women
yeah but its that type of thinking that perpetuates that behavior
why?
but for separate reasons
she needs to be clocked in the jaw and put in her place
men aren't going to work out issues by talking
I mean, he's verbally attacking a baby and giving his wife strange ultimatums. I don't think voicing his issues is his issue
i dont care if shes a woman
and women dont need more attention for their selfish thoughts
verbally attacking a baby
right HWL
verbally attacking a baby?
he called a kid throwing food around a brat
how is that a verbal attack
its not
hahahaha
if that was  dude acting like that either the uber driver or a bystander would have done something about it
calling a baby a brat? verbally attacking
lol
i called my son an asshole
man
I watched that video with J, and you could see the frustration on his face.  OMG, he would have whipped her ass.  He was like "pick that little thing up, and throw her out of the car!"
he was being one
the think is happywifelife
The poster said he's has been. She used that as the example from this one event
sometimes
yep. absolutely
well she didnt give any mroe examples
And calling a baby a brat for throwing food is dumb
It's a baby
and she is so far up her own ass
I only half trust what she is saying
especially since he didnt press charges she gets away scott free
Architect
because she cried and he felt bad
when you have kids
i have video of my stepson crying and hysterical, refusing to eat his dinner
NOPE
"i dont yike it!!!"
come tell us how you never called them brats
LOL
when they were being full of shit
And she's allegedly a neurologist, so that's already entitlement x100
kids are obnoxious 
and then we will not believe you
you need umor
humor
yep
lots of it
and sometimes
you gotta tell the kid to stop being a brat
even at 1
maybe this is unfair
what is?
im not concerned more with children's feelings than with how they are raised to handle life successfully
some people only register feelings as important
well I think if you do that
"im a 5 foot girl who weighs 100 lbs im getting really belligerent right now"
what even
its smart
im not saying i shame them or control their happiness with words
and shes just throwing all of his documents from hsi glove compartment out into the street
Was that a rare moment of introspection?
you can shape those feelings HWL
and to be fair, the wife pushed that button one more time, and yep, explosion
so it's not unfair
she's been getting away with that button not going off
susandeath: I worked with kids for years and my sister has 2 babies
i would have pressed whatever charges i could against her just on principle
But sure lol
I have 10 nieces and 4 nephews
and I was a babysitter from age 14 to 25
shape their feelings?
I win
i dont want to shape their feelings
you aren't going to call a baby or kid that isn't yours a brat architect
i want to teach them how to think
how to resolve 
Lol, sure you are. 
happywifelife thats good
i want them to know that feelings aren't instructions
shaping feelings is weird
By shaping their feelings I mean shaping their attitudes
its sad that her guy friend (im assuming? maybe? or just a bystander? either way) just stood there and did nothing but laugh at her behavior
Disciplining kids is your job
right
while attitude and feelings are inter-connected
they are two diff thing
hm
I think my english vocab is lacking here to try to convey what I mean
i can feel shitty about not quitting smoking, but if i have a useful attitude, i have power
oh ok maybe so
i think parents who put their kids feelings above teaching them to be successful humans are harming them
creating weaklings who need "safe spaces"
thank Dr. Spock for that shit
right susandeath
Dr Spock
and child psychology
what a crock
the child care guy?
hahah
yeah
 from the 80's or w/e
my mom taught me to read using his book
Depends on what you define as successful. 
How to Raise a Brighter Child
the problem with safe spaces is in the execution, not the concept
I could read when I was 2
i dont define success by $$
cause of that book
yay Dr Spock
You can train your kids to be go getting asshole cunts and they will succeed
i define success by the ability to navigate and to prosper
in men
yeah
I like your definition
Navigate what
i am not financially motivated though
ultimate success for humans can only be defined in how many babies the human has #sexualalphadominance
I didn't notice that, unless you mean the cameraman?
the world Architect
life, goals, ideas, anything they want
and their interactions in it
How would that be any different than teaching a woman
so like when they are 21 and some one says
it was, happywifelife.
you are an asshole
yeah thats what i meant
they dont cry
They shut it down when they shut down fatpeoplehate :(
cause it was mean
I'd want my daughter to know how to navigate the world
how would teaching a male to navigate be different than that of a woman?
lol
im rpw
i guess they dont know her
:)
sure and im not saying not to teach her
i dont have daughters
i have sons
I am always a lil bit scared when I read about guys around these spheres having daughters
I can't find the reddit post for this video, but in the comments they were talking about how she can be brought up on charges still without the uber driver participating.
can you say
"daddy issues"
god i hope so
LOL
what a wench
right?
I know
there are SOOOOO many entitled princesses like that in south florida
I read one terper talking about how his 3 year old was AWALT
ok but
rollo has a teen daughter
probably in other areas too but it was ridiculous living there and just seeing the behavior of some of those girls
eh
theory and personal weirdo reddit internet god stories
are not the same either
infuriating becuase NO ONE puts them in their place
rollo just rechews already written stuff
It's got 1.5 million views now, so hopefully it will get viral enough to mess with her life.
its not all redpill guys that scare me
I don't know about him personally
its those angry terpers
they make me go
She probably is. Greasy awalt toddlers...
poor girl
lol architect
ya even if she doesnt get brought up on charges hopefully her peers see it and it is a reflection of her
Who needs um I say
the ones whose posts mostly consist of how shitty women are
those guys having daughters
I just feel sorry for them
the daugthers that is
It's different when it's your daughter
Yeah, I'd like to see her try and explain away that one.
well to be fair daughters are not wives
I dunno
Your daughter is not a dirty slut
Architect
Everyone else's is
ty architect
some of the stories
wait
but architect
you can always project
I already feel that these "creatures" are incredibly incompetent in life
they will only leave broken children in their wake
I mean sure. But if you hate women you don't necessarily hate your daughter. Same as like...really hot women who don't respect men having sons
RedManbearPig++
yeah I agree with that
If you're incompetent in life, you don't reproduce
Architect are you saying that your internal attitudes towards a gender wont influence you in your personal interactions
I dunno
lol that's a lie
imagine if your mom
doesnt respect men
If you're a 1/10 you fuck other 1/10s and make a 1/10 kid so how messes up you leave them doesn't matter
and you are a boy
if a woman lies cheats and teaches a daughter to be that thing too........
you are gonna see that she doesnt
resepct men
the man is wrong to stop her
?
in her interactions with them
My family doesn't respect men. My family is highly feminist
no HWL
http://akinokure.blogspot.com/2016/01/jeb-bush-but-my-mommy-says-im-cool.html
I loved it
Lived
Not loved lol
and yet here you are
What is that supposed to mean?
Greasy awalt toddlers  << band name confirmed
how much respect do you feel you get from your family?
I am just imaging that some terper wannabe alpha finds himself a submissive low dominance woman
makes a baby
parents dont respect children
and then he totally fucks things up
mine do now
as an adult
yes as adults they do
it reverses
now my parents call me
for all advice
well Architect is an adult now
and major decisiosn
its happened all through history redmanbearpig. the only difference now is the guy has 1,000 anonymous internet buddies cheering him on
my mom and dad do that too
uhm
hmmm
no
Ah, man.  In the youtube comments they doxxed her and flooded her work FB profile with stuff about the video.
SerNemesis: do asian/indian parents do that switch
where they start respecting their children?
or does that not really happen
i dont understand this sudden "start respecting their children"
its something you earn, not a timeline
well yeah
maybe i dont really understand what you are syaing
I mean it didnt happen over night for me
it is a timeline
you go an adult in the world on your own
my parents started respecting me in a vocal way when i was respectable
and then one day
mom and dad ask for your advice on stuff
asian/indian parents just coddle too much so the timeline is later
coddle?
wat
http://www.local10.com/news/um-doctor-caught-on-camera-in-druken-uber-rage
Witzie, they do if the kids become legit impressive. My sibling is impressive to my parents
for the most part it's really rare
have you met chinese people?
so happywifelife I think it can feel sudden for the kid
i don't see it often
but its not for the parent
i am chinese lol
its fluid
oh
because they are watching the kid grow
there are times of more respect and times of less
My family respects me now because I made them. They didn't to begin with. They gave my sister everyrhing
I'm still cnfused
it felt all of a sudden for me
its not an event
most chinese only have 1 kid nowadays. coddled
like one day my dad was testing me for drugs
that might be a big difference bromance9
didn't consider that
and the next he was seriously asking if he should sell his house and downsize
haha ya i saw that made it to local news. still though. if it was a dude that uber driver wouldnt have let him off charges just because he blubbered a bit
like my brother said he should
lol susandeath
it wasnt literally one day
it just felt like it
right
I think maybe because after all the damn testing
I move dout
and went and lived on my own
If it was a dude, the bystanders probably would have kicked his butt.
girls are different from boys, too
asian americans don't have that 1 child policy thing going on. so they still have high expectations
asian girls do better
that was my origianl point fiat
they need different things
and a man handling his male child....
and frankly, i don't see that many asian immigrant parents being impressed with their kids
should not have to threaten divorce to stop the wife from whining about the word brat
they work harder than their kids for the most part
she should just shhhh
I agree HWL
lol
he's tired, she's tired
shit happens
are you saying that second generation asians are lazy fiat?
Yes
damn
thats why parents need to be 
ok maybe if he called a threee year old a fat fuccking uselss waste of sperm
team first
then kids
In fact, as you go up in generations, the younger ones tend to lose their stereotypical advantages
i could see getting upset over that
tbf, 2nd gen is always going to be lazier than 1st
it makes it easier to deal with the tiredness
3rd gen+ asian americans are not much different from white americans
no math/STEM advantages
really?
that's interesting
http://blog.jim.com/culture/believing-in-male-supremacy-will-make-you-more-attractive-to-women/
they are fat and unhealthy, unlike their families, because of american lifestyle
10:43:08 <@witzie> SerNemesis: do asian/indian parents do that switch
Nope
changing your beliefs to be more attractive to women =/= male supremacy
Never
Pretty princess wouldn't pull that sh-t if it WAS an equal society and women get decked for being dicks
bromance that snot what the post says
Lol - snot 
"If you dont know the red pill, but believe that women should submit and obey, you will naturally act red pill. If you do know the red pill, but believe women are equals, then doing what gets you laid will seem artificial, unnatural, repugnant, and immoral, and women will seem bad when such behavior works."
this is a key observation
an dprobably the genesis of a lot of disgust towards terps
yes AtlasB
thats probably why pua merged with the antifeminist right
but some terps are gross
ew
ew
If you think of woman as equals, you cannot judge yourself to be a good man when you do what gets you laid, and you cannot judge a woman to be a good woman when you do what gets you laid, and then she obeys you, has sex with you, and serves you.
Because a lot of terps are betas and omegas
this is a very good observation
about the terpmoralizers
they are angry at women for being trp fodder
lol at this girl
https://www.reddit.com/r/makeupexchange/comments/426tb4/free_makeup/cz816h9
they WISH women were "equals:
WOE IS ME
right
they are horrified 
then what explains feminism atlasb?
I GET DOWNVOTES MY LIFE IS OVER
how is that remotely related to this discussion
a movement supported by women that demands equality?
lesbians an dman brained women and progressivism/communism explains feminism
it doesn demand equality
if thats not what they wanted whyd they build it
lol
it demands theaddition of male hard poweer to female sofy power
so those women dont count
it never demanded equality
thats a fiction
dotn give me an aspergers headache today im in a bad mood
^ 
I'm going with vamps explanation re: "has porn ruined sex," yes, for women dating H men
very rare
yeh well no duh
whoi do you think women date
omega nerds
just discussing the topic u brought up
i didnt bring up feminism
hmm
i love porn
Ha, typical temper tantrum.  Butthurt, butthurt, then "I don't want it anyway"
you inserted it
it was relevant tho
lol
its not
It wasn't 
cause u said women didnt want to be equals
i did?
where
they never preached egalitarianism
wasnt ur argument that, if u believe women are equals, and they fall for trp stuff, u must think theyre bad women?
thats a thrid wave fiction
my restatement of jims article was
that TRPS
who are secret equalists
hate women for turning out to be correctly described
by TRP
out of disappointed cryptoegalitarianism
ok, another post persuaded me, yes, also for ugly girls
oh
it wasnt my argument
maybe you should read closer
op is doing something super selfless but since princess didnt get her way its all to hell
doesnt trp say just accept reality, dont hate it?
qq
my t levels are very high today
and since yesterday
i may have to beat up nerds
Atlasb good news
this would be an unfair fight
yes thats what TRP says
seeing as only one of us is mod
but thats not what moralTRPs DO
moralTRPs dont TRP right
They found a war from 10,000 years ago in africa
people are gay
Is that awesome or what
i used to get that when I said no to dates.
linx
link
archwinger has said pretty much the same thing atlas
there was a dude who asked me out when I was like 19 or something
yeh, so?
i dotn read his longwinded drivel
I was like "I don't think we're really compatible that way". we were coworkers.
He was like "oh i didn't mean a date. i don't date fat women"
lol
I was like "suresure pal."
i dotn really read other ppls posts
not being me i dont find them interesting
Archwinger likes to rustle jimmies
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/01/21/science/prehistoric-massacre-ancient-humans-lake-turkana-kenya.html?referer=https://www.google.com/
archwinger is griss
glo likes to rustle jimmies
i like glo
hes funny
https://www.sciencenews.org/article/attack-10000-years-ago-earliest-known-act-warfare
and cute
hes like a professional troll
lefties all  over the world just died of cognitive dissonance
Oh wait atlasb wants to beat up nerds I should not be needing out over this discovery
Nerding
lol
thats not nerdy
I mean nerd has become pretty common
Need to differentiate
I love how shocked lefties where when Jane Goodall discovered that apes engage in warfare
see
war
Were
Nerd vs. geek or something
Or dork
thats another thing you damn westerners have stolen from us Africans
cultural misapropriation
AtlasB I want to watch another show now 
Lol
I was just going to say
do you have something survivalistic like 
Ugh.  The cringe is strong.
apocalypse or something 
or wilderness
White people appropriating war culture
a tv show ?
drok++
naw a movie AtlasB 
Did you see the revenant?
no
whats that about
i dont know ehere to find any
they arent on netflix
like jeremiah johnson
the edge
Frontiersmen
th enaked prey
apocalypto
oh good one yes
whats apocalypto about
Exploring out west
omg
its so good
you must
The edge is good
i will pay for you to watch it on amazon
i liked the edge too
its th emayan one
its th ebest movie
weve watched it 20 times
and so lush and beautiful
I want to see it
lol wth
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gombe_Chimpanzee_War
well fuck, no need to read any further about pregnant cows
momma and baby died this morning
:o noooo
:( my poor friend
I love the template on the side which shows the sizes of the two forces and their casualties lol
aweee
blah
The revenant is the new movie with Leo and Tom hardy witzie
:(
That sucks
I don't like tom hardy
damn the kahama were wiped out
maybe http://www.veoh.com/watch/v87199869GmXDMXHB
Really?
yes!
apocalypto witz
on veoh
free
thanks AtlasB 
yay!
:<
now that I finally finished the office
lol
can watch other stuff
i couldnt work on a farm i dont think . im so bad with tolerating death/etc
"Uglier friends have been pestered by bfs and hookups and pretty friends generally have never been asked. "
" Over the next four years, all six of the adult male members of the Kahama were killed by the Kasakela males.[5]Of the females from Kahama, one was killed, two went missing, and three were beaten and kidnapped by the Kasakela males."
both my parents grew up on farms and had to kill chickens and such
im too much of a weenie
Spoils of war
"my friend who exclusively dates TRP type guys, is extremely judgmental of all other women, but also claims to be ultra sex positive feminist in order to preempt that she got fucked and passed by a bro regularly gets fucked in the butt."
is Ugly Betty any good?
the 3 taken actually benefitted from getting better genes
Yeah bromance9 
its really a mental game
raising and butchering meat
once you are connected to the simple fact that you can raise meat respectfully and with the most nutritional value and then you also understand how to butcher it
roissy says women are xenophilic
what is that?
the icky of death sort of wears away
we like foreign men?
and it becomes "the process of sustainability"
u hate foreign men less than native men hate foreign men
trust me
probably
at least before age 40-50
i sang songs to fucking turkeys for months and months
I probably hate most people less than most peopl
then i had to step up and butcher them
I dont believe in hating
i love turekys
I probably hate more people more than most people
after age 40-50, the potential benefit dies out
11:06:08 <bromance9> u hate foreign men less than native men hate foreign men
you can hate for me witzie
that little bit of sick feeling is good for you
from Pam "I also think most men don't have the SMV to pressure women into anal. Bottom (heh) line is that if she doesn't want to do anal, he's not going to get anal."
and then you keep moving
Right but native men love foreign women even more than native women love foreign men
aww nooo
More race-winner wannabes than race traitors
true sernemesis lol
Lol
it reminds me of that one bobs burgers episode where the animal rights protesters bring a cow to his burger shop and make him "meet the meat" named moo-lissa and decide if the cow dies or lives
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7m34d
dear zachary?
yeah
zat you?
thats an emotional game
useless
lol
Check out this noise 
http://www.breitbart.com/sports/2016/01/22/olympics-allow-transsexuals-to-compete-under-gender-they-identify-with/
The top female records will all be taken over by shemales
Oh my
lol there was a comedian that had a bit about that but i cant remember who (yeah we watch a lot of stand up comedy)
was it bill burr?
I love Bill Burr
Was just going to ask you 
What comedians do you watch?
lol
mommy issues
reddit is never endingly entertaining
lol any fem to M can compete without restriction....because they don't stand a chance
tom segura, bill burr, louis ck <3, jim jefferies, george carlin, robin williams, bill hicks
a few others
How much testosterone do High T women have?
does anyone know?
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7yruj
Win
11:05 AM <bromance9> roissy says women are xenophilic <--- I haven't read as much about female xenophilia, but it's certainly true societies tend to be much more accepting of women
so it makes it *easier* for them to be xenophilic
the two are related fiat
its cause women are less threatening
yes susandeath
but theyre more threatening to other women
" Almost every bully I knew growing up was poor white trash. The stereotype of the jocks being the bullies was less true, because picking on nerds was probably way less fun than banging cheerleaders."
Hahaha
Wait trump selected palin as a running mate?
none of those responses are about manslaughter
im confused
i thought only she would serve in his cabinet, drok
no but i cant imagine that having men compete against women would be an equal playing field
did he bumper her up
happywifelife
yes
askreddit should be called the extro show
lol
people just use the questions as a chance to blather on about themselves
to some minor degree yes, bromance9 , but they have stronger in group preference, and it's not as threatening in an obvious way.  I think Part of the reason so many europeans are *more* fearful of muslim immigration has to do with the fact that they're mostly men
maybe i should add my almost murdered by slapping a guy in the tits story
something like 3/4ths of them being men
im bored and need some attention
that makes sense fiat
yeah happywifelife you should
I will upvote
lol
I want to know about you slapping a guy in the tits
Oh ok
!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPxpbWdfirE
lol
i found it
i never did lol, that was a south park episode
i'll slap your titties
oh
Yes haha that's a great bit
hehehe
happywifelife++
have the karma from J
Women will get bowled over in everything
lol
he loves south park
my hubs is always saying that to me
Running, jumping, good luck guarding 'her' if it's basketball
"i'll slap your fucking titties"
weight lifting
heheh
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7ztn0
hahaha it will just become a circus
lol
Awesome!!!!
Awesome, little_red_
i still dont thinka  woman with high t will compare to a man with the lowest t but i have no science to back it up
I miss George Carlin so much, heh
but i dont care about sports lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7rccn
Holy crap :(
You should consider some of Chris Rock
Finally with the boys yay
wow
ive seen some of his bits. i also liek mike birbiglia and mitch hedberg but my two favs will still be bill burr and louis ck
and jim jeffries (3)
I miss Mitch Hedberg too, haha
That's terrible
Poor man omg
SerNemesis: wow
there are a few other comedians where ive heard a few of their bits on pandora comedy radio that i like but just dont know em well enough to recall their naems
lesson: never wear a scarf
I typically only check the left side for traffic pedestrians etc.
Lol I love watching men parent
This one is funny: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7r5t8
SerNemesis: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7r5t8
This one
Cool.
Crap
Same one
Hahahah
"If you don't grow up you'll go out in the world and people will laugh at you!!"
Lol
That one is funny
You'd never tell a girl that
I agree little_red_ 
I was just wondering what levels high T women DO have
I figure they had to have a reason for picking the level they did (or so I would assume)
SerNemesis: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7jyyu
Accidental???
Haha Occam sent this to me
http://i.imgur.com/lFOs47y.png
That's second degree my friend.
hah
thats perfect
i gagged over that one on FB, all myy women family were like !!!! see!!!!
yep
whats that coming out of her ass
is that a prize?
hahaah
man
that thread is raw
lol phantom!
how is occam doing
Lol
Yeah, all the free medals and awards given on the path to the finish line
Lol at lefties who call people right wing as an insult 
i want to get a makeup organizer because my vanity is becoming overwhelmed but i cant justify paying $100 for an acrylic organizer :/
https://www.etsy.com/listing/250785874/luxe-spinning-lipstick-blush-tower?ref=shop_home_active_18
He's doing really well, thanks for asking! I'm getting back into working out and last night I decided I wanted to try some belly dancing routines....I have no rhythm at all, and I was a disaster. But Occam thought it was entertaining. He'd look up from reading and I was bumbling around. It was bad. I never had a problem learning footwork and patterns for
sports - but shaking my hip a certain way doesn't lead to scoring a point in a game...so I think that's part of why I'm so bad. 
That plastic thing is $143???
... are they on drugs?
I'm taking a belly dancing class that starts in February!
I hope you have better luck than me kittenkajira 
I think I just need to find a better intro video 
(crosses fingers)
Lefty is an insult too then
That is cute, PhantomDream
yep
ok i know this isnt ppd, but im curious what rpw think of this https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4274w3/discussion_analysis_of_a_top_trp_post/
and as a side, do you rpw every get tired of explaining this over and over
Thanks katsumii_ I'm not seductive or alluring at all, so I SWEAR by the "stretch and work out in front of H/SO" method
its a lot of reading and a few comments so far
how fun phantom!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K62qZ2hGyw  This one had some nice basics PhantomDream 
11:30:35 <+protopill> SerNemesis: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7jyyu
Damn
Thanks kittenkajira! I'll take a look
Last night I was stretching after working out, and J said I should do that naked next time.  :D
lol oh yes phantom any time im trying to stretch/bent over i can hardy finish my routine. not a complaint though!
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7t5s7
Shouldn't there be a way for him to get her license suspended?
Reading it now, happywifelife
get rid of her
she's a leech and shitty partner
My initial thought is that it's a ridiculous request, at the very least ridiculously phrased on her part, and from wrong motives, IMO
why do ppeople need to talk ovver and over about how its wrong to trade sex for money as a wife, to hold hostage physical love
This is a much better video thank you kittenkajira . It's weird because hip isolation moves and tilts are concepts I use all the time in my pilates and ab workouts - but as soon as I'm just trying to do it for dancing...it's a different story. This woman explains the bent to straight knee with hip lift combo much more clearly
it's really that horrible that the most upvoted comments are "next" and you are "lucky"
?
I just realized she has a whole series http://www.howcast.com/guides/444-belly-dancing-101/
wow that link happy!
it doesnt help the way he approached the topic with his feelings if she was already looking down on him but egads
^ why are people so stubborn and moronic
yeah i was almost killed a couple of times by people who seemed to be falling asleep at wheel
kind of glad sometimes that i ride a shuttle now
because no matter how careful you are, if you drive a lot, it increases chances of being in an accident
well there is that
I am reading the OP of this PPD thread, now. I'm thinking he missed the point of the story from TRP
that too lol
this ppd post is the exact definitioon of mental masturbation
ugh
Fiat that's why you drive heavy cars
So I can smash priuses
yeah that guy is in a relationship with a woman who doesnt respect him and doesnt find him sexually attractive
its just over
i can see why he expressed his feelings
he was crushed
sure you might be able to salvage it but if the woman is withholding sex because of his financial status i sure wouldnt be interested in doing so
whats there to salvage
enslaving yourself to a pussy you dont even get to have...
no i agree happy im just saying from her point of view she was already looking down on him, he expressed that his feelers were hurted and that probably just pushed her away even more
sorry
yeah im sure it did
im not saying that any of it is right just what it seems went down
she already doesnt care about his feelings,
I think if I did that with my BF, he'd put me in my place / "make a quip" about my behavior
what a pain in the ass, hurting a man that loves you and then having to hear him say it
blech just reading energyvolleys breakdown of the whole thing is nauseating
i cant go to ppd
oh id be put in my place
 blech
on the curb
with the trash
Yeah.
man protopill
so mean
and probably a bloody face
no way my boyfriend would tolerate that 
lol are you even joking? A would look me blankly in the face and walk the fuck out and houdini
i would never hear from him again
ever
with the amount ive saved on my prius in terms of gas and insurance, i can afford another car
i got to give the dog a bath
on toll fees, gas, insurance; the gov't really pushes hybrid/electric vehicles in cali
later
Later, happywifelife :)
But can you afford another life?
When I smash it with my big car
have fun lol
:)
i cant imagine thinking something like that is appropriate to say anyway 
its not, amelia
lol
his wife is a scumbag
she must be horrible 
hehe, well i ride in a shuttle anyway for the commute. honestly enjoy just sleeping on the shuttle.
if i were to get another car, i'm considering a tesla or something
bare min it can be as low as 75k or something
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7krok
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cfi4c9TuFvk
Lol my favorite video
11:52:43 <+fiat> ^ why are people so stubborn and moronic
Ikr
Smart car explosion
one last thought
I have an thought
You want to be stupid and get yourself killed go ahead but don't endanger other peoppe
well I'm glad what I asked got derailed because jfc these new can of worms
"Regarding my friend in college, well, she slept with almost the entire football team during our sophomore year, as well as earned herself a reputation on frat row. I guess I vicariously lived through her exploits. She was trashy, had a few STDs, abortions, and miscarriages. On various psyche meds, bipolar, plus she was a ghetto white girl who loved black guys."
I has idea
"With that said, according to my friend anal was almost always expected. But that could have been a function of her reputation, I don't know."
is briffault's law and nice guy entitlement the same? Do feminists spout briffault's law?
did you see this?
when women use sex against men, its courageous.  When men assert power with sex 
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/3zyfkp/update_if_you_made_more_money_we_would_have_more/
its rape
" When i first started reading redpill I was like where the fuck did they get these absurd caricatures of women. I believed they did not exist."
"I don't think 'next' is the correct answer. "
wat
oh lawd
nm
he deserves whats coming
bath time
bardolatta: lol the only word I saw was bipolar
And I didn't need to read further
LOL
"Think about this, I break up with my Fiance, then what happens? Unless I improve myself, raise my SMV, perform better, I will either a) settle for someone below my SMV or b) have the same thing happen to me again."
her pussy must be spun of thin gold
fuck
i just wasted a half hour
is this guy even real 
"But mark my words, I do have my limits and my line in the sand"
whatever you say
12:01:35 <+protopill> https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cfi4c9TuFvk
DavidHasselhof: I kinda forgot that what is biffaults again?
"This year I start a new job with an attractive Asian-American female, 22 years old. When I first saw her picture I thought she would be some sweet, shy Asian girl. One of the first things she said to me is how she only fucks white guys. "
That looks like it did what it was supposed to do
this braod just told you she wont have sex with you until you make more money
and youre ok with that
Front of the car crumpled
there is no line and no sand
"Eventually it comes out that she has fucked 7 guys, had sex 8 times. As in only one went from ONS to FWB territory but never had a bf. Cool, whatever. But I do think its weird that she had to preempt revealing this by saying its sluttier to have had sex with one's bf 1000 times over fucking 7 guys. "
my mind is melting
And cabin was well protectes
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4247kt/how_frequently_do_men_aggressively_pester_their/cz84up8
That your previous providings don't ensure that she stays if you stop providing 
Past benefit doesn't entitle you to a future reward
Lol bardolatta
Typical
Race traitor sloot
at least trp is being real with him, which is a surprise to no one, but i doubt hell listen since he ignored the previous comments
Nah SerNemesis , one day she'll learn the error of her ways and then a nice beta asian dude will forgive her
another one of his posts was removed so im hoping its a troll?
ok, I was wrong guys: porn ruined sex, mostly for alpha chasers and lower class women
"Class definitely seems to play a role in this. The guys I know who do insist on having anal are exclusively lower class guys. My friends aren't into anal, but even if they were, they wouldn't pester their gfs. Three of them have been persuaded to try anal by their girlfriends though."
it's all very christian.
*hangs in head shame*
im thinking it is 
you ask for forgiveness at the last second and if you really really mean it, all is forgiven
12:05 PM <DavidHasselhof> Past benefit doesn't entitle you to a future reward
In other words can't hang on your laurels right?
yes, applied to relationships
Now I remember thanks.
12:06:59 <+fiat> Nah SerNemesis , one day she'll learn the error of her ways and then a nice beta asian dude will forgive her
Yup
I remember also somewhat disagreeing with that
Of course a woman will stay some time because of pair bonding, shared experiences, obligations, sunken cost fallacy and hoping that everything gets better
meh https://www.reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/3a9tof/me_27m_fiance_26f_sex_lacking/ a committed troll if it is
yeesh
fl buddy
gl*
Craving some white cider right now 
Hey protopill when are you visiting the bay area?
but if she is unhappy with you, having been better in the past won't make her happy or attracted to you
"Nah we haven't discussed it in any real depth. I love her though, I can probably live okay like that and just fantasize / wank every night =/"
0,0
i just saw that! his post history is a mess
SerNemesis: probably not for a long time lol.
I don't go up there
Not even to meet up with your bro sernemesis?
Lol
Yes that's all true DavidHasselhof
12:07:26 <+fiat> you ask for forgiveness at the last second and if you really really mean it, all is forgiven
Yup
Protopill what do you think about the story of the prodigal son?
what i don't like is how that kind of thing benefits people who don't have consistency or rational sort of integrity
the type of people who change because they are forced to
whatever situation they got themselves into makes them feel bad
Yeah fiat
i understand the morals and reasoning behind the prodigcal son and actually respect it in a way
SerNemesis: what do I think of it in what context?
but really, the prodigal son had to wait until he was broke
to learn anything
Like the religious context?
no real integrity. his chance is almost entirely externally controlled/driven
*change
Or as it pertains to fiats Asian thing?
Like the ethical context
Yeah
12:14 PM <fiat> but really, the prodigal son had to wait until he was broke 12:14 PM <fiat> to learn anything
This is actually the moral of the story to me
Most people focus on the "he was lost but now he's found"
Part
But what it shows is that it takes pain and adversity
I focus on the he got to have his cake and eat it too part
To really actualize
And how unfair it was to the older brother
Eh it's not unfair
except SerNe
I think the fathers statement is right
i agree protopill. it just seems rather unfortunate that we don't encourage people to learn/improve before that
the older brother still gets all the inheritance
well i actually don't care about the older brother tbh
the younger one doesnt get his inheritance back
Fiat I don't know if we can
To be honest
dude needs to just focus on himself and learn to let go, but i do wonder about the kind of message the younger brother sends
and why we can't improve on that message
I don't think you can encourage people without experiencing adversity
In whatever form
If life is too easy then how do you improve
You become *cringe* Elliot Roger
And if it's too tough
You never can get up
yep
that's a problem and inefficient
people with advantages, if they didn't slack they'd be going so much further
But they slack because they aren't pushed
And the ones that push that have nothing still fail
In reality the Goldilocks zone
Is I between
12:16:42 <+susandeath> the older brother still gets all the inheritance
The younger brother gotbhis inheritance too and now s still being taken care of
Adversity with some netting below
yeh but Sernem
Is how I think of the ideal
for the rest of his life
he has to live off his dad and brother
brother is lord of the manor
teh older brother
in any case, i don't think the prodigal son is related enough to bardolatta's comment. The asian girl he was talking about was just showing a preference. it's not an actual sin.
Pffft
Race traitoring is most definitely a sin
the fact that it gets treated as a sin is why some beta guys think it's just forgiven
aw my poor old doggy
no, treat it as a natural preference, and i don't think preferences are something that change like that
and they don't have to be "forgiven"
how he loves to be greassy and hates to be soapy
I mean really the story is just about the no limits of God's mercy
That's really it simply
The rest is just interpretation
yep
That is what is dislike protopil
and now is enjoying rolling in dead stuff because yuck soap is gross
Protopill
Fuck mercy
right, but if we look at it as a natural preference, as it IS, then i'd just say she's being dishonest
if her preferences supposedly change later
when she's looking for a beta to nab
Right fiat
That's why we all fall short
It doesn't work for humans
People deserve punishment for major sins
Because we don't behave that way
We don't have boundless mercy
Not mercy
lol
Right humans aren't idiots like god
boundless mercy?
lol
i want a dog SO bad that ive had to actively restrain myself from asking A about it any more
hmm i don't have that impulse to punish as much. 
he is usually pretty decisive so i know 'no' means no but he gave me a 'maybe, ill think about it'
not sure if it's mercy, i just don't feel the impulse to punish
I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH THAT. I NEVER GET MAYBES. WHAT IS THIS.
12:23 PM <SerNemesis> Right humans aren't idiots like god
Lol
so i just wait anxiously looking at all these homeless puppies on craigslist, yearning lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7s2fw
that's not mercy
awww
I feel bad about punishing fiat
But it has to be done
i dont' feel bad about punishing either
i think i'm actually pretty ruthless
we didnt actually want this dog, we have an old guy already and just lost two other old dogs the last two years
That op
Jesus christ
that Chinese ruthlessness coming through
They killed a kid and now he is missing
our "neighbors" abandoned him in below zero conditions with no liquid water
and no cover from the weather
if some guy seems intractible and hopeless
he would have died the very night we took hi
m
like he obv won't stop killing others
then just put him down. it's just what's practical
i called that bitch and told her to stop crying around town about her poor stolen dog that she's frantic and sick over
she never called back
cray
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz7naok
he's great though
old chocolate lab
grunter and a lover
such a waste
I'm big on the preventative value of punitive justice
Same reason I think fat shaming actually works
AW thats terrible happy
night all
have a good onw
:( people have to go through all this paperwork and trial and tribulation to adpot kids but can just nab whatever animal they want
if it were up to me wed have a house with a huge yard and a bazillion rescued dogs but A is the voice of reason lol
Night susandeath
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/424f2p/to_those_who_have_accidentally_killed_someone/cz82u1c
later susandeath 
i remember certain religious debates about over legalism and ritualism
i actually consider ritualism to be more effective in generating positive behaviours
i don't deny the value of punitive justice, ofc
aaww lol
im a criminal 
i know
3:25 PM <+SerNemesis> I feel bad about punishing fiat
3:25 PM <+SerNemesis> But it has to be done
what did fiat do?
idont give a fuck lol
I'm all about this bandwagon
PUNISH FIAT
i did the right thing
PUNISH FIAT
now he is warm and doesnt have to chew his water and i can sing stupid songs to him all day and he can play with my grandbaby
Haha, I have pet-collecting problems.  I've had all kinds of pets and loved most of them, hated some of them.
I think I've calmed down now.  I just can't go to pounds or the things in the pet stores where they have the poor little animals
12:32:35 <+fiat> i actually consider ritualism to be more effective in generating positive behaviours
i think it is two pronged
carrot and stick
I want to punish fiat
ritual works very well for 90% of people
let's punish him ritually
are we punishing someone?
but the other 10% are rotten and if you don't punish them their rot spreads to others and destroys everything
should I grab the kinksters?
there bound to be somewhere
judaism is ritualism and legalism
http://i.imgur.com/N3JL5zW.jpg  How could anyone resist that?
what it doesn treally concentrate on is faith
im not sur eyou even have to beleive in god
right
you have to follow the rules and do the things
yup
actions matter, not the feefees
awwww ya thats why i have to stay off cragislist
im forever "BAAAABEE LOOK AT IT!!"
no bueno
.context
witzie youd really like the film little big man i think
with dustin hoffman
whats that about
its kind of a revisionist western
with lots of indian love
an dhumor
an dsadness
dustin hoffman is a white boy raise dby the sioux who keeps going back and forth
between the white world and indian
"the oldest survivor of custers last stand"
feefees don't matter as much to US, SerNemesis, but they matter to most people that's why I was may agree with you as an intro but disagree as an extro with extro considerations
when you talk about punishing race traitor whores most people won't empathize with you because they see themselves in the shoes of a sinner
because everyone makes mistakes
the thing that people are more likely to empathize with are current concerns like
concerns about a genuine love marriage
which is popular among millenials
you say that you don't believe that a woman would change preferences after specifically avoiding people like you
then one day having a change of heart only after being "forced to"
and people are likely to side with you because their pathos puts them on the side of the genuine love marriage
you skip out on the nasty unforgivable sin problem which most people won't side with
My stupid 10 pound dog keeps getting into the massive bag of packing peanuts and eating them.  Grrr
sorry if that
doesn't make sense I am on iPhone and it's a pain to type
uh oh, does she puke afterwards? 
oh it makes sense
but the whole nasty unforgivable sin problem needs to be resolved independently of this
freedom from consequences is in vogue these days
and it will only lead to problems down the road
as bad behavior starts getting normalized
little big man
*AtlasB 
i think i've watched that
he got a bunch of wives didn't he?
hes raise dby the sioux
yeh
he got 3 indian wives
No.  I've been catching her pretty early on.
for a bit
yeah
three sisters
race traitor whores
Is anyone here snowed in? 
and a white wife
I need to get some dog bones, I think they're bored
lol kitten
they were supposed to be monogamous but his wife wanted him to marry her sisters
in centennial pasquinel has wives all up and down the river from canada to louisiana
yeh
I am Jack4ss 
Good 
This dog has been good practice for kids.  She gets into do many things!  I've had to dog-proof quite a few things
oh yeah i remember the reverend's wife in that one
she wanted some prime age
How bad witzie? 
Trash, litter box, laundry, any sort of small stuffed object will be annihilated
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/TdA91bsH/IMG_4130.JPG
cars stuck on the road in front of my apt building
Trump is to blame 
Jack4ss++
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/ajvPtDCs/DSCN0063.JPG
^ The face of evil
hahahaha!!
That, by the way, is the 10 pound dog on the massive bed that's meant for the greyhound.
how are greyhounds? what activity level are they throughout the day? 
We only got less than an inch of snow. I'm disappointed.
haha aw shes cute and those eyes!
im more of a big dog person though
I think she'll be the last little dog I have.  They are too aggressive!
Greyhounds are great, they're like big cats.  Puppy greyhounds can be a real handful, though.  We got ours when she was 4.5 years old - she's a rescue racing dog
AZombieNemesis
Adult greyhounds are couch potatoes.  They just follow you from room-to-room and lay somewhere.
yes kitten i always LOL when people are liek "arrgggh no huskies or shepherds because aggression arrrgh"
im like... have you ever met a bitty little weasel dog? they are angry af
SunDeath
Lol
Lol
Witzlas
WitzlasB
It's so much easier to train the bigger dogs.  People let the little dogs get away with things you'd never let a big dog get away with - like stomping all over your feet and jumping in your lap.
Happybromance
Loool
my family has had a medium dog and a large dog, both of which had MUCH better temperments than the min pin we got
drok needs to be taken down a notch 
I just realized he's operator in every single channel in his whois
he was an angsty lil fker
and theres a lot of channels
For real!  My mom likes Chihuahuas, but never does any training.  They end up fat and mean.
and he thought he was a full sized doberman. he drew blood on my dad and brother
Oh witzie, I luv ur waaay
Everyday
Yeah yeah
we'd like our next dog to be a low energy dog. our bullboxer is super active and too demanding for our tastes. 
(I'm bored at work)
I believe it!  My little dog is suspected to be a min pin and dachshund mix.  
youd smack his butt for peeing on the curtains or something (none of our other animals ever did this) and hed turn around and snarl and bite and 
ugh
just wanted to punt him across the room
lol
lolllol punt him!
LandBeforeThyme: This tool helped us pick a greyhound http://www.animalplanet.com/breed-selector/dog-breeds.html
kittenkajira what's a good age to adopt a rescue greyhound then? 
How did he manage to get operator in marries redpill
Most of them are 1-3 years old.  It's more rare to find puppies.  Ours was raced for an unheard of amount of time - over 500 races!  So it's unusual to get one that's 5 years old.  They have a better lifespan than most bigger dogs
He's not operator of greenpillchat so suck it
whoah
look whos ops in #greenpillchat
2-3 years old is probably best
Lol, the real one is snoonet
That's a hollow knock off
shhhh
is anyone still on the snoonet one?
poor race doggins :<
As a server? Yes, everyone's on snoonet
oic. i took the quiz and got basset hound, ha!
no, in the snoonet gpc
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/isF3lcfd/DSCN4748.JPG
I don't know much about basset hounds!
Fuschia and Pandora used to hang out there
:( i got collie. taht was our first pup
i could never get another one lol
And talk about you guys
I had a puppy dachshund once.  The potty training was tough!
Whats greenpill
A subreddits I made a long time ago
i get so sad when i see people rehoming adult animals. i get that sometimes its unavoidable but for the most part i think people just dont care :/
little_red_ i see it a lot with elderly who pass away. i think that's really tough
i can understand that but then i see CL posts like "oh i just dont have time for him anymor" "we are moving to a new place that doesnt allow pets"
idk i just dont think those are viable reasons but i also understand there are different people out there that may not think of pets as family
don't have time - i don't get that. doggie daycare is readily available nearly everywhere. 
oh its that why youre home?
you got snow?>?
its ocmin here
i just put my roast chicken in too late it wont be done for 2.5 3 hours
i thnk people just mostly dont want to have to be bothered with taking care of an animal anymore
imo most people just lack commitment be it relationships, hobbies, good habits
just easier to give up and let someone else deal
 /whois drok
oh shit
I could never give away a pet
I have the dumbest cat in the world, and she drives me crazy sometimes. But I will keep her until she kicks the bucket. 
I agree little_red_ 
commitment sounds nice in theory
mhm
but sticking to anything long term isn't something people are prepared for
just want commitment on their terms, on their schedule
yeah
so much of life boils down to discipline. what you do day in and day out. 
it explains everything from divorce, to obesity 
lol energyvolley's post. he gets the weekly worst bper of the week award. i wonder who the worst rper is
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4274w3/discussion_analysis_of_a_top_trp_post/
absolutely my line of thinking phantom
its sad really how pervasive just giving up has become
Older generations look at kids and young adults today with horror
we experience more freedom and luxuries as a population than ever before in history
and we have the loudest whiners ever to go along with that
how dare you say taht phantom
i am offended
Too bad
hahaha
:0)
you cannot offend me i have a right to feelings i am being opressed by your opinoin
I'm the same way. Compared to my dad? I'm a lazy slacker 
i know i am reminded by my father if i complain about "hardships"
hes literally busted out laughing at a complaint of mine
My parents are of the first of the slacker generation(s) ; my grandparents are of the era of hard workers (and their parents, and theirs, etc.)
He retired from his job, and started a business. He renovates the house and is always doing things. His idea of a 'break' is going for long hikes
but i mean he grew up so penniless he wished he was poor
so its hard to compare my trials to his lol
he is the worst
ooh she responded: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/425fsm/my_31f_husband_32m_name_calls_at_our_son_1m_and/cz7yp5t?context=3
ha phantom my dad does the same thing now
My grandma raised me and constantly I wonder if her mom spoiled her the same way this woman did me
little_red_ I know what you mean. My dad feels lazy compared to his dad. Over 90 years old, still golfing, active in his community, plays bridge, rotary, goes for walks etc
My dad absolutely feels lazy compared to his, too
sharp as a whip
I wish I had that kind of discipline. I'm not horrible, but I know I could always be doing more
That still, fiat?
What's your opinion of the thread in PPD?
im snowed in, down to my last pot noodle
send help
i think a lot of us feel that way, at least i know i do. even when i have all my chores done and have ahad a successful week, i can be playing video games with A thinking "man i could really be learning a new language or something right now"
but nope. world of warcraft.
Architect, that was YOU who made the greenpill subreddit!
Hahaha
Nevermind, I'm thinkign of Greenpillchat.
it's always easier to do menial tasks in games
what is the greenpill, and how can i obtain it
grinding through levels and collecting resources etc
lol of course!
but i figure its time spent with A doing a silly leisurely activity so i wont knock it
I'm playing Life Is Strange right now, it's interesting (lovely visuals, nice music, atmospheric - but I HATE a lot of the characters and some of the story)
lol
IDK, an alternate
Or just a non-pill
hate like joffrey in got hate or like, poorly written character development?
it's one of those "choice and consequence" story games that have gained popularity recently
Oh, the characters have a surprising level of depth and complexity
I couldn't answer it correctly, this is what I joined a year ago to be a part of laid-back non-debate: https://www.reddit.com/r/GreenPillChat/
ill have to look in to it!
there's just this woman that's entitled and perpetual c*nt/victim 
ive been wanting to play talos principle but didnt want to shell out $60 lol
lol phantom
You get to 'rewind' and manipulate time which is an unusual facet of gameplay and I love exploring and reading up on details etc
If you get into it little_red_ please let me know
I'd love to go over things with you
sure thing! yay :)
and compare choices
A and i need to pick borderlands back up
and he wants to get back in to diablo too
!!!!!!!!
debate of how horrible i am
lol
katsumii_: i think it's mostly nonsense sprinkled with a bit of hypocrisy. he claims to be bper, uses an rp lens to criticize OP about whining and beta
and then misinterprets some responses the OP got
Greenpillchat and gp are different katsumii_ 
not a huge deal but it was a long post with little value
We listen to Art Bell and play Diablo, but Mr. Bell recently re-retired and is no longer doing 'Midnight in the desert' - I'm hoping he comes back, but for now there's another service that plays previous shows back when he did Coast to Coast
i never understood this
https://www.reddit.com/r/GreenPillChat/comments/343obe/rpurplepilldebate_bans_upandorarosie_for_calling/
and play DIII
why did pandora react liek that
i wasnt banned
Greenpill I'd a sub for social scientists to discuss pill culture and study it I think
i wasnt "hiding"
A new expansion just came out recently I think
Study the people who go into it
youre allowed to have mor ethan one username
Oops, yeah, I was mistaken sorry, Architect
yeah thats why he wants to get back in to it
what washe r big deal?
he messed around with it a bit the other day
Have you play GOW (God of War)?
no but ive seen lots about it
OMG it's square enix?  And only $20! 
There's a new one coming out that I'm REALLY excited about
LIS? 
Yeah
lol
That's hilarious, fiat. the hypocrisy of it. IMO.
It's really interesting
ahhh i have to run, tiem to get out of the office but i will be back on when i get home. :) bbl ladies!
I am dying for the next Walking Dead chapter
Later little_red_ !
I rotate between WoW and Final Fantasy
I never could get into Final Fantasy (heresy, I know haha) 
Occam really likes...Dysgaea disgea? I can't spell it - super menu game
Haha.  It's a tough one to figure out at first
I think they just hate u atlasb
lol i "threatened to rap eand kill" a ppd poster
um no
what i said was that she was th etype of girl my usband and i wouldnt even have a threesome with befor ekilling
i didnt threaten anythiong
I just requested to join r/greenpill o.o;
I should too
I wanna know what's they say
no i said we wouldnt even rape he rbefore killing her
its interesting
the fact that she found that joke threatening
is what made it into a threat
there was no threat
reading it made her feel scared
http://www.upworthy.com/a-short-comic-gives-the-simplest-most-perfect-explanation-of-privilege-ive-ever-seen?c=ufb1
A post by a whitey girl
>Clicking an upworthy link.
Whats upworthy
Some clickbait farm.
I just had the token anarchofeminovegan post it
Ok , I clicked.
Fun, that is class privilege.
all lefty feminist "cartoon" feature fat ugly people
why do they communicate incartoons
i dont understan
are they talking to children?
how dare you AtlasB
I think they think they are artistic and deep
yeah lol
when they post those images, of like quotations with a fancy background
and they just copy paste it everywhere
Or have low attention spans and cant read books
LOL, Jack4ss. Who? just people on the internet in general?
No
>Not communicating in cartoons http://i.imgur.com/D1nMshw.png
Katsumii_ not in the moood for you
Lefty cartoonists
I meant the quotations with a fancy background. It's something I see a lot of, too.
lol
Nevermind
yeah its silly isnt it
It is
I think:its buzzfeeds and jezebels fault
14:01:25 <@AtlasB> what i said was that she was th etype of girl my usband and i wouldnt even have a threesome with befor ekilling
Jezebel ...shudder
Honestly that sounds like a veiled threat
it does?
youre the typ eof personid like to slap
Like a threat phrased so as to maintain deniability
is that a threat to slap?
Thevanarchofeminnovegan reads jezebel too
No ser
It isnt
youre the type of peron people want to kill
Just puny millenishits
is that a threat to kill?
Nope
At the very least it is a personal attack
they felt threatened because theyre emotional reaction was fear
and if you feel fear
yes
its a personal attack
definitely
but its not a threat
the fact that it caused her to feel fear
Did it?
made her frame it as a threat
thats my analysis
I wouldn't feel fear even if someone outright threatened me
ar eyou a bp girl?
I just consider a threat to be a personal attack that mentions violence
well this is how women operate
Not one that I actually expect to be carried out
it's not technically a threat. But I don't think technicalities matter to certain groups
it's more imagery/tone, etc
if someones words
make them feel feeling
they go on the feelings not the words
reading those words triggered an amygdala reaction
https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/v/t1.0-9/525755_449682725077730_995135595_n.jpg?oh=e998b358b50790150b082d6700421d1a&oe=5733D5A8
so i MUST have threatened her
right?
i don't consider them a threat either AtlasB , and i see why you wouldn't either. You have lawyer mind. it comes naturally. we're both technically minded
"You're the type of person I and my husband would kill" is also a lot more personal than "you're the type of person people like to kill"
but i can see how some people feel threatened just by certain words
I buy my anime waifu figurines if I want.
im explaining why she felt threatened
yeah.
she had an amygdala attack reading it
ergo it was a threat
Jack4ss: what do they have against adopting female children?
 At least that comic isn't garbage FirionDarklight. It has animation and talks about ACTUAL privilege
Are we only allowed to buy boys?
A threat is rarely ever direct.
i dont know SerN but it looks good for their image 
wait what is that image about, Jack4ss 
are they just taking a stance against sex slavery?
prostitution?
Yeah lonny_z
Sex dolls?
was on the consent is sexy campaign, which im very passionate about
E.g. "I'd watch what you say to me if I were you; don't want to get hurt" isn't actually explicitly threatening anything
But the meaning is obvious
Once in:avwhile wr get something that is ok
Real men dony buy girls
wwhat comic are we talking about
Remind me to go to the red light house when i have money
http://www.upworthy.com/a-short-comic-gives-the-simplest-most-perfect-explanation-of-privilege-ive-ever-seen?c=ufb1
This one
Attention white sloots of trp https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/427s0b/men_vs_women_when_it_comes_to_having_a_racial/.
"To white girls and girls in general, a race is unattractive because Hollywood, media, and stereotypes (fueled by actual prejudice) say that race is unattractive. So some black guy who has bad credit and a felony on his record is far more attractive to your typical white girl (in the USA at least) than some Asian guy with a phD and a six figure salary. Why?
Because Hollywood told her that the black guy is more attractive so she has to date him."
You have no agency. You are compelled to gobble black dick because Hollywood tells you.
http://www.lesc.net/blog/what-threat
Lol this guy is sooo silly.
thanks FirionDarklight
Lonny_Z: look out for that white pussy my man
It is about that black felon being a high T Fuck Monster and that asian guy being a twerp
It can't resist you
Hollywood tells her to
http://bloggerblaster.blogspot.gr/2016/01/the-minas-tirith-times.html?m=1
Lol
Saw on RP https://privilegegrant.com/
Hollywood doesn't influence racial preferences at all
its true to a small extent
Oh my this is getting absolutely delicious
there are some basic white bitches with black dick fetishes
"The reason white women can get away with being racist is because no one wants to see them going interracial with "foreign" races like Asians and especially Indians/Pakistanis in the first place, minorities in general for that matter (at least that is how it is like in the USA). White men, whether they are liberal or conservative (red pill or blue pill),
absolutely hate the idea of that cute blonde mixing it up with a minority for obvious reasons."
like its superior dick or some shit
The preferences were already there
LOL
preferences are strongly affected by stereotypes and media
Media is influenced by real life
There is the sassy mad black woman
Because there are lots of them
I can feel the butt hurt.
it's a decent comic. Animated
In this thread
Come to the dark side
Yessss yessss
Well, that's funny
Let the hate flow through you
Not even gonna watch that female Ghostbusters
the real privilege is having smart parents; i went through literally everything Paula in that comic did
lol
i've been saying it for years but class, not race, are what really separate people in first world countries. 
They are gonna have that horrific black woman be sassy and irate
But SJWs will eat it up
the main diff being that even if most of my teachers didn't teach me shit i had reading materials i could get for myself and my parents never set low xpectations for me
"White American women see no benefit to their status or life by dating a guy from a minority group that Hollywood has unflattering stereotypes towards. So your typical hot blonde can say "all Asian men are small" or "all Indian men are dirty barbaric animals", doesn't matter, women of color will clap while white guys of all political leanings (red pill or
blue pill) will pat her on the back and applaud her as the sacred unicorn they always wanted."
Hahahahaha
Only a black sjw might have a problem with it
I think a threat has to involve modicum of ability to carry it out
"all Indian men are dirty barbaric animals" <- tbh if hollywood did that it would be pretty cool
i applied and got a fellowship through the city library system. you had to come from a 'diverse' background. i thought, hey, both my folks are immigrants, that's pretty unusual
The pills unite!!
Ok let me read this post protopill !
Lonny_Z: it's fun
Goodnight
everyone selected was born UMC and nonwhite. most homogeous group of people ever.
Apparently all men unite under the banner of cheering the white woman on
I'm playing through FF4 again on my Nintendo DS.
I've told ppl online I'd cut their faces off, wear them as a mask and dance around them imitating them before they does 
Died*
LOL
Is that a threat?
Lol
Yes
Because jewish cabal
Duh
Also, Life is Strange was awesome. Fuck, I go out for lunch and miss all the video game talk
If SuperBitch86 tells rainbows58654 that in a yahoo chatroom
You can obviously carry this out with your network
The best comment so far : "All I have to say is I applaud the WASPs for brilliantly creating a society where white men are free to date and fuck whoever the hell they want while if a guy of a minority group decides to experiment with cute white girls, even women of his own race violently attack him for it because of how American society has molded their
beliefs."
The butt hurt is stratospheric
Race losers are gonna be butthurt
About the race winners
What are WASPs
White
Anglo
Saxon
I asked J about that game and he said he's been meaning to show it to me!  I might wait until the next steam sale
Protestant
Oh
Essentially everyone in LA
Everything i am not
Just white people
Beides W
Woo
It's a derogatory term that minorities usually use
"even women of his own race violently attack him for it because of how American society has molded their beliefs" <-- haha why you give a fuck what those women think
To identify white privilege
Are they wasps in la?
It feels great
even when i was a bloopy teen i knew i'd never satisfy everyone
Minority tears
AtlasB: sure like in the valley there's tons
By the truck load
Valley girls
You know
I only watched let's plays.
White big tittied bimbos with blonde hair and "Christians"
That's what I do with games that interest me, but not enough to spend my limited budget on them.
Before Dawn was a pretty entertaining let's play too. If you like the horror genre.
Or Santa Monica
Same thing
Malibu
Her miss
Hermosa*
Valley girls lol
SerNemesis: you love em don't cha
No but apparently every other Indian guy doea
Does
I more like magic and paranormal
Not so much horror
"Anyway this Asian guy has long since gotten rid of his white wife, think he is pushing 75+ now, he can still out drink and probably out fuck most of the guys here. He has a 24 year old GF who he just had a kid with, child support where I am is not an issue."
Okay come the fuck on
Come on guys!
I don't need FRs that are this fucking fake
Which one of you posted the 75+ old guy that's fucking 24 year olds
why are these guys fetishizing white chicks so much
It was probably SerNemesis
Huh?
"blah blah blah the media indoctinated all the women"
meanwhile they're lusting after whiteys
The comment above SerNemesis
Read that comment that was you wasn't it
Hahaha
like they themselves didnt get their preferences from the media too
That is ridiculous
Old ass geezer
Is banging some white 24 year old prime
Hahahahaha
My sides
he'd get a heart attack trying to bang a 24 year old
rofl this irc is going to get me fired one day
Sexymcsexington right
my first time cackling at work uncontrollably
Fiat it's really funny isn't it
I'm laughing too
I shut my door when I read it
Hey lifterofthings I didn't know you played LIS
I haven't finished it yet
well it was your delivery too
Though for me personally I have nothing against blacks or latinas but blacks or latinas with umc values and intelligence are exceedingly rare
"okay come the fuck on"
"sern was that you? come on"
So as is just whites or asians
I'm on the chapter titled "Darkroom" or something
"old ass geezer"
It is
I didn't. I watched it and read the wiki. Seemed like a really interesting game but it came out at a particularly broke point in my life ;)
And when half the Asians are busy race traitoring
Is that the... fourth one, I think?
I cannot stand blue hair chick simply because she's a constant vic
Yes, fourth chapter
She's just such a teenager. lol.
You gotta figure out how to expand the dating pool so all the Asian guys are competing over the pool of non-race traitor Asian girla
Yeah
I hope there's a way to raise kids so that they aren't victims when they're teens!
Cause that annoys the crap out of me, too
In my experience latinas seem to be the easiest race for Indian guys IRL. But they're just so prole.
just gotta prioritize then. if they're worried about the "love marriage" to attractive primes then perhaps they need to lower the priority of UMC values and intelligence
i think not being a victim / being appreciative goes hand in hand with money management kittenkajira. there's some good literature on raising kids to be self sufficient. 
Right imma prioritize umc values and intelligence over low n
UMC?
humabutt?
hulabutt?
hulabutt?
fiat++
no, Lonny_Z that was all you
Lonny_Z++
The hell is that gif
imma prioritize hulabutt over UMC values, IQ, and low n
Okay I can't tell whether to say that is slutty or freaking cool
Both I guess
She looks like she might be umc
she's a bit chubby
but that's some serious assage
she doesn't look chubby
she looks short
i have the shinigami eyes
Wtf even I don't think she looks chubby
I can tell
short girls sometimes look a bit chubbier in photos.
head also looks a bit bigger
it's a photogenic advantage tall women get (and why they get to model)
Meh, the character's story makes her angstiness kind of understandable
i'm looking at her body and legs
That girl be like 5 1
At best
Holy short stubby legs
It is interesting though fiat cause sometimes people will point to a tall woman and I'll call her fat but others don't see it. I seem to use volume to head size ratio as a rough gauge of fatness.
It must be awesome to be a girl and not care about height
Like guys will marry you at 4 10 or 5 10
Ooh protopill did you see the new primes?
Blowing found them
Bless her heart
Ooo new primes?
.tell protopill usdaprime19
Well shit
They should be no 1 clearly
number 2 lol
2 for 2
i'd submit my danish prime but that'd be really really weird
Lol sms
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/cCvoPUpo/
:)
2:55 PM <protopill> Like guys will marry you at 4 10 or 5 10 <--- yeah and they have better tools for height adjustment
Wait AtlasB 
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/6KgmhR6X/
I wouldn't have thought he was your tyoe
Type
high heels for shorter girls with short legs
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/QiJqYsCh/
or no heels/less heels for taller women
lol AtlasB 
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/rBvF3a2e/
AtlasB: what are those fags doing on irc
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Sz0Yewc5/
why dont you want them on your screen?
:)
Not enough body hair
Lol
SerNemesis: likes em hairy
atlasb++
one of the funnier passive aggressive ways to teach us a lesson
Haha
they just look like gay pornstars
Not like we haven't seen pics of random long haired guys or whatever before
In this chat
Usdaprime5?
Usdaprime7?
Wait no
Usdaprime9?
Duh
Lol
Usdaprime11
Hahahaha
Hahaha
Usdaprime11?
ah yes AtlasB 
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/QiJqYsCh/
Usdaprime13?
3:05 PM <PPDBot> SerNemesis, usdaprime9: 9 is not a prime number
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/QiJqYsCh/
This made me lol
So hard
There she is
That was the one I was looking for
Do all the non primes say that?
That's so funny
Usdaprime4?
Not all
Aw
I need to add it in
That's a hilarious command
I think the bikini pics are best for rustling jimmies
5, 13, and 19
Usdaprime17?
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/QiJqYsCh/
Oh yeah this one was adorable
Freaking nsfw
lol 
its just a hint of weinner neck
AtlasB++
That is the third time y'all have posted the nsfw image without a tag
like cleavage!
such a tasteful hint
or ass cheeks
wiener neck
Cleavage is not nsfw
roflol
wiener neck is not nsfw either
Ass cleavage would be though
shirtless men are standard
lol what did you girls google for this?
Women generally are not nsfw unless nipples are showing
You all know this
"Gay Model"?
But any part of the male pubis is nsfw
Right protopill lol
chainsaw?
NO
ok, the fact that witzie posted the gay guy showing a "hint of weiner neck" and SerNemesis wrote "oh yeah this one was adorable" right after
is unfortunate timing but hilarious
fiat++
That was supposed to be a specific gif
Lol fiat
Lol
hey random thought - since we moved ive been conting to use the little toilet bowl blue tabs that drop in the tank, but since we got to this new place the tabs just dissolve in the bank of the tank to a big blue blob
do you guys knwo what gives?
different water chemistry probably
i just dont know how to fix it lol
they have the ones that go on the inside of the bowl but no blue water
dunno. Try googling? I'm sure other peeps have had the same or similar issues
ya i was just thinking about ti now bc im cleaing the br lol
ah. haha
apparently theyre pretty bad for your toilet!
TIL
no blue toilet anymore then lol
Loloo
Wow is daddario unbeautiful
I realized why a strong jaw is still feminine sometimes 
Its when it's in conjunction with the shorter wider feminine face
Its not that women are manjaws, it's that they have masculine vertical ratios 
Dg69sux?
Yeah
.allterms
The strong jaw can still be fine on a short face
Dg69sux2?
Dg69sux2?
Dg69?
Lol
I really will feminized Daddario in Photoshop one day
AtlasB doing her job perverting our sexuality
Yeah
Yeh trying to make you heterosexual
Oh no
ooooooo
zing
She's cute with neoteny
I mean she's cute no doubt
But she's no great beauty 
3:37 PM <AtlasB> Oh no
3:37 PM <AtlasB> Yeh trying to make you heterosexual
Lol
They're a nice idea-- keep it cleaner. I just never trusted my cats not to drink out of the toilets.
and we keep the lid down 99% of the time, but it's not perfect :p
My h just smacked me on the ass and announced "I like having a woman!"
Saw a young nurse with extremely feminine ratios the other day
But they don't drink when there's stuff in the water, do they? o.o
Such a small neck
:o my cat has NEVER drank out of the toilet until recently. A and i were sitting here andi just perked up and asked what that noise was, we both fell silent until i looked over and saw the little shit drinking from the bowl!
lol
Don't make me all hetero and like that super unattainable girl
Lok
Wow. The cat that's allowed in or bedroom sometimes drinks from our toilet. There's a hallway toilet that belongs to our roommate, no idea if she also drinks from there. 
*in our
But usually she only does it if there's no water in her bowl in the kitchen
I think she was doing it very recently because the water probably got dirty. Maaaybe. Anyway, I cleaned it, and we'll see if it continues while there's still water in her bowl in the kitchen.
Did you cat just discover water in the toilet recently, little_red_? xD
It is really obvious and insane IRL
what a diff it makes
apparently just a few weeks ago unless hes really flown under the radar this long lol
Nurses are cute
Really hypergamous for doctors though from what I've heard
Lol
http://www.breitbart.com/sports/2016/01/22/olympics-allow-transsexuals-to-compete-under-gender-they-identify-with/
Most of the people I sell houses too have been nurses married to first responder a 
Drs don't marry nurses anymore 
If they ever did
who do drs marry?
the drs I know mostly marry drs
weirdly enough
non doctors witzie
I'm trying to think of all the doctors I know
they are almost all married to other doctors
lol
To require surgical anatomical changes as a pre-condition to participation is not necessary to preserve fair competition and may be inconsistent with developing legislation and notions of human rights.
at what point will people stop taking hoooman rights seriously anymore
15:48:53 <@AtlasB> http://www.breitbart.com/sports/2016/01/22/olympics-allow-transsexuals-to-compete-under-gender-they-identify-with/
This is a joke right?
Is this April 1st?
Man I was such an idiot
I should have applied for scholarships for blacks
Imagine all the money I would have gotten
Mmm... Chicken tikka masala is yummy. :3
i hope thats vegan chicken azombie
So vegan my brain just exploded. :p
lol
n n n no. this little shitter cat's water bowl is always clean and full
you should see a doctor
hes just weird
No, I should marry a doctor. :p
im like really you have BOTTLED WATER in your freaking bowl and you drink out of the toiler
you can do both
really
Fair point.
silly zombie
oh god sake, usa apprenticeship is on BBC
I think the case is true for professors, too, actually. Most profs I know are married to other profs.
Mine are pretty retarded.
BBC are terrorist sympathisers
I don't want to chanc eit
i used to have a pretty retarded cat when i lived w my ex. we were teaching htem to use the toilet (to potty, not drink) and alucard loved it but little girl would jump up on the toilet, turn around and poop on the floor
c+ for effor?
lol
oh, kitties.
My 100 garlic clove roast chicken smells so good
Our puppy does that, drinking out of the toilet.
Despite having plenty of water in his bowl.
step away from the garlic
Okay these new trannie rules for the Olympics are insane
I'm extra pleased because my bro is avoiding my food like the plague.
soon you will be injecting it
The Olympics are pushing transhumanism
ive been there.
As part of the elite agenda
Lol Jack4ss 
Liberals are so far off the deep end
10 years ago this would have been an onion article
wow donald trump hired his own live orchestra for his walk in, to a private meeting
there was more musicians than there was people in the meeting
Did do you read the vigilant citizen occult analysis of the London opening ceremony?
i only read picture books
http://www.nationalpost.com/m/wp/blog.html?b=news.nationalpost.com//news/canada/toronto-man-found-not-guilty-in-twitter-harassment-trial-widely-viewed-as-a-canadian-first
thank. fucking. christ
what did he tweet?
Lol Jack4ss
Hahahaha
That was funny
derp
I can't remember, tbh.
It wasn't nice, but nobody's legally obligated to be nice on the internet
seems like its all a crock of tired people trying to stir shit up
"he said mean words on the internet, jail him"
wth
literally all you have to do is [x]
ITS OVER!
http://i.imgur.com/hEiAKRh.gif
https://twitter.com/greg_a_elliott
I learned something that made the refugee crisis make more sense
Apparently, the British were more permissive and got the cream of the east European crop earlier
And Germany got the dregs and was furious about it
So this time they wanted to get the cream, this time of the middle eastern crop
Makes total sense unless you're totally racist
yeah im lost
i heard alot of the immigrants were africans
The thing is that middle easterners are low IQ
who destroyed their passports 
GG
The multiculturalism thing is a red herring
i think like 20% are syrians
If you worry about multiculturalism, you lose out on the high IQ east Europeans
And the Asians
Who are genuine treasures
all i ask, is the people who come to my country speak the fucking language
Who cares
Totally irrelevant
why is it
i care
I CARE
Jack4ss: FrenselP only cares about IQ
Even if they never learn their children will
course
high IQ ==> high IQ kids who will naturally learn the language 
without probs
i live in the now
The multiculturalism fear is just stupid as far as I can tell
what multiculturalism fear
You all have blue names
Except witzie 
The idea that if you import another culture the sky will fall is retarded
16:20:37 <FrenselP> Apparently, the British were more permissive and got the cream of the east European crop earlier
Look at the Chinese
Makes sense
Look at the japanese
As foreign culturally as possible
Hell, they often self segregate
And they are fuckin treasures
Practically zero downside
The problem is all on the low IQ end of things
why is it a problem
There's no way importing the elite of high IQ populations is a bad idea, ever. From the country eye view, that is
As an individual in the country it is more ambiguous, more competition
we need people to be binmen
Chinese did good building railroads
Have the high IQ people develop robots to pick up trash if you like
You can use high IQ people for low IQ work if it comes to it
Right
But not vice versa
7:29 PM <FrenselP> There's no way importing the elite of high IQ populations is a bad idea, ever. From the country eye view, that is
Yeh like the Jews!!!
Did fine for the country
Import high iq with alien voews
Gave the us nukes
To tear apart your country!
I'll take the nukes over any intangible cultural preference, if working for the sake of the country
Gave us and the enemy nukes!
Oppenheimer, spy
The rosenbergs
Moar alien high is ppl with no concern for our traditions and form of government!
holy shit
https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/4285n2/sybian_experience_is_it_worth_the_price_better/
Yay!
1,500$
4:26 PM <FrenselP> Look at the Chinese <--- FrenselP, this was posted earlier, coincidentally: http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/the-problem-with-chinese-students.html
for a vibrator?
I don't think there's any doubt that a world where nukes were never invented is a world where the US is in a weaker position
"The price is pretty high- maybe $1,500 with shipping- so this isn't a purchase to be taken lightly. But the kids have shoes on their feet, and all the bills get paid, so I'm not taking away from other responsibilities. And dammit, if Momma wants something fun, then who is to say it's wrong?!?!"
Jesus.
Better be made of diamonds.
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/83/Tn_sybian_gmax1.jpg/250px-Tn_sybian_gmax1.jpg 
15 hundred dollars for this thing?
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/N_OoAMTfVVQ/maxresdefault.jpg
lol
May as well just attach a dildo to your dryer.
isn't tinder free?
Hahaha
The obsession with getting off is repulsive
Dorothy graglisnasco (I think that was her name) that men in the 70s turned gay because of women's neefound clitoral obsession 
Lol witzie 
Tinder is the economical choice
You might even get food out of it
Interesting that women seem to like getting off thru machines
16:38:44 <@AtlasB> Dorothy graglisnasco (I think that was her name) that men in the 70s turned gay because of women's neefound clitoral obsession 
wb chasingstatues 
Hahaha
16:37:48 <@AtlasB> The obsession with getting off is repulsive
hello m'ladys 
http://imgur.com/gallery/snD75D5
such hypergamy, women would rather use a sybian then some beta schmuck
I think they make machines that simulate a bj
Maybe that is why I always find myself getting repulsed whenever griddy starts talking about women getting off
i once stuck my finger through a rotten pepper
SexyMcSexington you told me to invest in a toy instead of tinder lol
Lolol chasingstatues 
i think that could also simulate a bj
chasingstatues?
;)
haha but a sybian is $1500
Women obsessing over getting off has gotta be hot to most red-blooded men
There's no way I am crazy
griddy = no women can ever get off ever ;)
Shouldn't they just enjoy having sex instead of obsessing over getting hot FrenselP?
fedoraphoric feline, chasingstatues 
Getting off
chasingstatues++
frensel, my boyfriend would find that very hot
Lol what part of sex do you think is enjoyable
ChasingArchitects
Wanting to get off shades into wanting sex surely
(im still at it)
this weird chick in his japanese class said she read hentai
segues?
hi architect
was it Ranma?
its always the weird chick
still at what?
are you a weird chick then Architect 
16:44:54 <@AtlasB> Lol what part of sex do you think is enjoyable
bonjuerno children 
I am
I guess I'm projecting my sexuality onto females
but yeah, my boyfriend thought it was so hot
she's weird in a super, super awkward way
maybe there's no such thing as a female orgasm
The getting off part is just the end
its all just a show for men
lolol
is she physically attractive though, chasingstatues ?
yeah
plain
well there you go
but cute
mystery solved
if she was ugly, it would just be weird that she reads hentai
it's not that simple with my boyfriend
but she's somewhat cute
i mean, maybe it is
but some of the girls you guys would call a 10, he thinks are disgusting
Is he gay?
he loves that she's like so shy, but sexually curious
nah, he just doesn't like orange faced plastic girls
Oh neither do I
4:47 PM <chasingstatues> he loves that she's like so shy <--- "she's shy? well that's unattractive" ... said no male in this irc channel
maybe i mean on the ppd subreddit then
Only Archie likes orange faced plastic girls
4:46 PM <SexyMcSexington> maybe there's no such thing as a female orgasm
I like this conspiracy theory
I ate so much protein today
Orange faced plastic girls are for trailer trash
i'm ok with orange faced plastic girls or ones with tons of makeup
i am sort of trashy though 
yeah he hates tons of make up
lol
Right fiat
You grew up prole
There's something for everyone
Not for basement dwelling neckbeards
Well I guess there is you
can confirm
there is DG69 
Lolol
Oooh
Ouch
neg the DG69
I feel sufficiently negged
Will have sex with next person who asks
that means you want us harder, right?
you
me
sex?
DG69: 
Yes.
you have SP already
cheater
It's only cheating if it's with a penis
I don't want to bone DG69 I just want to save her from anyone else in this irc
like
the sad part is that some people believe that
anyone could have asked
poor dg
it could have been sern
Lol witzie 
lol
hey
My saviour
OMG the roast chicken I just made was so good 
I thought I'd save her from that fate
how dare you
4:53 PM <DG69> Will have sex with next person who asks <--- she's trying to trick you guys
im not so bad
once you get to know me
that's something she would have done anyways
she's trying to make it sound like a one-time offer
marketing101
Lol
Fiat++
16:54:18 <@witzie> poor dg
Lol
16:54:17 <@witzie> anyone could have asked
I wouldn't ask I'd order
how did you make it wing
I mean, if there's going to be a monetization of poon, we might as well have a PPD lottery
we can skype as we roll the  balls in the spinner cage
DG69: can make some cash
Today's bread came out good
A lottery, I hadn't thought of that before
Soft, moist, fluffy
im full of smart ideas
come with the package that is arewar 
Architect: 
not arewar
I dunno that guy
It's amazing just how much of the stuff you can make at once
Lol
I put a couple spoonfuls of water on it while it was baking, and put a pot of water in the oven with it
Miley is winning. Can't believe Liam took her back
she's also pretty much given up clothing
which is sort of impressive
simple
you don't need clothes to win ladies
spiced it up roasted it
it was big and juicy
they're only holding you back 
it just came out perfectly tender
He had onenitis bad
didn't he leave her
She dumped him after they were engaged
No she left him
and wasn't he not happy at all with her
ooh
that sucks
I think she was going through her "I'm realizing I'm bi" phase
He let her date a few chicks
I guess she's ready to be married now lol
Anyway go her. He's hot. And reliable apparently
last i heard, which was like 2 months ago, she was dating a Victoria Secret model
She was as of last week I thought
LOL
niccce
That poor vs model was dumped
impossibru...VS models do not get "dumped"...they get postponed.
OK!?
VS models need cuddles too
she only dated other women when separated from Liam, griddy?
No idea fiat
But I guess
They didn't have any rumors of her dating any guys
makes sense; seems normal
I don't get why a guy like Liam H. would want a woman like MC
guys don't think of women as competitors
Yeah I agree fiat
Architect: she's probably a cool person and fun to be around
I swear when a girl breaks up with a guy to be with a girl; the only two guys I know that happened to
got over it quick
in one case it was laughed off as a joke and in the other case
"oh it just wasn't meant to be"
not an ego hit to the guy
she just swing the other way, that's all
swung*
Yeah that makes sense
He doesn't feel threatened
Yeah it is just too bad he couldn't get a harem out of it fiat
yeah someone breaking up with you because your gay is one of hte least suckiest situations
still sucks
but its so obviously not your fault 
the literal "its not you, its me"
griddy: but he's such a proper man
nomnomnom. we finished off the turkey meatballs and twice baked potatoes but im nto sure what im making tomorrow
clean cut
she's like...wild
might be light because we have challah french toast and sausage tomorrow for breakfast lol
it looks weird on the surface
Liam hemsworth deserves her if he still wants to date her knowing what she is
I don't know Miley
what's wrong with her
what is she
how have i never heard of challah french toast, that sounds magical 
5:18 PM <witzie> the literal "its not you, its me" - OR, it's "you have literally turned me off of the female body for life"
SerN she looks fun to be around
alpha female
doesnt give a fuck
http://imgur.com/gallery/IcFiRyk
i dont think shes a bad person? (unless you think being a whore makes you a bad person)
the girl in yellow looks supremely satisfied
oh my gosh its the only way to have it
i had it when i was living in south florida and now if i order french toast somewhere its always a disappointment when its not challah bread lol
Lol yeah idk
They seem good together
I don't know that woman. He clearly loves her for some reason
He could have dated anyone
im applying for a job, and it says; what are your interests?  "I have a keen interest in 3D Modelling. I think it originated from my addiction to Lego when i was a kid. I have thought about getting a 3D printer.  Maybe one day i will buy a 3D printer and print lego, and come full circle."
do you think they will appreciate some light humour
depends on the culture, I think
Corporate culture definitely makes a difference.
what job are you applying for
Besides my computer related hobbies, I of course like to "keep fit" and "socialise". 
Jack4ss?
do you think that will fly
hahaha
just an IT Apprenticeship
bf just complained that his navel is full of dried jizz
i asked him what it was wearing, and whether it was asking for it
lulz
Do you know anything about the people you're going to potentially be working with?
Eww. lol
yay snow everywhere
nothing at all zombie
but i hope they like lego
Maybe not mention the Legos.
Might seem too kiddy.
:(
So pretty
Also humor depends
It's always a risk
But sometimes it pays off
I usually go for humor if I think it fits the culture of the company I'm applying for
or if I don't give a shit
"crippling addiction to Lego "
HAHA
I mean, obviously you have to care at least some to apply for a job. but maybe save the going-in-blind humor for jobs that you don't hvae your heart too set on
in case it goes badly
Well, maybe refer to how you used the Legos productively, if you want to include that.
have you considered making a dynamic resume/application
in html or something
Then again, I'm coming at this from the POV of how I would do my resume.
madscilove: you're ops now?
Didn't even notice
no fiat, im not sure what that is
its one of those fill in the boxes forms though
lol protopill, I've been op for a month or two
ive helped a couple of friends successfully apply using nifty applications written in html
madscilove: well shit
if you're just emailing the application then that could be better she
better than your typical word doc
esp if you're applying for an IT position
oh nm you're using a standardized application form provided for by the company
well anyway good luck with that, Jack4ss
thanks bro!
5:42 PM <fiat> ive helped a couple of friends successfully apply using nifty applications written in html
Good way to get fired in the law fellow brahs
Don't be unique
Lol
Put that shit on bone white paper
And single space it like a nerd
And don't do anything but times new
it is in bone white and single spaced
times new is meh
Arial ftw
the only difference are certain features like drop down to change language settings
helvetica
Times new? Really?
and other minor features for convenience
arial is just a cheap helvetica clone
obv still keeping things professional
All the sample resumes I've seen are in helvetica
.seen blowing
Eww Helvectica
Don't get me wrong I love serifs
But I'd be seen as a dinosaur if I used it
Those serifs
I think mine's in a sans serif.
I can't remember the actual font I used though.
 "eww Helvetica" <--- yeah tell me about it protopill
the Helvetica scenario is horrifying
helvetica is glorious
I was so pissed when Stanford changed its font
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/422var/carousel_rider_in_approaching_the_wall_makes_a/
I got pissed when my Uni kept making very minor font changes.
lol
http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/50a5688fecad043f50000012-480/stanford-logo-change.jpg
i hate when fucking plebes pick fonts
HAHAHA Your hamster may run on a wheel - mine tears up obstacle courses
http://i.imgur.com/taQsPyl.gifv
let designers do it
Look how horrible they made it
Lol
Well that's a drastic and rather ugly change.
loloololThere are three guys I hook up with occasionally but all of them have said they're "not ready" for a relationship or "like the way things are".
if your first font to reach for is times new roman gtfo
WHY CANT I FIND TRUE LOVE
From the great sabon to this crap
lol phantom i love it
its trying to stay hip and popping and fresh and relevant and accessible
 <SexyMcSexington> let designers do it
on that note, I hate when designers try to write copy
let the actual writers do that
It looks so ugly and blocky. Less crisp.
I don't get backpackers
Why would you want to travel and not have any roots to launch from
the cafe I'm working at let their web designer write their page. it's retarded. "Get on your car and come down for a meal"
....get ON your car. 
I'm reading all this crap on trp about moving to Cambodia
And I'm just not seeing the point
You're calling men in general horrible people for not wanting a serious relationship with the woman who's currently hooking up with three other men? Yeah, about that mirror...
HAHAHA
What does that have to do with anything?
I DIED
are they talking about backpacking or moving?
I LITERALLY JUST DIED. RIP LITTLE_RED_
Like moving to there and then backpacking across Asia
As a hermit
Living off the land
lol
Being one with your stoic
SerNemesis: that's nothing compared to how bad the university of California's logo redesign went
You know what would be really refreshing? A 'female talk show' that had a RPW slant
I don't get it
the one with the "modern" look
or at least a mentality that said "you are not a victim"
the C makes me nautilus
nauseous
I think it could be JUST as entertaining and dramatic as maury or any of the other shows
hey has anyone talked to blowing since this morning? 
(women flipping their sh*t at being called out)
i dont watch talk shows but i would watch that
she seems to have deleted everything
o reddit?
*on
?? Why'd she do that?
I have her on skype
When I was recovering from a sports injury in college - I watched a little too much day time tv over the summer
That thread just made me think of how fun it would be to dress that chick down
Idk why 
she comments to someone in another random thread saying "Oh look, another angry virgin. Why don't you just go back to ranting about women on your shitty sub and leave me alone."
the internet is full of such interesting people, i cant tolerate it
Sorry to jet little_red_ meeting Occam for a dinner date
Have a good night!
have fun!
.context
she must have blocked skype I dont see her
I still see her
says she has 13 contacts
ill msg her next time she's on
are you sure thats refreshed? 
it showed her for me and then I reloaded and it was gone
I mean, I would imagine. 
Wait, did she ghost?
my skype is always on
:(
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0EnAZp8S7o
"i let my emotions get the best of me. i guess i care too much"
so good
bitches be crazy.
I wonder why. 
17:53:38 <+fiat> the one with the "modern" look
oh yeah
god
i pretend that logo doesn't exist
I'm triggered by this discussion
http://www.aiga.org/uploadedImages/AIGA/Content/Inspiration/Member_Contributed_Articles/UC-Logo1_640x.jpg
that fucking logo is almost triggering even to me
Yeah she's not on my skype anymore either
I like how Judge Judy's always calling stupid people out on their stupidity.  I haven't watched that in a while - I should!
Hmm
Maybe she just likes me best :)
17:54:26 <@witzie> she seems to have deleted everything
oh know
what happened in las vegas?
maybe she just wants to focus her attention gambling for now
 /r/relationships is just a shitshow
hey, just being optimistic
people seriously have relationships with those dilemmas? in real life?
I like the way you think
"My[28m] girlfriend[27f] said the hottest sex she has ever had was with some Italian Guy."
Hahaha
"UPDATE Me [26F] with my jealous girlfriend [24F] makes up stories about me staring at other people/flirting with my ex/watching porn etc Want it to stop!"
fiat++
I unsubscribed from there a while back.  
I just want to shake some of them
Who do you most admire and why?
DONALD TRUMP
for being a don
:P
Moldy, you big beautiful brazilian man. Have you joined the redpill yet?
lol
https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1440/1154274687_63ce124d6f_z.jpg?zz=1 Moldador i found your flickr account
didn't blowing just drop by...
wow that's a lot of hair
wew
Jack4ss++
littlebee, do you like a hairy man?
i do like hairy men
Jack4ss oi
trust me my beard will flourish one day
I don't think I've seen Moldador in main chat yet
only minecraft chat
hi!
nobody talks to me
:/
so i came to check here
we talk pretty much nonstop here
hi Moldador 
hi hihi
hi
jack lies
that's not my flickr
hello Moldador!
:/
lol
hi bee
oh god, we've been talking for ages
its definitely not you?
hahaha
Jack4ss++
youve been cybering that hairy brazilian man haven't you
i don't remember if i had a flockr account someday
i tried to login now but it's yahoo group
i hate yahoo
xD
im really fucking cold
oh goddamit ive been catfished again
cold
as
ice
it's hot here. it's trade
....paradise
karma + is good?
i dislike being hot more than I dislike being cold actually
positive karma?
here is  too cold for summer
its a reward system for being a good boy, it keeps me in line
max 25
Can someone please bring me a steak?
nothing super fancy
a ribeye will do
I could eat the shit out of a steak
nice and rare
I want a snake too
*steak
that was a weird freudian slip
Moldador knows how to turn me on
hahahahha wew
lol mads
suree
i built a gold farm
I mean, I'm not gonna say no to a snake if someone is offering
me and him can share the steak together
it'll be super cute. 
like, cut in half?
no, i was thinking we could eat it at the same time
but I think he might eat my face, so yeah I'll just cut it
ah, I see
all Lady and the Tramp like
exactly!
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/10/11/article-0-18AC4A2800000578-760_634x422.jpg
^ NSFpeoplewhodon'tlikesnakes
hahahahaha
oh sweet lord
lady and the tramp!
I cant stop staring at it
.addterm #TruLuv http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/10/11/article-0-18AC4A2800000578-760_634x422.jpg
lol
#RelationshipGoals
"baby I wanna unhinge my jaw and swallow a rodent with you"

wtf are candied jalapenos?
http://cf.foodiewithfamily.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/Candied-Jalapenos-2-600x900.jpg
this in no way looks appealing 
those look awful
I just...sugary sweet jalapenos and cream cheese on a cracker...? Why??
ew
lol, saltines at that
"There aren't words that exist to describe how addictive these little savoury, sweet, spicy, crunchy, garlicky pickled jalapeno rounds are. Put them on sandwiches, tacos, rice or bake them into cornbread. You'll need more and more!"
relationshipgoals?
hmm. on second thoughy
*thought 
lol witzie
and now they're in jail for life with INFINITE time to spend thinking about each other
<3
Architect++
that's how I'd view jailtime 
infinite time to spend thinking about SP
lol
not sue if siblings or spouses though
okay, fuck this fucking keyboard
relationshipgoals is an image of a younger version of atlasb and her husband
LOL
I could kinda see the girl as atlas
https://twitter.com/nicolefarnum/status/690607960083423232
why?
because it's Arizona and they're unaware it isn't 1956 anymore. 
if they try to get jobs anywhere outside Arizona now they may face actual consequences for that
"A school spokesperson told 12 News that the the photo did not reflect the school's beliefs, and that at the time, no faculty members saw or approved of the girls' decision to arrange themselves to display a racial slur."
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4286xj/my28m_girlfriend27f_said_the_hottest_sex_she_has/
damn
are you sure??
who says shit like this?
oooh. well shit, don't snoop 
I just made the most majestic pretzels ever and they stuck to the parchment paper.  I'm so sad!
as messed up as all that is, why is your brother stalking your girlfriend's online activity? 
I find it really odd he cares more that this other man was better than him, than that she was cheating on him for 4 months 
after they were already LTR for 6 months
she cheated?
no I think she was just saying it was a memory
yeah she didnt cheat Architect 
he says she posted that they were fucking for 4 months and this was 6 months after they got together
or was it before? Did I missread?
in the past
she had a 4mo fling with the Italian before they met
http://www.attn.com/stories/5342/free-the-nipple-yoga
no
she's cheating
he says
No
stfu LA
oh...maybe not
She's not cheating
ok, nevermind, I missread
She saw the Italian for 4 months
and she posted 3 months ago
but they've been together 4 years, so she's obviously lying about thinking her H was best
saying*
they've only been together a year
he should dump her
??? Holy fuck
I'm broken today
But Yea. He should needs to dump her
what a bro though
His brother was a bro
yeah
in both ways
his brother's a chode
mind your business, damn
I'd hope my bounds that for me instead of listening to Reddit nerds tell him not to voice that shit
Bros*
same Architect 
dragoness is just being team woman here
Haha
nah
that was just a weird thing to do
"Oh hey bro, have you checked your GF's account history on an obscure forum? No worries, Igotchu fam"
good for him
It's not that weird. "Yo, dawg, your girl is writing raunchy stories in a women's forum about fucking rich guys who aren't you"
That's pretty legit
Architect++
it would only mean something if she were cheating or saying she wanted to leave to go find and fuck that guy again
 Did you know anti-Semitism is a disease? Yeah, you catch it from Jews. - April Gaede
lol
she's funny at least
despite being psycoh
I mean, we've already established she is bullshitting about his dick.
I'd wanna know that
lol
That means something Imo
19:35:14 <dragoness> it would only mean something if she were cheating or saying she wanted to leave to go find and fuck that guy again
see you're being team woman here
right Architect 
she lied
she got caught out
"In 1994, Gaede was arrested for indecent exposure when she rode a horse down a public street wearing only a cowboy hat, boots and bumper stickers"
and she is actually talking about how good this guy felt
she didn't just forget that
I'm with the guys on this one 
she posted that username publically
it's 100% dumpworthy
I'd tell my sister if I found her boyfriend doing sketchy shit like that
witzie++
yeah this isn't even team man for me
i'd do the same if the genders were the other way around
I just don't see why it matters. 
this is on the level of thought crimes here
meh 
I don't want my boyfriend/husband to think an exes bod was better
you can go have a relationship with someone who posts how much nicer it was to fuck his ex before you
or sex with her was better
etc
<SerNemesis> you can go have a relationship with someone who posts how much nicer it was to fuck his ex before you
I mean, it would only be an issue if it was excessive 
one post one time that amounts to little more than "locker room talk"? nah
I think it matters because A) I'd wanna know my girl is the kind of person who spends 4 month Fwb'ing some Italian fuckboi weasel and B) because I'd wanna know if she actually enjoys me sexually
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4286xj/my28m_girlfriend27f_said_the_hottest_sex_she_has/cz8lc5f
<Architect> I think it matters because A) I'd wanna know my girl is the kind of person who spends 4 month Fwb'ing some Italian fuckboi wease
^^^
"I had really amazing sex with a French dude at Burning Man a few years ago. I even wrote a cool poem about it, and read it at several poetry readings, in front of people I know, including my husband. My husband knows it was super awesome, and something that I'll remember forever, but I love him way more than some awesome sex with a foreign dude."
yes. now THAT is what I'd be bothered about
lol no
that's not real
Oh, that's real
and this is why you keep this stuff off the internet
this is why you don't do AFBB
I fucking refuse 
dragoness: hippies friends I know would do that shit
I think they have, actually
OHMYGOD
SerNemesis> this is why you don't do AFBB
even if you end up with the world's alpha-iest alpha, you're going to have some good memories that don't involve him
what girl doesn't go to weird festival concerts and have indescriminant sex?
it defeinitely happens
hopefully you're tactful about it and keep that stuff in your head and off the internet
right mads
<Architect> it defeinitely happens
19:43:17 <@madscilove> even if you end up with the world's alpha-iest alpha, you're going to have some good memories that don't involve him
oh no that part I believe. its....everything else that's the problem
good memories is fine
as long as it isn't significantly better sex or attraction
"better" is a weird concept to me, applied to sex with people
sex with different people is just different
not for this girl it wasn't
it was better
period
and that is what AFBB does
http://i45.tinypic.com/25q9j54.jpg
yea, if her H is not giving her jello legs and making her jizz just by having it in her, sex with her husband is not only different, it's worse
this is why you manage info better
fiat++
damn. this is giving me a complex
I'm starting to get paranoid about the next guy I date =/
19:46:35 <dragoness> I'm starting to get paranoid about the next guy I date =/
uh oh
why is that?
you've had awesome sex with a hung guy that most guys won't be able to compete with?
crap
my ex was the best I ever had
don't worry dragoness
this convo never happened
lol
delete this off the internet
and you don't know who this "dragoness" is
I saw nothing!
I can alibi 
damn
"what? dragoness? is that a username?"
witzie++
I was with dragoness irl doing irl things with irl people
and then they wonder why we want usda prime virgins
lolol
she does not frequent dinky internet forums
you guys are the ones comparing
she has an irl social life
nit us
but I love him way more than some awesome sex with a foreign dude <- she can go fuck herself then if that sex was so awesome
it doesnt work that way
yeah
this girl legit compared
it was the best
just becaus eyou had awesome sex with someoen else means nothing
not different
best
i might have stood for it when i was a bloop and get cucked
i would not stand for it now
SexyMcSexington++
the fact that she articulated it at any point
is what's really bad
that sucks kittenkajira :(
right
thats just retarded
well his brother went snooping
i put over 20 things on your list witzie
she shouldn't have posted it on the internet connected to her
but
with trailers
some with links
wtf was his bro doing
Yore the best
yup it's like admitting you cheated on him
In choosing one now
stupid
exactly madscilove 
some of them are like 3-5 $ to rent on youtube
no, it's not like admitting you cheated
which id pay for if you want
it's like admitting that your last gf was hotter than your current
the obvious solution is to hatesex her so hard she gets jello legs
it's an unfortunate truth
that you keep to yourself to preserve the peace
yeah but you never say that unless its with bros in the mountains under highly confidential circumstances 
lol "hate sex"
from what i read if hatesex is good sex your regular sex sucks
yeah the brother is a snoop but that doesn't matter. it could have turned up any number of ways. hell and accidental personalized Google result (who knows how search engines of tomorrow will evolve) could have linked him to his gf
hate sex strikes me as a shitty idea
does not compute
she just needed to be more careful and more aware how this stuff
I doubt she figured it was a big deal
do people who break up and date again not tell their new partners that their ex had a small dick and was unsatisfying in bed? 
even if he snooped
gets perceived by most guys
that seems like such an easy automatic thing
and I doubt she figured he care to snoop
fiat: ideally you don't put this stuff down in writing
with low chances of getting found out
I'd do that even though its a toital lie
witzie: I just don't talk about it 
lol
well yeah architect maybe she didn't think it was a big deal but that is lack of awareness
sure some ex is probably going to have a bigger dick but keep that to yourself
and people are smart enough not to ask
that's one of the good things about trp
DADT
it allows women to see men's thoughts
unfiltered
yeah dragoness
not cowed into PCness
fiat: maybe so, but I think many women these days who are growing up in "sex positive land where nothing has any consequences" believe that
filtered honesty
nothing has any consequences sexually
eh babies and stds
I mean besides that
not physically
morally
the opinions of others
feelings
comparisons
etc
the nice thing about millennial stupidity is that we also get to see women's thoughts unfiltered
like this guy got to see his gf's thoughts unfiltered
and dump her
omg i would be so pissed to hear that i'm getting BB'd
i'd tell her to find some other bucks
that seems very uncharacteristic for you.
sure i might get BB, but to actually say it
i have to draw a line somewhere
SexyMcSexington++
the line being where i feel like i'm getting cucked
SexyMcSexington> omg i would be so pissed to hear that i'm getting BB'd
she is cucking him
if she thinks she can do better, she is free to try so
here's another thought: maybe he should get better at sex
with this rich italian dude
my gf is lucky that she is viewed favorably relative to past relationships. if she wasn't viewed favorably she would never know
because I am way more careful
than this woman
penis enlargement surgery madscilove?
it's never about the size of the dick, unless it's a micro peen
bad sex is about technique
I can take secrets to the grave
i'm honestly pretty good at sex, so if you say I cannot match X dude, its not because of what I do, its who I am
I can't change that
but I can change partners
jus tbecause some man was beter at sex
does not mean youre geting BBed
yes!
it just means you're not as good at sex
lol
right
lol
logically you are correct AtlasB
male projection
it's not her fault you're not skilled and you got a small peen!
why is she obligated to think he's a sex god? maybe he sucks
but its very emasculating
lol
own that mofos!
how does putlocker wiork?
it seems like she treats him well if he was so blindsided by this
you have to giv eit CC info?
idk
I chose legends of the fall
nooo
madscilove: so why would he be with her?
dont give putlocker money
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
yay yay yay
I think there are better sites if youre going to pay
right
architect: just because her "best sex memory" is with someone else, doesn't mean she can't enjoy sex with him too
lots of these are rentable
no one wants a partner who's attitude is "im not obligated tot hink you're a sex god..."
lol she can go be with italian guy and have all the great sex with him
hmm. maybe this is a good reason to ride the CC. get out there and experience a variety of bad dick and poor technique
i put my three fave chinese films on
how can i hold any legibility as a man
lol. but it's not an obligation
if she can say that, i can find out
and do nothing about it
of course it's not
it's an attitude
why are you girls trying to logically convince some guy why his feels are wrong. the OP himself says that this revelation is killing him
how arep pl findign streamign movie to watch?
i'm not claiming this is a logical feel
movies or shows?
I'm not trying to convince him that his feelings are wrong. 
it's like walking into a store and asking where the sweaters are and having the CSR say "..im not obligated to sell you anything..."
"ok??"
but its a very strong negative feel for a man
if he can't deal with him it just makes sense to break up or just slowly suffer through it until he becomes calloused
"jerk.."
I'm disagreeing with the men here that this woman did something wrong
besides stupid online behavior
I don't think she's necessarily BBing him
no, that is true
oh, never mind atlasb. I cant read
this woman obviously didn't do anything morally wrong lol
I said she's careless at worst
but you cannot keep face if you find out about that and just acceptit.jpg
so if men had a hotter gf in th epast
well, whether she did something morally wrong is up to OP
really
should the new gf dump him?
lol
but he doesn't seem to care about the sex for the sake of sex
did the man say that to her?
if she can't deal with it emotionally?
sure
i keep believ eyou ppl are pushing me back onto team woman
19:55:37 <@AtlasB> does not mean youre geting BBed
SexyMcSexington: what if he posted it on TRP?
don't care
that's more what this is like
right
and she found out about it?
i know all my BFs
if its killing her, then obviously she should leave
had hotter gfs
wtf I am on the side of the women in your gender inverted scenario
19:58:44 <@AtlasB> so if men had a hotter gf in th epast
every one of them
my ex had two model exes
19:58:51 <@AtlasB> should the new gf dump him?
what if a man posted "my ex gf was so much hotter/better at sex" on TRP and his gf's sister found it ?
one had been my friend
if she wants to yeah
witzie says all the time if SP had a hotter gf before that would bother her a great deal
yeah then she should leave if its bad for her emotionally
why would he have to say it
i don't think women care about sex and attraction as much as men do
its obvious
if that is a boundary for a girl, she can break up for it, sure
but he didn't marry them so they are of lower value to him 
if she can't deal with her bf thinking he had a hotter woman in the past then she can dump him for all I care
so if you have a great relationship
19:59:39 <@madscilove> what if a man posted "my ex gf was so much hotter/better at sex" on TRP and his gf's sister found it ?
an dsomething is bad for you emoptionally
you should  leave
she should tell her
it makes perfect sense if she literally can't deal with it
or maybe they feel like he's settling
yea, of course
who wants to be backup betty
no one has to be a relationship
right SexyMcSexington 
die alone with cats millenials
well yes she can't deal with it
lolol
relationships are for enjoyment
hahahahahah
no they arent
if you're not enjoying another person...
peace out
then youll never have a relationship
ever
they go through bad times too
 <SexyMcSexington> who wants to be backup betty
you dont enjoy the other person all the time
why is that being a backup?
how is it being a back up?
because he couldn't marry hot chick so he married you
my ex for example
AF/BB man style
ooo
you can love and commit to someone and acknowledge that they're not THE BEST EVER
youre assumign hes a beta loser
got ya
we aren't talking about your 12 yr relationship
lolol
not that he broke up with her
right
we're talking about a much shallower one
becaus eguys NEVER EVER reak up with hot chicks!!!
hahahahah
lol
oh if he broke up with her then yes its different
omg i can teven take it
one that the OP himself was willing to break up over
No, you fight sometimes. Argue sometimes. They piss you off sometimes, but you still enjoy them. If I can't fuck my girlfreiend anymore because I know she thinks Joe blow Italian is way better, that could be a valid reason for me to kill it
this is becominga mentally ill universe
I mean he himself doesn't see enough worth salvaging
and doesn't care enough about those nine months
imnot talkign baotu my 12 yr relationship either
each actor should do what is best for them
i knew for a fact all my exes and my h ha dmuch hotter women than me
younger
soem kept pix
oh no!!!
like this?
usdaprime19?
my ex had pix of his hot exes!!!
AtlasB: wheres that picture
quick
lol
i lost it
i wouldn't care if my SO had pics of ex or even if the ex was hotter, but sex is diffrent
marian looked like catherine zeta jones
right SexyMcSexington 
http://www.ohlalaparis.com/photos/uncategorized/gaytimes_march06_02.jpg
and was 5 10
we're supposed to be the actors as the man
she was an artist smodel
we fuck, they get fucked
its a goddamn performance
if the only guest allowed doesn't appreciate, maybe its best to find a new audience
so the probelm is the audience
there's a diff between "not appreciated" and "not the best"
not your subpar performance
which maybe you should improve
you can have good sex that's not leg-melting
and still enjoy it
and love the fuck out of your partner
you can't improve "can your dick inside me make my legs jello?"
sorry i don't comprehend subpar sex
not without surgery anyway
no one is criticizing te woman for Christ sake
yeah
no, I'm just curious why is it binary to you guys?
i'm not saying she did something objectively bad
i dotn care about critizing
bad sex and amazing sex, nothing between?
its a very strong negative feel
and he should dump her
if he doesn tliek it
My ex was the best I ever had *however* the guy I dated before him is with whom I had the hottest encounter of my life
its ne
no actually I am criticizing
I am even going as far as to say it's the guy's problem
wim argunng over whether their issue is TRUE
she did something horribly stupid
so what
AtlasB I agree. he should dump her if she can't get over it
madscilove: mediocre sex is not really any prize
in any meaningful sense
to write that on a public account? 
to write it at all?
yeh
I'm not even saying mediocre
keep that on the inside
thats the bad thng
why are you in a relationship with me if I don't please you?
I'd dump her too
you're implying that he has to be bad at sex
you can have enjoyable good sex that's not "the best"
what if he wasn't bad
hes not bad
hes not mr italin
my point exactly madscilove 
she said she likes sex with him
he himself can't deal with it. he doesn't like it and felt the relationship was shallow enough that he could still afford to break it off
why is it either legs melting or "not pleasing" ?
she didnt lov emr italian
^^^^^^
it can be plenty pleasing
this
nothin. wrong with that
well no, she said his dick was perfect
theres a million variations in between
because our manliness is tied into how well we can fuck women in this day and age
which wasn't true
italians dick was better
how do you know it's not true?
every man i ever had that was good in bed wa sgood in his own way
because it's not logically coherent
might as well chop my balls off at this point
yall act like how good he is in bed is independent of penis size
and im trusting she's not totally retarded
we already saw the post about that
for the sake of argument
it is
well, it is independent of dick size
entirely
where he asked her if he was her best in bed
no one is saying the woman is at fault so asking why the woman is wrong for liking mr Italian or how she could still love her new bf is irrelevant
some of the WORST fucks have had big dicks
and she knew he wasn't
it usually is unless you have a size queen
yup
and that he had gotten as good as he could
but was limited by dick size
was that post a lie?
i dont think it was his dick that made it the hottest
too small is a problem
probably the situation
if you're working with average and up, it doesn't matter your size
^
and if you have a big dick and you suck, it's going to be bad
I dunno bout dat
and I'll prefer an average dude who knows how to fuck
^Bill Burr voice*
Architect: from your expereince fucking men?
lol
no i agree with the women
the only point that is relevant to me is when atlasb hinted at the impracticality of dumping people just based on feels and the possibility of just aging with cats
she had a big dude who knew how to fuck though
if you're at least average it doens't really matter
from my experience talking to women who fuck men
change positions if needed
right fiat which is why you need usda prime virgin
and reading all their shit they write
no hymen no ring
aannnnnd we've come full circle 
LOL
lol
LOOOOOOOOL
SerNemesis++
circles indeed
im laughing for real
I mean, that preference doesn't bother me. 
fiat
I just find it really weird that you think a person's SO is supposed to be the best at everything relationship-related
no iwas talkign baotu ppl sayuing you should dump someone as soon as you dotn enjoy them for a minute
not everything
nope, just sex, and if not, dont say shit about it
but sex yes
sex is the number one thing in a relaitonship for us guys
you're kicking us in the balls if you tell us we're bad (and we are at least ok)
at sex
who gives a shit whether he has the most ergonomic shoulder to cry on
they should really get better at it then
no one is telling men that they're bad at sex
because we are supposed to fuck women
they're snooping and finding out that they're not as good as they thoguth
He doesn't have to be the best, the issue is if you think having sex with some Italian chode was that much better than me, and Im your bf and we've been fucking for a year and i'm still not pleasing you anywhere near as much as he did, we now have a problem in my eyes
as a man
Im sorry but, if you're actually bad would you really rather not know?
and we are supposed to make both parties have fun and orgasm and enjoy themselves and feel comfortable and cuddles etc.
that is a great point, dragoness
8:10 PM <AtlasB> no iwas talkign baotu ppl sayuing you should dump someone as soon as you dotn enjoy them for a minute <--- no it goes a bit beyond that atlasb
it borders on disgust
sure, but if i'm being told i'm bad i'd just leave, because i have enough satisifed customers to know its not my technique thats the big problem
a lot of guys actually feel disgust
over the thought of their gfs fucking other guys
Right
right fiat
if I were him, I'd probably feel like dumping her upone learning she was FWB'ing some rich italian fag
and if he is disgusted and can't get over it
hence why usda prime virgin
irrespective of how good he was
at sex
it's a bit different from just not enjoying them
<SexyMcSexington> sure, but if i'm being told i'm bad i'd just leave, because i have enough satisifed customers to know its not my technique thats the big problem
I dunno
gf fucked exes? i can deal. gf says ex was better? nopenopenope
I think you would KNOW if sex sucks, even as a virgin.
a lot of women lie and fake orgasms 
unfortuantely many men don't know they're bad because of this
then i have had a lot of really good actors considering the last 3 were squirters
It's not like you're going to go "omg, this is amazing" just because penis.
and its their fault if they're going to lie to that extent
so if a girl gave you suggestions would you be offended?
with jello legs
asking the peanut gallery
suggestions? not at all
20:12:53 <aZombieKitten> I think you would KNOW if sex sucks, even as a virgin.
i'm assuming the sex is good enough to be good
just maybe not as awesome as chad bazookacock
i'm open to suggestion, improvements etc. but don't compare me with an ex negatively
in sex
How many women openly say their ex did better?
none for me so far
i would love a girl to teach me to please her
that's why Im there
Architect: lol just ask the girl
"what do you like?"
if no response try different things
well of course, im purely answering madscilove's question
ah
i'm not trying to pretend that some ex wasn't better at some aspect of sex, of course that will happen
but i don't ever want to hear it. its a very visceral reaction
although getting technical during sex is not all that fun in the moment...probably not what you wanna do on a hookup
oh its easy just say "do you like it when I do X you dirty whore" or something
SexyMcSexington> but i don't ever want to hear it. its a very visceral reaction
oh, for sure
saying that to someone is beyond shitty
8:13 PM <madscilove> so if a girl gave you suggestions would you be offended? <--- no i wouldn't
i actually get really annoyed at girls who are quiet
and don't say anything
quiet girls unnerve me i need some feedback
or barely sayanything throughout the hour
*hours
fiat> or barely sayanything throughout the hour
...go on
SerNemesis: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/427f1m/im_seriously_attracted_to_nerdygeeky_guys_i_think/
but this isn't personal. this convo seems too personal to the people arguing right now
this is about the OP saying it really bothers him now
yusss
right
I agree that the OP should leave her if he's bothered by it
i'm not even saying he should leave her. i'm saying IF he can't handle it
Yeah cakeforallofyou.  J managed to salvage them by taking the bottoms off.  I'm going to try again on Sunday
it basically comes down to: there are some truths that you should keep to yourself in every relationship
IF he's disgusted and can't deal with that THEN ...
i wish my h followed that rule
he waite dtil we wer emarried
because can you really tolerate being with someone who invokes feelings of disgust
to tell me two things
lol AtlasB 
or as a woman can you handle your bf being disgusted by you
anyway
things i wish i did not know
one of which i suspected
if I ever got married, I'd need to know everything about a person first
like? so i can avoid doing it myself
"Well babe..now that you're stuck with me.." 
youll neve rknow that
arch
i'd want a hand written manual
ever
you don't want to know absolutely everything
lol, I know :(
there are a lot of things it's better not to know
i dotn want to kno wanything
why ar eyou m,illenials so earnets
right
mads
11:19 PM <@AtlasB> he waite dtil we wer emarried
what did he wait to do AtlasB ?
to tell me
two of the stories that explain why his dad once said to him
"wow you are a REAL "mother" fucker
lol
lol
You never want to know everything about someone.
I actually get really bothered when people tell me things I specifically didn't ask or have any real reason to know
http://publisher.attn.com/sites/default/files/1507135884696769937.jpg
lol
xD
rofl
damnnn
Eeesh
that poor girl got her career ruined. lol
she was totally mislead about what that photo would be about
I'm seeing a lot of very attractive Asians these days
I know
I never like Asians
fiat, just read that. 
Asian dudes are definitely getting hotter
20:21:07 <@AtlasB> "wow you are a REAL "mother" fucker
if it was real though, gotta give some props to the dad. he may be furious about being misled, but he STUCK IT THROUGH for two more kids
and stands majestically with his ugly kids
not his mother i hope
no
jus tlike, everyone elses
haha
ah whew
lol
oh my
wait fiat the picture was real?
no
no
i am saying "IF" it was real
i assumed they used actors
then i'd give mad props to the Dadd
ah right lol
http://publisher.attn.com/sites/default/files/bear.gif
apparently they photoshopped the kids faces
it was an ad for a plastic surgery clinic
Asian people have such a peculiar way of speaking
two hot models and some kids they made look ugly
And forming sentences
Why can't you be funny like the other Asians madscilove 
lol
I'm too white on the inside
20:26:51 <@madscilove> it was an ad for a plastic surgery clinic
yeah
good luck!
ugh, back to work now
I guess I'm going to drink my dinner because I damn sure haven't made moves to get any food =/
lol thta poor girl she was making that nice little collage for him too. what a nice gesture to be tainted
ikr
i do wonder what the brother was doing and why he was so interested
^
that was my biggest thing. like can we get some answers to this?
"In a yearlong investigation of sexual misconduct by U.S. law enforcement, The Associated Press uncovered about 1,000 officers who lost their badges in a six-year period for rape, sodomy and other sexual assault; sex crimes that included possession of child pornography; or sexual misconduct such as propositioning citizens or having consensual but prohibited
on-duty intercourse."
goddamn
20:34:33 <+fiat> i do wonder what the brother was doing and why he was so interested
probably was looking at their nice collage
and clicked on the link
yeah, sure he was
why is that hard to believe?
you know what's worrisome, SerNemesis that it'll be easier and easier to believe as time goes on
because iirc he had to dig through her history to get there
and search engines become more advanced
hell as tech improves we might have browsers automatically doing pic searches on pics you look at
in your e-mail
and give you links to forums/ads/products you might be interested in
i mean it's already ubiquitous wrt to text
and that's why I move to a cabin in Humboldt 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4286xj/my28m_girlfriend27f_said_the_hottest_sex_she_has/cz8e2oh
hahaha his response
stuff that gets typed in this irc, for example, my browser AUTOPARSES
is fucking brilliant
*when. not why
and helps me autocomplete searches
like when you guys are talking about celebrities i don't know
and i start searching on google for them
i type just 2-3 letters and my browser automatically autocompletes
one day the elites will be able to predict, and manipulate online public opinion
because it knows i was just looking at that celeb name in this irc
and that i'd be interested
the chrome browser does this for sure
"for convenience" ofc
" Each of his accusers is expected to testify in the trial that begins Monday, including one who was 17 when she said the officer pulled down her pink cotton shorts and raped her on her mother's front porch."
Okay wait 
does this sound a little too.....detailed to anyone else?
yeah, why cares if it's pink?
*who
or cotton?
Too much detail is usually a red flag for lying.
we could've just done without any of that info altogether 
that was written by the AP so...
http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fd1d4d05e561462a85abe50e7eaed4ec/ap-hundreds-officers-lose-licenses-over-sex-misconduct
What's interesting is what happens when you ask people to continually recount a story. They get more detailed as they go, as if those being questioned suddenly remember "more." Sometimes they even change details and say that their original memory was wrong.
"In Florida, Jonathan Bleiweiss of the Broward Sheriff's Office was sentenced to a five-year prison term in February for bullying about 20 immigrant men into sex acts. "
leave it to Florida to really take it up a notch
internal affairs must be an awesome job
I'd think it sucked
They'd all hate you
everyone hates you
right
that is the best part though dragoness and Architect 
you get to wield power over them
You really don't though
now I just need FX to put out a show about corrupt Internal Affairs detectives 
lol
wtf selena gomez in a pantene ad
how'd that thread turn of bardolatta
*out
Because she's Selena gomez
mixed
most agreed that SOs didn't really have leverage
it depends on how you define "pester"
a lot asked once or twice, but very few were on the level of "badgered for months" or "kissed my friend to initiate a threesome"
ah dg isn't here, i came to drop two articles by reformed carousel riders who hit 30 and then wanted the old 2.1 kids and a husband
lol. 
isnt that widely known?
what's remarkable is how both of them were explicit in that this was a SURPRISE, that they had in their minds GIVEN UP on monogamy, then they changed their mind
yeah but this is really detailed
in that both had written extensively about their carousel riding
I think that's pretty normal in this day and age.
right
Women go on the CC, get surprised when men don't want them when they're 30 and their fertility is beginning to wane.
I don't think it's so much a matter of men not wanting them
lol bardolatta you want to stop dg69 from riding the carousel?
too late?
dragoness++
i'm invested in proving a point, anyhow I have things to do but here they are http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/01/marriage-and-two-kids-a-most-scandalous-fantasy.html
she's as stripper who wrote this https://medium.com/matter/the-dickonomics-of-tinder-b14956c0c2c7
ty
like lots of wome nget married at 30 but these are hardcore
and dg said she wants to ride it until the end
and this from a hooker
https://medium.com/matter/swipe-right-on-monogamy-189b55568c0c#.mrgnqhvsb
well, let her
sure but reading two articles can't hurt
man all these jane the virgin ads
so prole
she is such a freaking prole
I've never seen it but i've been staring at a billboard for it outside my window for like 7 months now
She's aware there are consequences. If it makes her happy, whatever.
exactly 
if you're RP-aware you know the deal
holy shit: http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/01/jared-rutledge-pickup-artist-c-v-r.html
dis gon be gud
" C. and Jared had had a six-month fling in 2012; shed just gotten out of an abusive relationship, and Jared, with his brown curls and his philosophy majors curiosity, seemed like the perfect candidate for some strings-free fun. Her experience with him had been such a refreshing example of no-drama casual sex that when several friends asked her about
Jared after matching with him on Tinder, she told them to go for it. Her friends went on to sleep with him, too."
omg obvious red piller
"It was difficult for C. to reconcile the respectful, bearded philosophy major shed dated with Tweets like I hate girls I do everything but fuck on the 1st date rules. Hard to hide my disdain. My cock was in your mouth, why not the pussy bitch. They must have the wrong guy."
hahaha
"What followed was a list of his sexual conquests, evaluated with a numerical score that ranked each womans face, body, and personality, as well as a brief description. There was something horrifyingly familiar about number four: Frisky little redhead, early twenties. Not very hot and talked too much  I bailed on her because I wasnt that into it.
I see her from time to time, and shes letting herself go a little. C. screamed so loudly that her boyfriend jumped out of the shower to see what was wrong."
hahahahaha
"And so, even as Jared was getting what he purportedly wanted  plenty of sex with plenty of women  he became increasingly bitter and judgmental. Over time, his anger became directed not at a particular woman who flaked on him but at women as a group: The hardest thing in game, he tweeted, is not hating women for how fucking stupid they can
be.    "
"As the news of Jared and Jacobs secret life continued to spread on Facebook, the men issued ham-fisted apologies (Jared: Most of my life Ive struggled with insecurities around dating; Jacob: I love women) that only seemed to make things worse. They proclaimed that they would donate the coffee shops profits for the rest of the year to
Our Voice, a local rape crisis center; Our Voice rejected the money and issued a statement saying that the organization is not in a position of absolving them for their misogyny as it perpetuates a culture of danger to all women and girls.  "
"I asked him if he still wanted to follow the plan hed written about in his pre-reflection-and-repentance era: fuck around as much as possible until age 38, then marry a 24- or 25-year-old. Yeah, he said without hesitation. Derek Jeters doing it. I must have looked incredulous. Its kind of a double standard, right? he said.
Because everyones okay with him doing it, nobody has a problem with that."
"On my last night in Asheville, I met four women at a downtown bar. All of them were on Jareds List of Lays. Over cocktails and ramen, the women told me about Jareds sexual habits, his occasional flakiness, his black-and-white worldview. (They also asked me not to use their names.) They seemed most troubled by just how fine he had been to date. I
really liked him, said W. And thats what makes me feel so gullible."
"He hadnt tricked them by cheating or falsely professing love; theyd all hooked up with him knowing the relationship was casual. I knew he was dating other people. I was, too, said W. Jared would ask her to parse mixed messages from other women: This girl had bailed on him twice; what should he do?"
goddamn this is a long article 
it is worth it though
I'm about halfway though now
"And so, even as Jared was getting what he purportedly wanted  plenty of sex with plenty of women  he became increasingly bitter and judgmental"
which is really quite bizarre imo
that seems to happen to a lot of guys in the manosphere
yeah. never understood it
They become bitter because it works
well idk, maybe I can
they get what they want by using game and shallow tricks instead of being authentic and loving
Or doesnt
I guess they're made bec...
yeah what Architect just said
they react like Cypher
I guess maybe it sucks to find out you can get your way by being shady?
Even when I game chicks on OKC or something, I know it's not always me they like, I'm just pushing buttons
yeah, I can see that
yeah dragoness 
"They proclaimed that they would donate the coffee shops profits for the rest of the year to Our Voice, a local rape crisis center; Our Voice rejected the money   
"and issued a statement saying that the organization is not in a position of absolving them for their misogyny as it perpetuates a culture of danger to all women and girls."
Um.....okay lets not do that though
what's so embittering about finding out people respond to manipulation? sales is an age old profession
its that women can be sexed with dumb tactics
but not sexed by being yourself
adopt a facade, have all the sex you want
right. I guess
it is the ones who get the most sex that ultimately become the most misogynistic
the stuff women are attracted to isn't objectively so bad
in a way I guess it's similar to being a woman and finding out how easily manipulated some men can be by the mere promise of sex
right dragoness. that's just how we are
yes, that could make you very cynical
yeah dragoness 
exactly
its that we are basically removing any incentive to be beta
it's realizations like that that will quickly make you lose faith in humanity
so we all have to start acting alfa alfa
if we want anything more than beta bucks
what's wrong with being alpha? the worst thing about it is, not everyone can be it
the happy medium is being squeezed out
because not everyone wants to become one
and when you become one
you start viewing women with contempt
why not?
That's why it's lols whenever the girls in here suggest some alfalfa tactic woudln't work on women
"they fall for this dumb shit when i act like an ass?"
it's like
i wish i were alpha
'have you met women?'
and yea, dudes, with sex
it can have very bad consequences for society
betas build
alphas attack
<SexyMcSexington> because not everyone wants to become one
alphas build, too
alphas are focused on their own needs
you don't have to become an alpha or use alpha tactics though to avoid this
betas are often focused on a greater good
you increasingly have to
but for fucks sake, hide your thirst 
women don't need men for hard providership, there are plenty of safety nets
alphas can be focused on the greater good, as well
thats more high beta
eh, disagree
if you want to define alpha = has success with women, sure
but alpha is more accurately described as self-oriented
others needs are lesser or irrelevant
alphas are fearless, strong and competent. result = dominance, confidence, charm
they are not necessarily competent at anything
this selfish vs. selfless dichotomy is misleading. betas would be just as selfish if they had the chance
no
the point of selfless is that they do have the chance to be selfish, and they choose not to
okay, I think maybe you're conflating genuine Alpha Male and what most of us consider to be alphas SexyMcSexington 
imo, betas are just as selfish, they just have misinformation on how to get what they want
they really are
"if I'm nice to women and respect them hard enough they'll fuck me
they wouldn't get so bitter if that were true madscilove 
??
I'm saying, I know that's untrue
or if it wasn't hailed as the truth
if that were true they would be happy to find out how to get what they want
but that's how a lot of betas think
Well, I think the problem is a lot of these "betas" are actually more omega. 
^ true
they're trying to be selfish and get what they want
21:59:40 <@madscilove> imo, betas are just as selfish, they just have misinformation on how to get what they want
but going about it all wrong
whats the diff between beta and omega again?
if that is true why don't they become happy once TRP teaches them how to get what they want?
betas get laid sometimes
omegas are just losers
the losers of society
lol sexymcsexington
Omega is the bottom tier, total losers.
lol
they have to change their entire life
become a better man to get laid
they will view it with anger
Omegas are generally your typical fat lazy nerd.
<SexyMcSexington> become a better man to get laid
SerNemesis: are they actually succeeding at getting what they want?
a lot of trpers seem unhappy because they're still failing
They don't have proper redeeming qualities.
I just dont see why that would make someone angry SerNemesis 
*SexyMcSexington. 
i think someone needs to study omegas who actually changed themselves successfully
my bad serN
because women don't have to do it
so what?
nor do many men
and actually, we do
who are already at that hgher level
women don't have to re-engineer. improve, effort, yes
but rejection of self
not so much in my experience
22:02:06 <@madscilove> SerNemesis: are they actually succeeding at getting what they want?
22:02:12 <@madscilove> a lot of trpers seem unhappy because they're still failing
did you read the article?
<SexyMcSexington> women don't have to re-engineer. improve, effort, yes
if trpers bitch just ask if they lift :D
the success made them bitter
maybe these guys, they still have that nice guy mentality in them. they resent their own success
that is possible
 <dragoness> <SexyMcSexington> become a better man to get laid
if they're personalities or looks are bad, hell yes they do SMS
u for srs?
me?
ya brah
what do you mean?
SMS said that not me
SerNemesis: nah, just popping in and out because work
I'll read it later
I think a lot of omegas hit temporary changes but can't keep them permanent.
you said you didn't understand why that would make them angry dragoness 
well yes thats why they're omegas
i quoted the wrong thing
and not former omegas
I don't understand why improving yourself should make anyone angry
i was omega, and i really resented my success too
true azombie
well for one
moving up to betaland
it implies you suck
no one likes being told they suck
is it really the crime of the century to have to not be a fat fucking jobless slob with bad style?
and two, it has more to do with denial
in order to get what you want?
if everyone else has a sick mustang and I can't afford any car at all
i wasn't a fat fucking jobless slob (though certainly bad style!)
im pretty peeved about that
that's geh
I want a mustang
mustangs are meh
fuck the rest of you
break down way too easily!
they have an idealized version of women who can't be manipulated and likes nice betas
yes, that partly
<Architect> if everyone else has a sick mustang and I can't afford any car at all
okay but...
when i found out you could NAG a women into sex, that women view sex as worth a lot less than men do, i was mad for a bit, but then i reminded myself i'm doing male solipsism
basically you're saying that to learn you had to get a better job in order to affrod the mustang would make you angry
no because that's spelled out from birth
you are well used to it by the age you can get a job or desire a mustang
that was meant for Architect 
that would only be half of it really
the other half would be learning that everyone else's starting salary is 50K and yours is 25. Now you have to work double hard, which is double geh. 
more accurate would be others got college prep
and you didn't
I mean, that is true in the job market
some people make more than others
some jobs pay more
I mean this metaphor is horrible
right
because it implies you can just walk into another job which you can real life
which you can't in the SMV
you know that south park episode where kyle doesn't read the fine print?
and people's jobs aren't inherent
Architect> because it implies you can just walk into another job which you can real life
but everyone else who bought an iphone did
I mean, I can't walk into a six figure job
I can walk into another job that has a comparable wage to my current
that's how it is for the omegas, everyone else got the subtext of what actually works
they took it at face value
or I can change myself to get the big jobs, if I wanted
the thing is
but you can certainly make every effort to work your way up to that
which we talked about yesterday
most people do nothing to get relationships
they just happen
I disagree with that
because they are acceptable enough to most other people
nah, most people do pretty much 0
most people do a lot "behind the scenes" to get themselves to a place where relationships can "just happen" to them
^^
the girl that gets her hair done, puts on her makeup, works out, and goes to meetups?
yeah, she's doing a lot
it's not "just happening"
exactly 
luck is part of it but it's also preparation
it's like practicing for the big game
i'd argue that increases the quality dramatically but is not strictly necessary
(that was a terrible metaphor, give me a break i've been up for a long time)
:P
haha <3 madscilove
getting your hair done and putting on make up is not comparable to the effort required to fix a broken, fat body, or learn new skills and educations to improve your job
or relearn how to dress
women's smv comes off the shelf
okay but I've been there...so now what?
well, girls go to the gym to avoid "fat bodies"
men's is inherent
it didn't fucking kill me
you think we just stay skinny naturally?
lol
no way
most women do
yes
nope
I didn't whine and cry about having to lose weight or get better at talking to people
not with modern food temptations
I wouldn't call most women "skinny" though
average
shaped
still gotta maintain 
i disagree with relearning to dress
it was by far the easiest change i made
it was probably my hardest
so subjective
much less work overall than makeup everyday
see, I still can't figure clothes out
but I love putting on makeup
it's one of my favorite parts of the day
i still struggle with exercise
i am forever energyless
me either madscilove, i can't clothes
make up is really not that hard. It's not like a painting where you're getting infinitely better with more practice. There's "i look good" and "i don't look good"
Architect
idk, I didn't start to get good at makeup until I started watching youtube tutorials
This is why my outfits are generally simple.
you're really way off base
you can't really figure out a lot of technique by yourself
I mean, you can try
but it helps to have help
on what, make up dragoness ?
yes
Architect: Makeup is actually pretty difficult to get right.
I mean, ok
makeup does not look straightforward lol
lets say make up is hard
I thought I looked great with terrible makeup.
i wouldn't know where to start
And then people were like "Yeah, you look terrible." And I was surprised.
lol
make up is still the only real thing women do that requires anywhere near the amount of effort an omega would have to put it to be a viable SMP option
aww
ehh straightening hair can take quite a while/day
whoa
meeb leaves sometimes?
once/week
quick, everybody post some porn
haha
sucker
haha
If you combine all of the things we do, it's a lot of time in a day.
oh hi DG69
I'd say working out is the hardest thing women have to do. and dieting
it's still not something you inherently are though aZombieKitten 
although that is unisex
Hey SexyMcSexington didn't see you there
just busy being sexy
okay, I had to totally rewire my thinking and amend MANY of my old behaviors 
working otu makes a bigger difference than makeup, too
http://www.zdnet.com/article/ten-fake-profiles-one-okcupid-experiment-okcupid-on-trial/
eww ZDnet
the least attractive woman gets as many messages as the 2nd most attractive man
Yeah, I mean "not fat" already sets you ahead.
eww, match.com bought OKC? 
yup a long time ago
you really don't have to be thin, or skinny, or even average as a woman to reap massive benefit
of...?
SMP
life
how? 
22:17:02 <@madscilove> I'd say working out is the hardest thing women have to do. and dieting
that is pretty easy
lol
actually asking
because vagina is the most valuable resource on earth
no
if that is the hardest thing women have to do women are pretty well off
don't tell me WHY
virgin vagina :P
tell me HOW
*hardest SMV boosting thing
obviously running a business is harder than working out
lol
but running a business doesn't hurt my legs
the best SMV boosting thing you can do is get a sex change ;)
right i mean for SMV boosting lol
SexyMcSexington++
hahaha
lol
dragoness: social and sexual privileges. Women who can present even if their bodies are subpar can still reap greater privileges than most men
or just a sexual orientation change
otoh this is male solipsism
women don't really value casual sex or even relationships as much as us men
right bromance9 
We're in a separate market, yeah.
i wouldn't value something i found abundant too, at least not the plain variety
LTR vs random sex.
yeah
that too SexyMcSexington 
Which is why we have to put in a bunch of extra effort.
not LTR vs random sex aZombieKitten 
even guy LTR vs girl LTR
it's still easier for girls to get LTRs
its still rough
right SexyMcSexington 
i am in the LTR market, not casual
right sernemesis
its gone from "infintesimel" to "maybe once in a lifetime" lol
at least unless i run mad game
and i really can't be arsed at this point
Y'all act as though it's a total cakewalk.
it is
i did not say it was a cakewalk
I did
lol
hah
the hardest part for women is working out and dieting
that is a total cakewalk in comparison
lol
i do think its a lot easier, not effortless
What is infintesimel
right SerNemesis 
I'm stuck on that
oh casual sex vs. LTR/STR
as far as male-female relations, a woman can just bring the pussy power
it's retardedly easy to be a chick in comparison
Right, because like I said
i mean besides going to CL and CL is atrocious
vagina is the most sought after resource on earth
i think i'd rather do a sexy gay guy than a hamplanet
i really don't know how women haven't taken over the planet
it is not actually, it is sought after by the non-vagina havers in general
and demand by men falls off with age
aZombieKitten> Y'all act as though it's a total cakewalk.
how easy it is for us vs. men really doesn't matter in our corner of the SMP
we're competing against other women
not men
Mmhm.
that's fine
doesn't make any of this wrong
ok everyone hide the porn and nudes
right it's not as easy as you would want it even though it is 10x as easy as it is for men
hahaha SMS
.tell meeb usdaprime19
we need some Primes of Color SerNemesis
You also have less of a problem in the long run, though.
Men don't necessarily lose out on the SMP by waiting.
I mean, no one is arguing that it is easier for women to get sex and LTRs
we definitely don't. 
we have to wait
we have to become valuable men
*it isn't
We wait too long or have difficulties securing a partner and may as well be crazy cat ladies forever.
shitty dick is worth nothing
in the long run, i'll die before knowing what it's like to be truly lusted after. archwinger was right about that
<SexyMcSexington> we need some Primes of Color SerNemesis
lol. for real
Ive never seen any real proof older women don't do just fine or at least continue outperforming men
tired of looking at all these white girls
good looking people stay good looking
usually
older women at worst do as well as older men at the very worst
if they take care of thesmelves
but its a big drop
primes of color fall under specific ethnic categories
no one is knocking down 50 year old women's doors to relationship them
massive drop i imagine from prime age
amrita?
there's always the fear that he'll dump you for young tail
anjali?
yep
as an older woman
The moment you hear "ma'am," you know your age is showing.
err
manjali?
or just *different* tail
amrita looks 25ish
damnit
there are several successful porn stars that kept doing it and kept being HOT until like 45
.allterms
Porn stars.
if women were still fertile at 50, they'd have more SMV
you can be hotter than 20yr olds if you work for it
Not the average woman.
a woman can look good at 50
manjari?
We have to work extra hard as we get older.
Architect> you can be hotter than 20yr olds if you work for it
not really
it takes a LOT of work after 30 to compete
but yeah we only have white usda primes
bromance9 do you mean more RMV?
you only have to work as hard as you ever did
but that is cause they're usda
I think you are an awesome person, but that is sheer hamstering
50 year olds cannot be hotter than 20 year olds
or at the worst
DG69 right, RMV
we have nonwhite usda
40-year-olds competing with 20-year-olds?
not chinese dairy agency or whatever
start working out when you didn't before
Not happening.
A 40-year-old man can compete more with a 20-year-old man.
yeah
madscilove: of course they can
the issue with "the wall"
A 40-year-old woman can't compete with her 20-year-old counterpart on the same level.
outliers, possibly
but not most
is that you people think youth automatically means HB10
99% of 20s women are hotter than post wall women
No, youth is youth.
women are a depreciating asset, men are an appreciating one
it's just biology
and completely ignore that many people are not at their best just because they are 20
Youth and fertility are biological attracters.
women depreciate from 1000 to 100
men appreciate from 10 to 100
Lauren Drain was like 500lbs at 20
10:29 PM <Architect> is that you people think youth automatically means HB10
a fucking HOT model at 32
women are still better off
This is what I always think!
well there are the top 0.1% of men
Young isn't necessarily hot
You see a woman's age, she may look hot, but she's less viable biologically, so you'll still probably choose the 20-year-old if they're equally attractive.
they can beat even female SMV
but that's the elite
of course, but a 45yr old woman is not competing with 20yr olds outright, and she's still hotter than a bunch of them anyway
men want hot
if you're 45 and hot, you're still hot
right SexyMcSexington 
???
No, men want fertility.
Who cares if she's hot if she can't bear children properly?
men want availibility 
at this point we want not-hamplanets
lol
tbf there aren't many 45 yr old hots out there
men want hot
men want available followed by hot
not all men want kids azombie
it's not even wanting kids, though
yeah but a 45 year old woman doesn't have to be hot unless she's divorced
men are attracted to signs of fertility
the notion that men want fertillity and child bearing hips is, IMO, a RPW narrative. Men just want attractive women. A 45 yr old woman who's hot is a better choice than a 20yr old woman who's less hot
it's biology
Yeah aZombieKitten for just sex why would they care
It's a natural biological imperative.
we evolved this way
Which is what a lot of guys want
Is just sex
Fertility is assessed on a primal level.
just sex = availablility is prime
And why is casual sex preferable?
clear skin, symmetrical features, large breasts, full hips, feminine ratios
availability and not-hamplanet
Propagation of genes.
Which requires a fertile partner.
doesnt matter easy to fool our stupid male eyes
you guys are forgetting that social influence does matter
hot =/= fertility
solely
Infertility would only lower RMV, all other things equal
VS models are not naturally occuring women in nature
it'd probably slightly increase SMV
but they're HIGHLY covetted
Right sexy?
no condoms = hooray
i can feel something
otherwise i just do it for the woman's sake
How does infertility only lower RMV, though? The male imperative is high # of offspring while the female imperative is high quality of offspring.
Architect> hot =/= fertility
it's not that literal fertility is hot
how is it that men dont want kids yet biologically they should?
very easy to trick biology sometimes
it's that markers of fertility are what men are designed to respond to
it's why y'all like breasts
Because why do they care about fertility if they don't want to make kids
and young pretty women
you're saying men have an evolutionary spidey sense for fertility
It isn't like you consciously think "She's fertile, that's hot."
yes
lol men can't even tell trannies half the time
bromance
the hot ones at least
It's an underlying assessment that's made.
is there science besides that, other than mens subjective evaluations?
evopsych
how would you explain hot trannies then if fertility = hot
yeah, but have there been any specific findings? like, a man can secretly tell if a woman is infertile?
Hotness is usually a marker for fertility.
bromance9: sure they can
have you seen an old hot tranny?
just cum in her about a hundred times
see if babby is formed
lol sms
an old one? nope
Why do you think a lot of us often have concerns our partners will leave us years later for younger models?
very valid concern
bromance9: it's more that what men find attractive are usually also markers of fertility. pleasing waist-hip ratios, full breasts, youthfulness, etc.
I know there are studies
but i'm working atm
can't find 'em
Ok, there's two women, a 20 year old and a 40 year old. The 40yo is more attractive, somehow, maybe the young girl is fat and ugly, the older one super fit
sure, but those can be fooled by plastic surgery
For sex
40 yo
every time
Makes total sense to me
Because it's just for sex
Did I not say "If they are equally attractive?"
besides obesity is correlated with loss of fertility
Age isn't everything
Comparing apples to oranges doesn't work.
equally attractive to who?
if everyone is equally attractive, the man stands equally no chance either
because if it was genuinely equally attractive its 50/50
age is the great SMV leveller
olivia munn is hotter than most 20 year olds in ride along 2, and shes 35
ok, but you're comparing celeb to normal girl
http://i.imgur.com/Nw9snSw.jpg
are most 20 year olds hotter than most 35 year olds?
manjaw
^does that look fertile?
something something manjaw
and are 20 year old starlets hotter than 40 year old starlets?
Right, if they are truly equally attractive, and you just want sex, you might actually pick the older
her shoulders are wider than her hips
not really Architect 
she doesn't look fertile
she looks old
fertile, no, fuckable, yes
hot but old
and she has like 1% body fat
lol
SexyMcSexington++
way more than 1%
right, not saying 20 isnt better than 40
right exactly
men want hot
not fertile
lol what woman can do 1% body fat
SerNemesis: im being hyperbolic
SexyMcSexington: 
Y'all are giving me a headache trying to argue this.
She does not even look old
HEADACHE
HEADACHE
HEADACHE
She looks young dude
throbthrobthrob
Ew
have we all agreed women have it far easier in the SMP?
Alessandra Ambrosio is not young
she does not look old
she has 2 kids
hetero women
one of them is like 8 i think
she just looks like a party slut
than hetero men
SerNemesis: lol that was established way long ago
i just don't see how this can be argue
okay what are we arguing about then?
we were arguing about work required
to be competitive in the SMP
ah
Alesandra Ambrosio is 34
SerNemesis maybe only girls who actually like casual sex, otherwise that benefit is meaningless
for relationships
not casual sex
and she's like 50x hotter than 90% of 20yr olds. 
Isn't that the RMP then
Jeez
Read the side bar
RMP men are still in general worth less
sure we can call it the RMP
though i'd just call it the SMP
sexual relationships
That's the market for sex
yes in all its forms
Women are in the market for relationships
like the real estate marketplace
.addterm ambrosio http://i.imgur.com/Nw9snSw.jpg
is not just about renting apartments
We compete in a different market place
but buying houses as well
You're not in it
women carry the continuation of the species. hence value is centered there. QED
LOL
ouch
Well you are
BURRRRRRRN
that was rough
ouch
But not the women's side
as fuck
i think she just accidently called me an omega
I mean he's not competing
lol even in the RMP men are mostly worthless at the start
*cold bl0o0oo0ded*
i want relationships
Vs women
Lol ok
the trick to gain power over a woman is to get her hooked onto you
right SexyMcSexington 
THEN you can have more power...but not before
I misspoke SerNemesis lol
I'm sorry
I meant you don't compete with women
most men want relationships
we compete with the state
women don't have to compete against daddy beta bucks
nah that's for providership
state cant snuggle
from the government
yeah sernemesis
but netflix can sorta
Tell that to my American flag pillow
there are also more men than women
i feel bad for any pillows you have DG69
i hope they are regularly dry-cleaned
Lol that's fair
there are also pets
who are women thinking they're competing against?
SerNemesis: there are also more men than women <- not true in the West
but damn it feels like it
if you're competing for like 20% of men, the chances of you being hot enough for them is almost 0
unless you work REALLY hard
it's true SexyMcSexington 
the natural birth rate is something like 104:100
more men in the marketplace yes
yeah but men die a lot more
waaaaaaaaay more
so it comes to 49:51
only once you get to like 50 years old
its the cold statistical reality of our disposability
i mean the average man is worthless outside of the money he can make
to society most men aren't worth more than what you can financially get out of them
there are 107 males for every 100 females aged 15-64 in USA
105 at birth
then why do the census ratios show 49:51
more men are poor
and don't do the census
men die earlier after that
all homeless are men
it is 0.75 for aged > 65
hey now i once saw a homeless woman
once
so overall is 97 men for 100 women
lol
if you count all ages
ok
the seniors throw everything out of whack
Im here to jump into the fray
maybe when i'm 80 i'll be cleaning up with the ladies
#teamwoman, brief me on what's goin on
and which position I need to man the machine guns from
#downwiththepatriarchy
Lol
we've decided SP needs to join the IRC
I think Architect and SerNemesis are wrong, for starters
witzie the women are boasting about how much easier a time they have int he SMP
not #teamwoman but we're arguing about how much work is required to be competittive in the SMP
and we're arguing that it isn't the case
SexyMcSexington: too
and RMP
he's also wrong
when are SerNemesis AND Architect both wrong at the same time
never
impossibur
let's see who's wright
right
madscilove: 
AtlasB: 
aZombieKitten: 
dragoness: 
did I miss anyone
DG69: 
sexist
DG69: 
yep
witzie don't you agree it is just as hard for women to get relaitonships as it is for men?
that bitch is right too
DG69: is not woman is just sloot
Hey now
.tell DG69 sloot
AtlasB I finished legends of the fall 
Shame tingles
much sad 
back me up witzie
many feels
so cry
I know!!!
Yay
lol that woman was so alpha widowed
from the moment she laid eyes on tristan
Right??
she went through all those brothers!
right down the line
one after the other
lol
I m so glad you liked it 
I think these old movies show
people fell in love with whoever was around them
Yep
wasn't really a huge pool
lol
i'm just glad my generation missed a big war
and didnt matter if it was both of your brothers sloppy seconds
witzie's topic change
1
IRC
0
what bromance9 why?
FINISH HIM
wars are good
Architect++
they fix the gender ratio
w00000t
I'm so high
sernemesis, i don't want to die?
Lolol
sweet
AtlasB: say funny things
just draft dodge
war means i get to play with big boom toys
well they're good for building alphas, thats true
Omg AtlasB is the coolest
Wtf
just ptsd no big deal
I'm cracking up
Architect: the subject changed naturally because I proclaimed #teamwomen as the winner
I can't read
so there's nothing more to talk about
you were wrong sorry
AtlasB: you better get some glue for yourself then
witzie is the referee
don't shatter!
Lololol
war wounds = instant alpha
Omg boooo architect
!?!?
i want to help her stay together
i wonder what missing a leg does to your SMV
this song is AtlasB 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ElORM9O-0U
she's so hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiighghghgiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh
high above meeeeeeeeeeeeeh
Ololol
she's so loveleeeeeeh
lol
i wonder what a shattered skull does to your SMV
she's so HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGHGHGHHGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
SexyMcSexington that runner with no legs
looool
He had a hot gf
witzie++
nooo
We have a foot of snow
That he murdered
he was also an olympian runner
us too AtlasB 
True
DG69: lol, he has prosti legs
oh yeah in South Africa right?
So pretty 
you descriminater
you
Yeah
she ran to the bathroom or something
and he chopped her up
sucks
and ate her
nah
and he trapped in the closet her
Sucks indeed
I remember her being hot
hotter than him
thats the only reason people cared
which was weird
He wanted her legs
because she was hot
LOL DG69 
too soon
chicken legs
She was like a model over there
scrolling reddit, im like "oh hey i recognize this guy"
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/428xq6/i_fucking_love_being_a_trump_supporter/
lol
Tiger Wood's wife was also a HOT model. 
I think CWM is gay for trump
the judge was immune to the victims feminine charms
lots of smug in the air
the porn star he cheated on her with was SO HOT before
she was one of my favs
women should be against female judges
Why
female judges are usually better, they don't damsel women
exactly sms
they know bitches be cray
Stupid man judges
It's your own bros fucking your shit up
#TeamMan
BOOOOOO
let me hear it ladies
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
man judges should be like "25 to life, slut"
who's right, architect?
"but im here for petty theft"
"I said 25 to life BITCH"
"how's your shitty vagina now?"
#TeamMan
*gavel falls*
yes thats the problem with pussy power
lmaooo
lol
r/pussypassdenied
SHIT, I forgot about that subreddit
I watched orange is the new black
I know how to get pregnant by a prison guard
if i browse r/mensrights too long i have to counteract it with r/pussypassdenied
that show's first season was awesome
DG69: are there male prison guards?
it's second season was ok
actually it was horrific
In the show yeah
then it's third season was alright
There are
then I remembed how much I hate Jenji kohan or whatever he rname is
how any of u guys watch these shows beyond episode 1 i have no idea
Do you watch any tv bromance9 ?
not really dg69
Hmm
tv is le awesome
i tried watching parks and rec to raise my RMV at one point
couldn't keep it up
Damn
that show never interested me
community
it's always sunny in philadelphia
both much funnier IMO
Omg architect we could so date
if anyone hasn't seen it yet, check out peaky blinders.  starts slow but it's great
i have a computer why would i watch TV
when there are virtual russians to kill
All I really require is that the guy likes the same tv shows as me
yea, im pretty cool DG69 
lol
I think we do watch all the same stuff
except for MaM
if he watches different shows and has sex with you
haven't tried the third ep yet
is that a hatefuck
how does a women hatefuck a man anyway?
Yes SexyMcSexington 
use teeth?
"I'm going to make it sooooo dry for you"
Slap him
lol sms
sits on his face?
oh good point DG69
Tell him "fuck me like a man bitch"
all of those would just give me more boner >_>
lol
"you don't even watch IASIP you dumb pussy"
"fuck me like you do"
Lol
You fucking jabroni
STOP
using my word
how did you learn of that word
i dont see your  name on it
You don't own that word dude
only I have used that word
Yeah sms
my name is on it
it was given to me
by the Rock
no jabron's name is on it
lol
DG69: im going to rock bottom you and lay down a people's elbow for that
hawt
Very
Bring it on ponceleon
they call me...
EL TIGRE
...CHINO
EY EY
Omg I'm gonna watch that now
lol
doo eeet
seigneur chang is my hero
lolol
Starburns is hot
AtlasB were you high when filling in my spreadsheet?
just actually read to the bottom
"whats up tiger lilly" 
notes: 
lol, when they made an episode claiming starburns was dead
I believed it
"gets too long eventually"
I was sad
genuinely
"probably too stupid to watch"
http://i.imgur.com/Pk60KBa.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/aZBlUb9.jpg
tattoos: dont do it kids
i wonder how long it's going to take until clothing is just skin tight suits
also, that looks awful
From "meh" to "omg why?
there's a lot to not do in those photos
she looks a lot fatter without her clothes on
weirdly
do clothes usually slim people?
I guess they can mask the rolls.
Actually, yeah, they can mask things.
If you wear your pants up higher, for example.
yeah often they do
if you dress well, yes, it's common knowledge they make your body look better
especially women
interesting
and especially black
not white thought
so that's weird
white usually makes people look worse
unless you're hot
I guess I have solipsism 
I think I look skinnier with clothes off than on
that's why only hot girls wear white yoga pants
well, you wear dresses
do I?
and fuzzy pyjamas
or pants
I wear pants like 70% of the time probably
60% maybe 
I only wear skirts
i wear pants like 100% of the time really
I used to hide my chub by wearing my pants up a bit higher.
like if I wear my cheapo comfy clothes I look baggier 
cuz they're baggy clothes
nah
most people can understand that it's a skinny person in baggy clothes
like in winter
well, most women just freeze cause they wanna look good
but men definitely look kinda dumb
I have never seen that before
what do you mean?
women freezing themselves because they wanna look good
oh, yea, totally
women wear leggings here
yeah 
I like the frosted look 
all year
so I douse in liquid nitrogen before going out
it's like -35
still in leggings
witzie: that's hot. Don't be spouting that in here
SP might not like it
it's not hot
it's very, very cold
witzie has style
llol
she has sick threads
cold as ice
You know that you are as cold as ice to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjwV5w0IrcA
yesss
everyone sing along
.context
man baby https://redditupvoted.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/babygates1-e1453097536970.jpg?w=584
http://imgur.com/gallery/6C3XQTE
he should beat that baby til it doesnt bother him
is that how babies work?
pretty much.  throw some cheerios on the floor and let them graze
hah
That is a cute man baby
http://imgur.com/gallery/KObHdnF
what about her tattoo?
that chart is interesting architect
tattoo looks old
picture is bad
might do 6/10 beers
interesting
Is that your rating or number of beers you'd need
Or both
beers that I need
she's pretty hot bro
it's a new rating system
imo
there is something off about her
I thought she was hot too
keep in mind 6 beers is not even me tipsy
only a lil bit tipsy
Lol
this is kinda old, but it encapsulates what I go through when I watch a movie by m. night shamalayan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTwOhFJ7Ylk
https://www.facebook.com/failarmy/videos/544765982287235/
that's just embarrassing 
LOL
awww
loool
hahaha
vegan: sacrificing credibility for great skin
yup
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/429na2/i_sleep_in_my_crushs_minecraft_bed_when_hes_not/
which one of you posted this?
"I am a late 20s gal"
WARNING! incel language detected!
That running video is my favorite thing in my whole life right now
"Sometimes after we stop playing for the night and he goes to bed, I'll turn back on my PS4/MineCraft just so I can make the trek to his house and snoop around. Even though it's just a stupid game for some reason it makes me feel a little closer to him when I look "
lol DG
"This is adorable. It kinda sounds like he's totally into you too. Have fun and good luck! :)"
no it doesn't
I always imagine how it would sound if a guy did the same
RedManBearPig
it is a guy
no need to imagine
no. I actually believe this is a chick
girl/gal is totally regional 
he is a cunning incel, he knows how he will be received by being a chick in the story
we still don't see the response if it was a dude
I dont know why you're so convinced its a dude
I'm not convinced it's a dude
not you
damn, I'm just thinking it's all about me
how self-absorbed 
within the context of PPD, this is epic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zoAWX82DZA
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/40e6p7/help_me_trp_you_are_my_only_hope/
what the fuck am I reading here?
what a whiny, jealous little bitch
I'm still on the second paragraph but I can see this being a legendary friend zoned incel snow flake
OVER A FUCKING LESBIAN!!
lololol
this is a ne wlevel of incel
incel Prime
"Her new girlfriend's so pretty and rich and all her new friends are so interesting and popular...."
I CANT WORK LIKE THIS
http://imgur.com/1i8ktd3
her eyebrows are triggering 
hmmm
nothing worse than a black hipster
https://www.reddit.com/r/TumblrCirclejerk/comments/427s5n/men/cz89li9
the fuck is up with her
hahahaha
I love our bot
yeah I said it
but....but
https://www.google.com/search?q=black+hipster&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiOpIT9v7_KAhVC5RoKHfh_C6EQsAQIGg&biw=1920&bih=1080
around here they tend to be less...any of whatever the hell you just linked
way more...https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dd/e1/da/dde1daab71b5dc8a9c3bbaf63e8ac211.jpg
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/c8/47/ea/c847ea7cf46837cb1d2ff397e9317b9a.jpg
ugh that seems like a lot of work...
now idk what's happening in that picture but I'm not mad
the miley cyrus dye job.....
noooooooooooo
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/429373/why_do_the_girls_i_date_get_so_offended_by/
yeah, I hate it when I say racist shit and people think I'm a racist 
lolololol
fucking dumb niggers
what? 
why are you looking at me like that? what'd I say?
hahahaha
mmm black hipster girls
yeah. I approve 

https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4284a7/should_i_hide_my_good_memory_for_higher_smv/
I think I've found my soul mate
can someone please direct me to the nearest TRP dating site?
that's like a super beta
good
somebody will create a dating app for it
that means hes my type
I have an excellent memory for random, trivial bullshit about people that creeps them out
a TRP dating site would be so awful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIyW_-6IILk
"Nice pics. I love a girl who's not afraid to hide her chub."
this is why it needs to be a thing architect
what would compell a woman to behave like this
lol
"I don't mind that butterfly tattoo girl. some guys might think they're trashy but it kinda suits you"
that's a nuclear neg lol
haha
I'm not gonna lie
I'd probably cry about not getting to go on the lake too
oh. Oh, she needed a cigarette 
I double feel her
"just take the bitch to the lake and drown her"
i couldnt watch the video. she sounds like such white trash
lolol
this video is actually fucking hilarious 
purely because of how her husband is reacting 
plus i don't like to see people getting humiliated on social media
I mean, that's a dick move to post that but goddamn, this is great
loool
lol
i would film that
that's hilarious
women having melt downs is genuinely funny
oh my god, this bitch can't even take herself because she got a DUI
qwhat makes you say that?
she said she can't 'because of the interlock thing'
LMo
LMAO
that's funny
i didn't catch that
I just have supersonic hearing
https://www.facebook.com/mediatakeout/videos/1132161953482417/?__mref=message_bubble
WOOOOOOOORLD STAAAAAAAAAAR
HAHAHAHAHA
read the comments
the song...oh my fuck
"nigga summoned his ancestors"
I can't breathe
"slapped the civil rights movment right outta that bitch"
I'm dying
lolol
I like how he announces what hes going to do before he does it
"get me a switch BOY"
lol
he's old school
dude's like 60
"He gave her like a whole 3-6 months wait before her slapped her. She just sat there and waited. Smh"
RIGHT!
"She thought that her white privilege forcefield would was sufficient, but his slaps predate that technology and proved far more superior. He knocked the shields out this bitch, and smote her with the might of a thousand Nat Turners. "
I'm done
LOL
I need ot use the word "smote" more
for real
I'm glad I got you guys quoting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7qD6uUjCBg
"Ex-Marine beats wife at divorce hearing!"
oh Florida 
poor lady 
she married a marine
it's kinda interesting when you think about that stuff
he is a man who kills people for a living when you think about it
how?
it's not like they all kill people 
oh of course, it's just an interesting thing to think about
oh
okay then
he beat the fuck out of her though
in court..
jesus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CY4gNBf2n3o
okay, that's enough youtube for the day :(
i'm already depressed people
maybe she needed to beat up
oh good, she's not actually dead
lol
childbride
wtf
she's so pretty
am male
can't comment
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/426hcb/i_am_a_ugly_looking_guy_who_has_no_friends/cz7yy3q
okay now you're just bullshitting 
just no
that doesn't happen
he might fuck well off in his range
but he isn't fucking girls above 5
I find guys in either camp (i.e. looks are EVERYTHING or looks don't matter!) to be equally delusional 
also yeah
I find this one little bit of TRP to be extremely irritating 
yes all men like hot women, but if you're like...bonafide ugly you're not getting them regularly bro
how about never
unless it's paid
well you know...*I* didn't wanna be the one to say it..
but yeah, its not happening 
also, dating or trying to date solely waayy out of your league comes with a whole host of issues 
right
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xtdf/what_percentage_of_the_opposite_sex_that_you_come/cz77xth
ah yes, a white woman downvoted for liking white men. 
because how dare she
if she had said black men, probably wuld have been downvoted too
The only correct answer is Asian men
yep dragoness
lo
*l
she isn't even joking
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/41zgga/i_gave_a_guy_hiv_and_i_dont_care/
damn dude. that took an even darker turn
hold on
idk
they never said
generally speaking there is a low chance that the guy got HIV from her
I want to call fake
see how I responded before you could even go there
we don't know it
*its a she
She?
no
The guy who raped this "she" had a very, very low chance to get hiv from her
I could definitely believe it
<RedManBearPig> The guy who raped this "she" had a very, very low chance to get hiv from her
wait, I guess I'm misunderstanding what youre trying to say
female to male HIV transmission has a 1 in 159 chance
(just looked up a study)
yes, its very low
my point is, im pretty sure this is a dude
hm
a lying bitch?
picture a twink
well, don't picture it too much
might get a lil excited 
ew
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/421yd3/gap_between_sexual_drive_and_values/
please oh please can a redpiller explain this to me?
"But shes prone to periods of rumination and depression, and I am completely unable to be attracted to her in those moments. She comes on to me, especially to give me oral sex, but I am unable to reciprocate or receive. When I see her as fragile, I cant feel sexual towards her."
what's so weird about that?
idk, a lot of guys apparently seem to get raging erections for insecure, fragile women
ew
insecure and fragile women are disgusting to me
"im a researcher in something very related to the social psychology of identity, so I know everything there is to know on the theoretical side. Ive read every important psychologist and philosopher from the last century who has written on the subject, and many others from past eras. Ive published papers on some of them. But every once in a while
this problem comes back up, and I think I might have figured out what triggers it."
the humblebrags
lolol 
nigger not even humble
that's just straight up in your face academic bragging
..that hard "R" though...
hard R?
nigger vs nigga
okay, it's 1:30 in the morning and I'm all out of water. 
literally dying over here.
how are you out of water?
drink something else
we're in a drought that's how!
nah. I rarely drink anything else
sody pops?
and so I have nothing
I could drink tap water but that's basically the equivalent of sticking a straw in a swimming pool..
ew
I just inhaled like a gallon of water. I think I'm drowning 
nice
how did you manage to inhale it?
forcefully 
sounds hot
like chugging it?
it was very not sexy
trust me
I trust you on this
how good are your beerchugging skills?
poor
I don't really drink beer
winechugging?
you misspelled vodka
damn
you probably know how to get fucked up proper
you should see me in Vegas
AA is mandatory upon return
sounds solid
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/4272qa/this_community_alone_shows_how_different_we_are/
this is just a drunk love letter to TRP...and men
wat
fuck
wat a homo
I'm loving the comment about the gay flight attendant at the end
"Gay flight attendant has taken my confidence and chattiness as IOIs"
nah...I think he took your IOIs as IOIs
this is the gayest thing I have ever read on TRP
reminds me of that chubby h3h3h guy "Only men deserve our respect. Why aren't we fucking men yet?"
hahaha, yes!
how many of his videos have you checked yet?
weirdly I'm watching one right now
about teen sexting
I think I'm on my 4th. He's married :(
he is
and he is jewish
well even I knew that
I believe he actually comes from israel
oh great. I'm about to watch the one about how Jews did 9/11
wat lol
haven't seen that one
lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCMdvOeGA-8
http://citybeat.com/cincinnati/imgs/media.images/17206/lgbt.widea.jpg
Lol
Too long
this shit irritates me
Why
they've got more letters than the alphabet now
Not yet
:P
in my day there were only 4 letters..FOUR!
You sound old
:P
I am. 
Lo
What
You are like 24
yeah
Thats not old
so like, middle aged in TRPland
I have the concussions from hitting the wall to prove it
Now you are being dramatic
I know intersex exists
but
you still have an identity, female or male
What is it
generally speaking, yeah red
intersex is when you have XXY or XYY
congratulations, you're a hermaphrodite
nah
you could be a hermaphrodite
that is intersex too
What else is
I thought that having an extra X or Y in your genes was also considered intersex
but fuck, what do I know?
I have a life with healthy individuals
ask your beard
At this point it probably has developed its own conciousness
my beard is only interested in pussy
(   )
did you just copypaste the face dragoness?
No where in the documentary was there any mention that there was sweat found under the hood of the car belonging to Avery. 
my bad, mispaste!
also yes, yes I did RedManBearPig 
lol
oh man i shouldnt have gone to sleep at 3
http://www.thestar.com/news/crime/2016/01/22/verdict-in-alleged-harassment-of-toronto-feminists-could-change-the-twitterverse.html
,8 lb
.8
i guess thats a pound
this is real http://www.amazon.com/Wenger-16999-Swiss-Knife-Giant/dp/B001DZTJRQ/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top?ie=UTF8
lol@ the Q&A
Question: can we see a photo of this knife in the closed position?
Answer: No. Unfortunately, closing the knife brings too much mass into one location causing the formation of a small black hole. This is not covered by the warranty. 
Question: Where is the Flugelhorn?
Answer: Right in between the warp drive and the creme brulee torch. 
Question: "Fiber optic tool holder." Really?? If I buy this thing and find out I'm not able to work with fiber optics, I shall be sorely disappointed!
Answer: DO NOT express your disappointment within 100 feet of the Majestic Knife. It's always listening. And watching. It never sleeps. 
hehe
this is even more real http://edition.cnn.com/2012/06/18/us/adidas-shackle-shoes/
lol
the snow makes everything so quiet
its amazing
what is snow? post pics for the desert ppl
view through my kitchen window https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/pybXAZFe/20160123_092536.jpg
that looks amazing
SNOOOOWMAGEDDON2
its at least a foot now
i have to start making beef stew soon
taks 5-6 hours
my poor h ha sa lot of shoveling to do
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/looks-like-job-for-feminism.html
lol
this is great https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmSiRjbx1lU
Optimist: The glass is half full
Pessimist: The glass is half empty.
Feminist: The glass is being raped
hah
loool
http://heretical.com/science/kanazawa.html
fuck this
that is actually not controversial, asians are mostly engineers and not theorists
The June 14 post prompted plenty of criticism from around the Web, with many commenters saying they felt the shackle invoked the painful image of slavery."
http://heretical.com/miscellx/ah-rape.html
good morning
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/what-we-should-learn-from-lack-of.html
what's the skype group you guys hang out in?
don't think we have one
not sure
ppl skype sometimes spontaneously
it snot a grup per se
ah
minecraft dropped dead
So much snow omg
i knowwwww
yay
How much do you have AtlasB 
people stopped?
We have like 14, and another 10 may show up
I wasn't able to play due to shitty internet
no one plays
at all
cept that stranger guy
and ive done basically all i want to do
by myself
.ping good morning
why does this post require 57 replies
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/425kbz/cooking_for_a_man_who_doesnt_like_vegetables/
Lol
Idk. Didn't we have that same post last week?
Which stranger guy, I'm on a lot
i dont want to ping them
if my h aske dme to give him more veg and then picke dthrough the food an dmade faces and didnt eat them id stop
hi
hello AtlasB 
We need to load some mini games onto the server
whats mini games
hi bee
Hi Moldador
i fyou know things that make it fun by all means
mini games suck
:x
Well at least it's something
Can we start killing each other yet?
No ones ever on
That was the point
Teams
[13:50:20] <Moldador> maybe you should consider install a protection system
[13:50:36] <Moldador> like the "golden shovel protection"
[13:50:51] <Moldador> players can protect their homes and chests
[13:52:03] <Moldador> AtlasB
[13:52:15] <Moldador> btw these are some mini games
[13:52:17] <Moldador> http://www.minecraftguides.org/mini-games/
[13:52:24] <Moldador> littlebee how young are you? :D
you don't read the other channel
The song in this intro makes me want to watch the mini series (even though I'm sure it will be terrible) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUAvTn3uz5w
thats blue oyster cult
they did a pretty good job with the mini series
thats one of the few stephen king books i coul dtolerate
you didn't like Tommyknockers? :'(
Lol me too. I think all these ladies complaining about what their husbands eat
the only book that gave me nightmares as a kid 
Went from wife to maternal
or Firestarter! that book was amazing
I vaguely remember a scene where the government paid assassin talks about how the russians are "our enemies" now and the arabs will be next
hey AtlasB and protopill one question
i dont read him mostly
its very low level stufff
like dean koontz
you dont learn anything from it
what sern
is it illegal for police to spy on privileged attorney-client conversations?
it's mostly imagery 
i think they can spy but can tuse any of the evidence so why bother
i mean you can do anything
right
and poisoned fruit if they get any useful information
cause i was thinking
if i committed a crime and made it next to impossible to prove
my one weakness would be the need to talk about it
but that is what the lawyer is for :D
stephen king tends to play on U.S nostalgia a lot but he has moments of brilliance in his prose
why would you want to talk about it?
its not nostalgia when your worlds still like that
RedManBearPig: everyone has to talk about it
heh, good point
how about just keeping it shut inside for your own safety?
you don't know if your lawyer is safe
doesnt matter if hes safe
you couldnt be prosecuted onhis ratting you out
hm
didn't know that
I just finished reading Hannibal. What a brilliant novel. Hannibal Lecter was a hero! Had no idea. Have to find more of Thomas Harris' works
She's saying that her husband wants to eat more veggies for his digestive problem
08:29:54 <@AtlasB> you couldnt be prosecuted onhis ratting you out
right
rmbp it might not be the case in other countries
its a constitutional thing in the US
yeah
I don't even know what the deal is here
i cant decide if melly hamilton in GWTW is an intj or not
im pretty sure scarlett is ENFP
melly could be infj
I've always thought that brett was a mixture of different personality types
Idk that's tough
rhett
But he's a grown man
right
She can't force feed him
dont blaspheme agains tmy good book
im watchign the movie becaus ei found it streamign for witzie
Lol
bhutt
Love that movie
i love it more every time
Scarlett o hara is the queen b of cinema
i can imitate mammy and prissy so good
i used to make my mom pee hers pants laughing
singing
That scene when she rolls up to the party
a friend had her whole family watch it
Looking like a sloot in red
"jes a few mooooo days fo' to toteee the wearyyy load"
And she just... Owns it
her kid asks why scarlett was so happy the next day after she was carried up the stairs
Every character is great. Even her mammy
ashley is infp maybe
He's a softie
What's Rhett?
"because they made up" lol
entj i would think
melly is serious, intellectual, earnest
but shes full of feelings
I assumed like most guys that GWTW was a girly movie. How wrong I was!
yep
my h loves it
he always watches it with me
he loves rhett
an dmammy
No it's an American classic
I now use it as a litmus test
its the great american novel
When folks say I'm not American Cuz I haven't seen Indiana Jones
I say
wait, what??
"But have you seen gone with the wind??"
whats most amazing about it
is 1. a single female character carries 1700 pages of book and 4 hours of movie
and 2. its a story told from the losing side
Just amazing
is ashley an dintj or infp
do you think
Hmm
I'd say infp
im at the scene where scarlett throws th evase
best scene
She's not trying to, imo
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/425kbz/cooking_for_a_man_who_doesnt_like_vegetables/cz7vjs5
rhett walking away like a boss at the end of the movie
fantastic
he knows what's up
But Scarlett isn't broken!!! 
I need a rewatch while I'm snowed in
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x23xv39_gone-with-the-wind-1939_shortfilms
Why is she finishing dinner while he's in the midst of rading?
"I'll lock the door!" "Why bother? If I wanted to come in, no lock could keep me out." CRASH!
yeh lol
best scene ever
love that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJvZQumfxB0&feature=share
wow this bitch is annoying
the fact that men today think that movie is girly, explains a lot
*raiding 
that a man like that is unrealistic
Meanwhile that's the man women really want
omg
ive seen her before
The tall dark handsome man. Charming. Mysterious. Masculine
so annoying
so fake
thats what women believe is a "personality":
I think men really went wrong when they started caring more about styling their hair than growing their character
hes so much mor einteresting in the book
they skimped on him
an dashley and charles hamilton are poorly cast
don't you know how bloody important my hair is mashakos?
charles hamilton was supposed to be very good looking but shy
I just tell the barber to use blades 3, 2 and 1 
Why is she emoting so hard?
witzie: why are you torturing us? her voice is grating........
Is that cute to men?
no its repulsive
Z thinks I know nothing about muscles Cuz I'm a girl lol 
I was starting to have a headache before I xed out
scarlett crying over ashley at her own wedding
RP nightmare
Lol
they should call it "Gone with th eRed Pill"
Alpha widow!!!
Omg AtlasB 
Let's watch that for rpw movie night!
Or read the book
I actually recommended GWTW as a movie that could encourage sexy time over on RPW
I am so bad at remembering names  
 I think you have a special connection to that red pill era
Sexy time??
What
AtlasB I watched that movie last night and I already forgot the name of the white girl who dated all those brothers
oh yeah
me too
lol
what was her name
so was she infertile or was alfred?
If I tried to get R to watch gwtw he'd laugh at me
who knows
I have no idea what her name was
isnt that scene
omG
when she runs into tristan an disabelle 2
and the boys
yeah lol
shewas jellying hard
like 20 knives in the heart
I never much liked her 
isabelle 2 was more my type of girl
no she snot likeable
of the land
I loved isabelle 2
Sunhappy> If I tried to get R to watch gwtw he'd laugh at me <-- WHAT? lol
i had no doubt you would 
I was so sad when she died
i love when the colonel says"shcrew um!"
R can't sit and watch a movie for four hours
about the governemnt
About the south
my h has always had shockingly sophisticated taste in movies
and in art
he should be taking notes from the way rhett tames that wild raven haired girl
he likes ballet but hed never admit it
"look at these hands. I could tear you to pieces with 'em"
rhett is the man
witzie wasn tthe scene with his brothe rin WW1 devastating?
I like ballet way more than any narrative play
yeah kind of 
and the landscapes
they were stupid for going
yeh
but thats what young men did
Like GWTW, a narrative play on film
I tried to watch lawrence of arabia, but the lead looks gay as fuck
lawrence of arabia is overrated
but dont you bust on peter otooole
te lawrence was gay
hey, it was a different time 
he was a hebephiliac arabist
he loved going to arab cos to fuck boys
Isn't that because Lawrence of Arabia was in CinemaScope
So it dazzled people back then
peter otoole is astar of my 3rd fave film
the ruling class
Hello! How is everyone doing today?
rulingclass?
therulingclass?
ty bot
I don't know, he came off as way too effeminate in lawrence of arabia
and fussy
thats british overcivilized effeteness
and he wa sliek that
at least, during the first half hour
you want to watch the grand british empire adventure
I'm sick
watch john hustons man who would be king
watched it
sean connery right?
Oh no! Do you have an ample supply of chicken noodle soup at least?
if it's the one I am thinking of. Sikander!
yes!
Lol no
that was a brilliant movie.
yep
great film
i cry and cry
it was racist as hell but I didn't care
"and danny held peachy's hand, andpeachy held danny's hand"
yeah
the ending hit me in the fels
feels
that sucks. Sorry to hear.
have you seen dangerous liaisons mash
my h loves that one too
he was trying to do right by the brown people, but then they had to judge him on technicalities... :'(
but men think its a womans film
heard about it but haven't gotten the chance to watch it
traile r  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbB2oBlP2uI
lmao john malkovich looks like a total fag xD
what is the premise?
I'm snowed in for the day. I'm okay with it, by my SO is starting to get cabin fever. lol
it was written in that era
aside from dangerous liaisons
by a courtier
chaderclos de laclos
a man and women make a wager over his ability to seduce the perfect angel wife
and compete with each other
ok, I'm sold
replete with RP goodness
usda prime uma thurman
I can tell that it will have a lot of manipulation in it
its all machiavellian
thetwo of them
lol
valmont and mme du merteil
plottingall the time
yep, right up my alley
which reminds me
you ever watch the unbearable lightness of being?
no
i dont care for whatever it is
youll find suggesting things to me to be an unpleasant and disappointing experience
lol
it is a good movie!
it's basically what angry terpers wish their life was like
but it shows female suffering in a way that I have not seen achieved in a movie since. You really sympathise with the poor girl.
how is barry lyndon a "firgotten classic"
who "forgot" it
lol
no one
I guess I have. Never watched it.
It is Kubrick's least acclaimed thing besides his truly forgotten early work
Maybe only eyes wide shut has less acclaim than his auteur era work
Kubrick got lenses from NASA
NASA!
i love barry lyndon
eyes wide shut just screamed "movie written by an old man with old man sensibilities"
also full of RP goodness
To shoot candlelight only scenes in Barry Lyndon
thast you misunderstanding eyes wide shut from a BDSM perspaective
eyes wide shut is not abotu bdsm or fetish
its about the elite
Only digital cinematography can shoot candlelight like that now
and their mutual blackmails socieites people who are stupid believe ar e"occult" in any real sense
the elite negaging inthose parties ARE old
not yuoung bdsmers on fetlife
its hieratic ritual
I'm not talking about the sex stuff, I'm talking about the characters and their motivations
i wish he had lived to complete AI
yeah, Ai kinda sucked
Well, I would argue the sensibilities of Eyes Wide Shut are antiquated
they are
i loved AI but speilberg child molestered it up
like he does everything
oops
eh, it was too on the nose
Spielberg may be lying, but he claims that Kubrick wanted "a Kubrick production of a Spielberg feature"
how does that keep happening
i like it though
made me cry
Contrary to popular belief
thats the test
lol
guess I'm a psychopath
no you just lack cosmic pain
Air sucked
AI*
i like it
its not my favorite or anything
Like I have said, I love the character silhouettes and the elements
I mean sure, the kid is innocent even though the world thinks he's useless junk
loved gigalo joew
but there wasn't much of a plot
worth the price of admisison to see him
but i love jude law
lol
But it has that Spielbergian sentimentality
I was bummed there were no female sexbots
had to put up with watching jude law... bleh
And Spielbergian shots where it highlights CGI rather than masking it
you know
the female android face scene was true art
literally. They didn't have the software to automate the effect
it had to be done by hand, frame by frame
considering how seamless it is, kind of amazing
CGI isn't exactly a frame by frame thing
http://iwdrm.tumblr.com/
don't give me a headache Lonny_Z 
we know you're a mac user
they did that scene frame by frame
They model and render everything, only 2-d animation is truly frame by frame
they shot the actress turning her face upwards and downwards, then masked layers by hand
I am being technical here
sure you are, like a typical machead
Wire removal is frame by frame
dude...
nerds
go find behind the scenes footage or something
AtlasB your notes on "whats up tiger lilly" made me laugh irl last night 
It all depends
"gets too long eventually" 
"probably too stupid to watch"
lol
now I have to choose that one next 
well the gag wears thin
obviously
watch gone with the wind
just watch soem of it its silly
lol
hey what are those called, cinegraphs? 
"be quiet, or my mustache will eat your beard!"
that kind of humor
So Apocalypto has gotten huge recommendations lately
Who has seen it?
I have. 
worth it
is it new?
omfg
nah
we have a streaming link watch it
I wish Apocalypto spawned an entire subgenre of Native American movies. Aztec movies.
witzie watched it the other day
oh wait that movie
still have to watch it
my hand i watched it like 10 times
the snl skit on Apocalyptico was fantastic. I rarely find snl funny but they did a great job https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5F5q_wAxHg
I feel a huge bit of sympathy for Native Americans
They were annihilated and bred out
I felt the opposite
you only hear about how brutal and bloody the conquistadors were
looks like the mayans weren't much better
mayans and aztecs were really savages
I thought they were all peaceful shamans picking flowers watching butterflies and crying slow tears when someone litters
hahaha
no these people were brutal
I wouldn't say savages, more misguided 
human sacrifices everywhere!
12:29 PM <Mashakos> I wouldn't say savages, more misguided  
yeah
only white men have agency
so I agree with that
they thought blood kept the world turning or something
Hahahaha
witzie++
I'm actually being serious
everyone knows it in the back of their heads
lol
I think that they would still be around if they took white ppl seriously in the beginning
what about the non-whites that have agency though?
Don't do that witzie
they thought cortez was quetzalcoatl
returned
right
motecozuma is a tragic figure
they were all like "hey! tourists. more blood for us"
he tried to parlayy with them
They were savages
like the incan king atahualpa
it wa soutside their ken
like an alien invasion
But they were so beautiful
ofcourse white people are beautiful
you should ALL READ THE BOOK AZTEC by gary jennings
and it was really disease that killed them off
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aztec_(novel)
dirty white man's cold!
the human sacrifices was part of their undoing
it was like ebola for them
they wasted millions of men on the flower wars
poisoning their own water with human bodies
ppl subject to random sacrifice dont acheive things
was it random though? thought it was captured warriors and the odd virgin
lack of individualism didn't help
My internet is on slow mode
the whole sacrifice thing was probably invisible to them
no
they had flower wars
the way death penalty inmates are, surely?
no
youre worng
they were grea tpublic spectacles
yep
what are the flower walls, in a nutshell?
thousands rolled down the steps of th egreat pyramid of tenochtitlan
at its dedication
and sometimes people with great strength willingly threw themselves on the blade
the flower wars were fought for kaptives
with feather edged weapons
like tag
theyd capture 100s of each other sppl
for sacrifice
AtlasB> they were grea tpublic spectacles <-- what I'm saying is, the crowd weren't petrified they would be next. It was very specific
no
AtlasB: Aztec is on my book list
youre wrong
lonny read that and his book the journeyer
about marco polo
ok I need to read about the flower wars then
because it sounds retarded
huiztilopchtli demanded blood
probably why the civilisation's growth was stunted
thats what i was saying
that and lack of draft animals
and metal
one of the surrounding ppls had bronze
but the aztecs themselves had only stone
odsiduan
obsidian
and lack of draft animals forced more relianc eon slaves
and meant they didnt really have th ewheel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Journeyer
I mentioned something a while back about europeans honing a trust based social structure, you ignored it AtlasB. You suck. 
i probably didntsee it
but yes
high trust society
caused by the ending oof cousin marriage
and xtianity
the breakdown of the extended family
as ones primary social structure
it really is the difference between the 1st world and the 3rd world. Nothing long term gets done in the 3rd world because there is little trust among independent groups.
cousin marriage is th eculprit
of that
http://www.uwgb.edu/dutchs/pseudosc/toxicval.htm
Okay, so I am wondering what people will say to this: I was taught in school that if I were showing ownership to a person like Gary Jennings...I should write Gary Jennings' The Aztec, but I always thought Gary Jennings's The Aztec looks better, but Elements of Style says it should be Gary Jennings's The Aztec....what does everyone here think?
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/42bqs6/how_to_get_ltr_to_break_up_with_me/
there is a lot of "milk as much of the first agreement as possible" going on in africa/asia because there is no trust in a prolonged professional relationship
and there are many who would scam you outright because they have no belief that it benefits them to keep a business relationship going
there was a syrian guy here who kept a real estate business going for a full year,
before stealing the annual rent payments from eleven sky scrapers and leaving the country
made out with millions
there ar eno third world concepts of "good faith" " arms length deal" "clean hands"
the third world is the third world because of its values
not for any othe rreason
it's easy to tell when this is the case and when it's not - look at the country's economy
a country like malaysia or singapore, they are learning from the west
I really want everyone's input, so I will post this again: Okay, so I am wondering what people will say to this: I was taught in school that if I were showing ownership to a person like Gary Jennings...I should write Gary Jennings' The Aztec, but I always thought Gary Jennings's The Aztec looks better, but Elements of Style says it should be Gary Jennings's
The Aztec....what does everyone here think?
https://hbdchick.wordpress.com/2012/05/08/iq-and-the-wealth-of-nations-table/
it should be gary jennins'
your way is jennings-iz
I have been wondering if everyone else was taught that for about a month now
and I see that
but I have no problem with "jenning-iz"
I doubt the accuracy of that table - many countries don't have extensive testing in schools
"jennings-iz"* 
IQ / psych testing  that is
th emethodology is explained in the book
like, conversationally I would avoid saying this, I would say "a book by Gary Jennings" or "written by Gary Jennings" but in writing I would like to say "Gary Jennings's"
rights
interesting
my sisters name ends in -eez sound
like 
Ceres would be an example
and half the time I say "Ceres' book" 
the other half "Ceres-ez book"
so I say both
thats not her real name
that iq table
look at israel
i guess they had to get all the dumb jews
right, conversationally I might say "Ceres-ez book"
https://np.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/41t3r0/fr_advice/
do they test arabs in israel
lol!
in sure they test the israeli arabs in israel proper
i dont knwo what the palestinians do
1/5 of israel propers population is arab
lots of them are christian
ok, OP is a faggot. It's a shit test and he failed
palestine 86
she didn't actually ask for a threesome, just said that, probably out of insecurity because OP is mrping her
http://www.ttu.ee/public/m/mart-murdvee/EconPsy/2/Lynn_Meisenberg_2010_National_IQs_calculated_and_validated_for_108_nations.pdf
if i even said that to my h hed kill me
I didn't realize muslim countries are so dumb
like IQ 80
average IQ is 70 in muslim cos
witzie: she was using light banter to get an amused response from him.
whats the black average IQ?
in the world or us?
in US its 85
us
instead he wet his pants
wow
so muslims are that much stupider?
thats amazing
i can link you to decades of data
in the thirs world tho
a lot of it is iodine deficiaency cretinsim
ppl dont know
but the "slackjawed yokel" stereotype
of th eUS hinterlands and holers
was iodine deficiency cretinism
cured by mortons salt
holy shit
Nigeria is 67
how do these ppl function?
https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&es_th=1&ie=UTF-8#q=audacious+epigone+black+IQ&es_th=1
that's clinically retarded
its retarded to white ppl
if I was IQ 67 I would be in special ed
right
thats the problem
probably never be independent
like in US you may interact with 85 IQ blacks
who are hyperverbal
that's less than half my IQ
adn dont have downs appearance
in whites it would be visible retardation
the NAEP is the federal department of education studies
its not some white supremacist nonsense
all of thedata used by the gov and states to craft education policy
and its undisputed
ppl dispute the causes
ut theres no alternate data showing any other iq scores
IQ 60 is nonfunctioning
I dont understand that
that's way worse than forrest gump
gump was like 80?
maybe less
75
not terrible, but pretty low
can still have a happy fulfilling life
if you accept your limitations
my experience of the middle east is limited to the UAE. They don't test for IQ on a national level here. Either in schools or for employment. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/417xdd/if_apacalypto_was_made_by_a_noname_director_it/cz0ff68
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42a7in/while_my_boyfriend_24m_was_away_for_four_months_i/ 
be careful losing that weight WingN 
lol
Witz why do you think those countries are hovels?
Watch the vice doc. On liberia
Africa is hidden from white ppl
but a country full of IQ 60 people has to be like idiocracy
just wanton stupidity eveyrwhere
a complete joke
I thought 80 was retardation 
how do you run for office by pandering for the votes of a horde of literal retards?
Im a redart 
Africa is a joke
like you might as well campaign on a platform of "brawndo, its what plants love!"
that's the level of people you're working with
a complete joke
I'm in?
Hi in I'm witzie
you watched idiocracy too!
love that movie
Hello. First time using IRC for me
I thought I was a mutant, everyone else I know hates it
well, it isn't a good movie to me but the concept is great
why isn't it a good movie?
I don't know I guess it's not really a masterpiece
I just found it entertaining enough
I just mean the "filmmaking" isn't that hot
Mike Judge is funny in a way few film makers are
afk
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/as-zika-virus-spreads-el-salvador-asks-women-not-to-get-pregnant-until-2018/2016/01/22/1dc2dadc-c11f-11e5-98c8-7fab78677d51_story.html?tid=sm_fb
yikes
that came out of left field
retard virus
https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2015/09/ad_182533896.jpg
EUEEEUUGHGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH
ok yeah dont get pregnant around the virus areas
fuck
and that baby's IQ is probably still higher than most africans :v
racist?
Oh man, that thread...
some redpill on stormfront
https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1139852/?s=3e277a48f58bde7dc2ef34e57b668ff5
could be a PPD post
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/BDSMcommunity/comments/427mo0/nonheterosexual_couples_in_this_community/
"I'm a special snowflake and I demand to be catered for!"
these fucking 90s kids are getting annoying
Snowflakes within an already minority community? Jesus.
this is why for all my kink talk, I cannot stand the BDSM "community"
*in spite of
it's nauseatingly PC
Why do you think I left the community? I got enough of that trying out FL.
I feel ya
its all female imperative BS
if theres a ciommunity and "rules"
its female
yes, you are absolutely right
I agree with that.
the most literal example of that I can remember
was when the op of an extreme BDSM irc room added more rules after her "Master" started spending more time with new girls from the room than with her 
I was an op in the room. The day she sent out an email with the new rules, I got the fuck out
Well, the female subs are almost always the center of attention.
its all topping from the bottom
when men are dominant theres no rules
It is.
fo rthe man
there sno rules for my h
A lot of the girls are what would be called "brats."
and theres no hieratic playacting for me to get off
hes naturally dominant, it snot for my sexual delight
and if he gets mad theres no safe word
right
thats why i didnt liek taken in hand
aZombieKitten> Well, the female subs are almost always the center of attention. <-- true but this was supposed to be a "strict protocol" room with Gor rules 
just encourages women to act out so they get "dominated"
I imagine the original "community" was very different.
the whole premise of the room was that it wasn't going to be run by the female subs
if i act out agains tmy h he does not dominate me in any way anyone woudl consider "fun"
AtlasB> just encourages women to act out so they get "dominated" <-- that is the definition of topping from the bottom
1:54 PM <Mashakos> I was an op in the room. The day she sent out an email with the new rules, I got the fuck out
what were the rules?
that sounds funny
Coming from a former brat, that shit is really annoying for true dominants.
Red pill needs to have it's own dating site. I can't tell you the disappointment I have when I visit a handsome guy's profile and I read things like "if you're bossy, or consider yourself a know-it-all, I'm interested. I love to cook and clean. I want to be in a female led relationship". *welp*
some of the rules: women were supposed to greet men when they entered. no male submissives allowed. women were supposed to answer when spoken to unless devoiced. any woman refusing to serve a man drinks (some lame irc role playing) was kicked.
No male subs allowed? That's a curious rule.
Were female doms allowed?
nice to meet you Passerby6 
they were, but they were not allowed to treat the women the same way male dominants did.
how old are you?
Wow, a true ruling by the subs.
Hi witzie. I've never seen you on rpw. I'm 34
I'm Kelly_C
Is that even a thing? I never saw it when I was online dating.
That's incredibly gross.
I think it's fetishes becoming more mainstream
the room worked when the ppl in it acted naturally. Once more rules were put in place, it got ridiculous.
I can imagine. 
Well in that case, its a good thing they say it right away, that way you know your not compatible before you even waste your time.
I actually put on my profile that I was more red pill than blue lol
what dating site, okcupid?
Yeah
Thats where I met my BF
The community really does encourage crappy behavior that wouldn't otherwise be tolerated by individuals.
you have to ask yourself what kind of 35+ year old man is on a dating site 
the good ones are married
the okay ones are dating in real life
Divorced ones...
there were submissives who were owned, who were given devoice status as a matter of course. Then the "slave" op proclaimed that room rules supersede relationship dynamics. That was the end.
room rules supersede relationship dynamics <- looooooool
That's the problem with giving a slave op.
But you know what? My mention of red pill on my profile has brought so many young guys messaging me. Like 10-12 years younger! 
all the dominant men in relationships pretty much xed out and forbade their subs entry into the room.
including me
Understandably so. 
It's frustrating
which youve judiciously ignored
AtlasB: just encourages women to act out so they get "dominated" <- hmm i shall ponder that
dont put that on your profile
theyll think you want to be  a plate
Why ?
Argh
I don't put out that vibe though. 
You just think you don't put out out that vibe.
Don't ponder it. It's become the reality in the community.
Being on a dating site by itself counts as a point for "that vibe"
Forcing doms to punish for their personal entertainment rather than how it would normally occur.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/42bq7w/women_in_ohio_who_have_an_abortion_may_have_to/cz94p0d
literal molech
:/
there are some gor rooms that I like. In one room, the op asked a sub to entertain the room with a few lines of lyrics from her favourite song. she hemmed and hawed. the guy replied "type ly"
I want to see you typing out lyrics. now.
she replied with "lyrics"
got kicked 10 secs later
wat
I would say as a general rule, don't talk about RP in real life.
that's how you deal with brats. No nonsense.
Yeah, that's a proper reaction.
Rather than first threatening them with "punishment."
^
It's generally a nuclear thing to ever discuss it.
I don't
are these irc rooms
If its on your profile, thats real life
the example was from irc, yes
I find the whole concept of that so cringey
what concept?
Granted, I wouldn't be here if my ex didn't go nuclear, but still. It's a usually a major faux pas to do that.
I know it's supposed to be a polarizing topic, but I don't see it as such. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42atwk/boyfriends_mom_50s_f_broke_into_my_basement_found/
a bunch of most liekly obese weirdos masturbating to an irc channel
with "rules" and "protocol" and "doms" and "subs"
in that room? the guys were mostly in relationships
"i'll show her hurr hurr KICK"
older
"lyrics" hahaha
If a good man comes by and googles Red Pill, he's going to see a bunch of angry young men, and seeing you associate yourself with them only makes you look bad.
wasn't about role playing over there. That's how they deal with women.
why does the bot hate me drok?
ROFLOL
in an irc channel
big big man
much dominated
so scare
But your not really gaining anything having it out there specifically if your profile keeps RPW values.
Yeah, that's why I left the community, though. It's just not worth being around.
oh they were not being dominated. That's silly role playing
I guess
Just note RPW things but don't outright say "I'm more RP than BP" or anything of the sort.
Otherwise you're inviting TRPers, which you generally do not want.
the men and women had to show they could handle being in the room. That meant any "obese weirdos" looking for wank fodder were kicked as well
Take that from my own experience dating a TRPer. It's not pretty.
Haha
How ironic
TRPers vs naturally RP men -- very different people.
the "rules" in that room: men were to act in a way that deserved respect, women were to listen to the men. That's it.
I have no idea what y'all are talking about right now but nope
most of the conversation revolved around politics tbh
still sounds cringey as fuck
give me a drink Mashakos 
or I'll kick you
I'm a dom op
J occasionally reads TRP.  He has a copy of MMSLP.  He's managed to keep his head on straight, though he's not one to get/take advice from the internet.
Naturally rp is very hard to find
alright, that part is cringey, have to admit
DO ITTTTT
Isn't that one of the rule he said was cringey himself, though?
*rules
I want a drink tho
Sure, but you generally are not going to want TRPers. Trust me when I say that.
Most guys have the potential to be RP if you stay out of their way.
Most of them are sitting in the anger phase and are just not pleasant to be around.
very funny little girl
you aren't proving a point
give me a drink 
So cold and tired :(
I agree, the guys on that sub are a work in progress, you don't have time for that. You need a man thats a man now.
What are you ladies up to?
I already think the whole serving thing on text chat is ridiculous 
lol
I'm having my coffee, Sunhappy. :)
but let's say you are going overboard with the teasing
Enjoying the snow :)
I'm snowed in and borrrrred
Lovely yay coffee
if it was in a room full of dominant men you'd get kicked
We made snow cream yesterday.
Not sure how much snow is left to enjoy here.
same rule applies for weird guys who PM all the girls on the chat list
I made the mistake of dating a guy that was going through a divorce last year
What a mess
or say stupid shit like "kneel bitch" to a woman who was in the room for four years
Ouch, I can imagine.
Waste of a year
Sorry to be negative lol
either way there is never a happy medium. It's either SJW infested rooms or Gorean rooms with silly role playing and talk of alien drinks
My co worker is dating a man still married
so I lost interest a while back
But they don't live together so it's okay lol
Foolish
2:21 PM <Mashakos> either way there is never a happy medium. It's either SJW infested rooms or Gorean rooms with silly role playing and talk of alien drinks 
so Im not wrong then
it's always cringey
Wow.
Yikes
yeah, it was just that the gor rooms had some positives
but not enough to ignore the other stuff
She probably thinks once they divorce he'll be so happy to have his next wife lined up!
Yeah. Two years
for example, a woman can ask advice for pleasing her man, she wouldn't get brow beaten by a misguided SJW
Nah she broke up with him but then went to her last ex
Got tired of him Cuz he wouldn't "date" her
Lol
Does rpw advise against making the first move when you meet a new guy? I bet 
So went back to most recent ex
or a discussion can start on dealing with brats without anyone in the room getting butt hurt
Ex's need to stay ex's
Passerby6: are you new?
OR a conversation can start about responsible dominance and accountability on the part of men, no one would complain 
I am
Hello! Welcome
kind of like this room actually
Thanks:)
Yes, its not RPW to make the first move
I don't see your name on rpw  Sunhappy 
 Sunhappydc 
I thought so. 
Although you do want to show interest.  Eye contact, smiles, maybe a little flirting
Oh, Passerby6, did you PM camille already?
I did
@azombie
Okay. :) Excellent, then.
So over the snow
I'm so in my feels today
I need fat or something
I've showed interest kittenkajira , but there was one guy that was super nervous
He'd try to talk to me, then he'd flee. 
Lol, let him go then. There are plenty of other guys that aren't afraid to talk to girls.
http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-35353310
witzie
here is a good example that you guys might find useful: a woman asked opinions on a "scene" she was thinking of setting up for her partner. The advice she got was that she shouldn't plan things in advance but bring it up as a suggestion in conversation. That way if the guy doesn't like it, no harm done. If he does he will set it up himself. Win win. 
Fat? Like ice cream?
Haha, I love it when people flee like that.
It was maddening lol 
One friend of mine literally fled when a guy tried to ask her out.
Just turned the other way and RAN.
because she was intimidated or because he was low smv?
A little of both.
Wow. I tend to just laugh alot, or smile uncontrollably
Thats how I get Passerby6, I go full ditz mode when I'm nervous around attractive people.
But this guy that fled, he was super hot, like Clark Kent
I just can't really talk when I'm around attractive people.
He made me nervous!
Well maybe it was because you found out his secret identity. :p
Fat like eggs
And cheese
Carbs
Yeah. I like when a guy if a bit nervous, it humanizes him. But jeez, ask me out
How old are you?
.context
And how old are the guys youre talking to?
Hey
Me? I'm 34
I'm 27. I had that issue until I aimed older
Like 40s
I try to talk to thirties. 
Finally oner stuck
I would recommend 10+ years older
But they aren't as attractive:/
Guys in their 30s are looking at younger ladies
Well
Neither are you compared to women in their 20s
Exactly
I look pretty young though
But a man at 45 will see a 34 year old like your abs say
She's cute and younger!
I'm open to forties, I just need to find one that's attractive to me
What are you looking for?
Are you trying to date younger than you?
My only criteria were nice smile and average sized arms.....
Which matters to me I've learned!!
Because if you are, you have the extra competition of even younger girls.
I'm not trying to date Young
Are you looking to settle down? Start a family?
But I have guys either 25 or younger try with me, or 48+. There no middle ground
Id like to yeah
Why did you wait so long?
Then I'd almost definitely say go older. 
Your window is much smaller
Like 5 years max if you're lucky. Don't waste it being picky
Idk where you live but there's plenty of quality guys in their 40s
I was in a relationship for 8 years. With a guy 6 years younger than myself. I don't know why I stayed, the chemistry wasn't ever right, but we were so good as friends
Mmhm.
Maybe divorced or with kids but since decent guys
8 years?
You were in a relationship for 8 years with someone you didn't really even have chemistry with?
Was marriage ever even on the table?
I finally left. It became unbearable, sex was a chore
He wanted marriage.
So why didn't y'all marry?
But you didn't?
I didn't want to. 
How early was marriage on the table?
Why do you want to marry now and you didn't then?
Pretty early. Like 2 years? But I had always scoffed at the idea. My parents were divorced and I didn't have a good model to learn from
Why did you stay with this man if you didn't want to marry him? Why not let him go be with a nice woman who wants to marry him?
That's terrible.
Bc I realize that I didn't want to with him
Are your parents still divorced?
What changed?
Why would you subject him to that?
Did you stay with him out of convenience?
Because it sounds like you didn't really love him.
I stayed bc we were very close, he was great otherwise. I wasn't in love with him. 
???
Well
That's not how romantic relationships work.
What is it with women and this "he's my best friend!" business?
And now you're 34 and even more picky then when you actually had options
It sounds like you realized your clock is ticking.
I know. It doesn't make sense. I haven't *not* felt guilt since I ended it. I know I was in the wrong
And a little too late, at that.
 He has to be with a girl that loves him
2:37 PM <Sunhappy> My only criteria were nice smile and average sized arms.....
Sunhappy++
You should have realized this a lot sooner, Passerby6. Now you're in a bad spot by your own fault.
Please don't despise me. I'm living with my mistake
I know. I take full responsibility
LOL
I was following my mom's model for dating. She would stay with guys 8+ years when she knew they were wrong for her. 
...
How did you not think that was a bad idea?
But if you knew better
Why repeat bad history? 
None of this matters now I guess. You're 34, single, with no kids thank god
^ At least you aren't a single mom.
You could salvage this, but it will take more work
But you are going to have better luck dating older men.
Yeah
Men right around your age are probably still interested in women younger than them.
As I've said, I didn't have a good model for a relationship, I was drifting
So 34-year-old isn't going to be as attractive as 24.
At all!!
Looks aside
Men are thinking fertility
Yeah
You could be the bees knees but if you can't bear a man some babies
He's more likely to next you
I get that. I do
At mid 30s it's actually the main reason men finally settle down
What are you smv stats?
I don't know what that is?
Describe how you look
Honest please
And don't just give a number.
Because we can't do anything with a number.
Weight. Height. Hair length. Dress size. Stuff like that
I'm 5'8. 150ish Brown hair and eyes
Small boobs
I have a Bob, bangs
All decent
What's your personality like?
I have a great personality. Warm, I can take a joke. I like banter
Feminine
katsumii_: You having some issues? lol
Describe feminine to me.
I'm very giving
Thoughtful
I wear skirts, dresses, .. Although I know that's just the outside
There's something wrong here if you're having trouble attracting someone (aside from general waning fertility).
Hey, aZombieKitten
I do attract guys
Apparently so! Yeah! It's our internet connection. On top of that, Quakenet doesn't take well to DCing. :P
I just don't get out much. 
As in you don't go out on dates with the guys you're attracting?
I'm in monk mode right now bc I want to move where I have family. So I'm off the table right now
how far away is your family?
like miles
About four hours away. I moved to my current city with my ex :(
But I hate it here
how long ago did yall break up?
Two years ago. I've tried to get used to it, but I don't feel at home here. 
have you had a relationship since then?
even short term?
someone tell me if this is rpw, but i feel like after a certain age, monk mode shouldn't be that long
I've dated. I dated the one guy who was going through a divorce all last year. I really cared for him and was willing to stay local
what happened with him>?
is his divorce final?
He showed me a considerable amount of interest for someone going through a divorce.
But he was military. And when his orders changed, he seemed to lose hope
i'll rephrase
why did you break up?
we have some ladies who have military partners
Well, I ended it bc he became very distant. 
granted, not ones still legally married but still
Oh dear. :c
Was that about the time his divorce became final?
Like he had to go for a training in Hawaii, and he didn't contact me for days
well, what i gather is that you are comfortable in relationships that don't progress
I honestly don't even know if its final yet
I was . but I'm not now. I wanted it to progress with him
but he wasn't really available
i mean, he wasn't. 
Very much so. I made a fool of myself
objectively here, think over this while in monk monde
mode
You don't really have time to be in monk mode, either.
your first super long LTR of 8 years, a man wanted to marry you, you turned him down then stayed another 6 years until your mid30s
Especially if you want kids.
and then your next LTR was with a man who was legally married still
and that went no where as well
If his orders hasn't changed, I know he'd be the amazing guy he was in the beginning
but you don't even know if he's divorced rightnow or not
idk if his orders even mattered
why do you put yourself in such terminal romantic relationships?
i don't say that be harsh, i say it because at 34, you don't have the gift of time on your side anymore. even for things like "dating"
a year is a long ass time to throw away on a nonavailable man at your age
They did . he was supposed to be deployed for 2-3 months at a time. And we talked about that, and I said I was OK with that. But then it changed to him being deployed for 6-9 months possibly
Then he lost hope
Then it all changed
R wants me off the computer!
He pulled away
so i'll shall return later. bye
OK. Bye
ah
sorry wrong chat
disregard
I know I'm a mess , guys
Look, it sounds like so far, you've been with either men you don't like or men who aren't available.
There is a common problem here--you.
You should not pick someone who you know is not really available from the getgo.
You don't have a whole lot of time to just sit around anymore and pick poorly.
Yeah
You need to be smarter in who you're picking right now. What are your dating prospects like offline?
It's hard bc I don't go out really. I don't want to go out alone, and I go out with a gf maybe once a month
You need to get out more, step 1.
Make friends.
Don't sit at home all day.
Find some ladies with mutual hobbies.
It's hard to make friends as an adult
Go to meetups for those hobbies.
People are paired up
I don't care if it's hard. Try.
I hear you on the making friends as an adult part Passerby6
If you don't try, you'll just be setting yourself up for failure, anyway.
I know
Do I go out alone?
Try something like meetup.com
Oh, I viote for Meetup.com
*vote. And jinx
Haha
Yeah, I've done that. 
How often do you try out the meetups?
But I just want to get out of my current city now
Are you planning to move?
Most of the women in our age group are in things like "sassy moms of (insert city)"
:D  seriously it's something I started using in my hometown, then I moved out of state and it pretty much saved me from wallowing around or awkward struggles to make friends
But you can find groups
Life is passing me by
Try a walking or hiking group
I'm trying for spring to move
For now, look into the groups in your area.
Would moving improve your chances of dating and getting married?
You think I should devote time to meeting people when I don't even want to stay?
It'll help you learn to be social
Yeah I think so. 
Er ... at the very least, it's about the topics and activities
In my opinion
Otherwise you'll move and be in the same situation
I get your point now, hone my social skills
Yeah, it's good to practice being social, for sure. It's not exactly an attempt to make best friends or something
I'm going out with a friend next weekend. 
To where?
A karaoke bar
So Idk how American this is
But is your friend married?
I'm terrible at making friends. I stutter and it makes me very self conscious
No she's single
So that's your problem too
Learn to be social.
In some immigrant circles
At least getting the practice in will be useful.
We try to hook up the crew remaining single file
Folks
By group dating
So married people will bring their single friends and try to work since magic lol
That's thoughtful
Your single friend is nice I'm sure
But she's not gonna make it easier to find men who want to settle down
awww man detective lassiter is so cool
My married friend never wanted to go out
It's like pulling teeth
So don't
Do a dinner party. Go over and help out. Ask her if she knows any single guys or relatives of her husband's
Married people with kids hang out too lol
She's brand new to the area. Im her first friend
So?
So she doesn't know many people
Married people have a larger network then singles
As my h is wearing his $500 snowsuit
How cute
im home
no one worry
Lol
this is gold http://i.imgur.com/BlN0KQZ.png?1
I just ordered these 
http://www.shoemall.com/p/ryka-studio-d-womens/?&color=Grey-Pink&searchterm=520555&catalogKeyCode=SMLW054&utm_source=Email&utm_medium=OrderConf&utm_campaign=SMLW054&searchcategory=link
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yaJGFdhNkU
Just give it a try. The dating scene you're used to isn't meant for women your age
Hulu stopped letting you swap commercials? TIL.
Oh, those are cute, AtlasB!
Lol I expected heels
I don't wear heels
Doesn't your H find heels slutty, anyway?
can you see this giant snow drift https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/8q2kQR5S/20160123_154616.jpg
He'd never let me wear heels out
Wow, that's a lot of snow.
I appreciate the advice
Thank you
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/42ao10/what_is_something_you_thought_you_wanted_in_a/cz8x7na
hmm
I'm going to do some work now. 
doesn't add up.
Ttyl
What doesn't
either there isn't enough variety to match his stamina or he is losing interest
Being on a site that won't let me download things unless I let them run ads reminds me why I use adblock.
Those are the only explanations for a woman wanting sex more often than her boyfriend?
those ar ethe explanations for a why a guy with high libido would think his girls wants too much sex
What if she simply has a higher libido
or he could just have a moderate libido, his ex had a low libido, and his current gf just has a higher libido?
that seems like a way more natural assumption
He only thought he himself had high libido because his past girls were low
He was high compared to them
^
But he's actually moderate
in that case he's not high libido
And new girl is high
but a high libido guy thinking it's too much? only if he isn't getting creative with his girl's horniness and going for an all out performance every time
My friend broke up with a girl cause all she ever wanted to do was fuck. I agree with DG69  and witzie 
look he said it himself
he has a "high" libido, his new gf has an "extremely high"
what is so difficult to understand
what kind of man announces that he broke up with a girl because she likes to fuck??
witzie> he has a "high" libido, his new gf has an "extremely high" <-- ah yes, I missed the compensating tone
mm I just had the best breakfast
Best beef stew ever
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/FNhqFEkP/IMG_4137.JPG
oo nice
fried potato hash with onion, apple, veggie sausage, and stuffing and gravy with sage/thyme/rosemary
Stuffing for breakfast? That's new
AtlasB do me a favor and ban me for a few hours so I can clean my apartment
lol
lol
ban me forever and i might wash a dish
my beef stew is too hot
lol
 a single dish
i need to vacuum
is he incomprehensible?  https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42bas5/discussion_on_what_shit_tests_actually_are/cz96vjd?context=3
and set this new rug
Witzie you Have a problem 
this irc is problematic
ooh you know what would be cool
an IRC studies course
Let it All out 
IRC & Internet philosophy studies 
thats at least as legit as Gender & Womens studies
and African American & Minorities studies
when you don't log on here, you definitely have a lot more time
and focus
ok here's the game plan
who volunteers to get on skype and read IRC to me while I clean?
you have to type the responses I feed you too
lol, i like how you've made this plan
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/chinese-reflections-on-europe.html
I have laundry going behind me so I'm disqualified
And you have to do different voices for different people 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvB3h85xSVw&app=desktop
lol, americans can't winter properly
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/chinese-reflections-on-europe.html
oop
http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/637276/Johannisbad-baths-Rainer-Kallweit-Zwickau-Saxony-Germany
so my dad's moving to Africa on Tuesday  but my step mum and siblings are staying behind. Rather than spending the last 2 days with him my step mum has gone for a spa weekend with her friend because "it's been booked for months" leaving my dad to look after the kids am I the only one who thinks that's just shit? 
is your dads wife not moving with them?
do they usually get along well?
13:20:27 <Katniss_Granger> so my dad's moving to Africa on Tuesday  but my step mum and siblings are staying behind. Rather than spending the last 2 days with him my step mum has gone for a spa weekend with her friend because "it's been booked for months" leaving my dad to look after the kids am I the only one who thinks that's just shit? 
yeah
no she's staying over here to look after the kids, they're only 8 and 13 
why would he be moving to Africa?
that is just shit
he's a logistics manager for the UN
(Kidding)
haha 
ooh cool he works for the evil UN
i'm not sure how bad that is
I mean if it was booked for months
you don't want to cancel on your friend
can always make the 2 days before that the last 2 days
its not the same though is it
she's his wife, she should be able cancel on a friend to spend time with her husband before he leaves for 3 months
they're rich, cancelling a spa weekend is nothing 
they won't be visiting during those 3 months?
nope 
he'll be doing 3 months in Africa, 3 weeks back here for the next 3 years
im just annoyed at her..obviously im more protective of my dad than i am of her need for a massage >.<
someone commented on her fb photo saying "shouldn't you be treating him to a night in before he leaves?" and she said "I've been doing that for the last 13 years!" erm...drinking a bottle of wine while he watches your shit shows with you and rubs your feet isn't treating him to a night in.
hmph.
wtf
witzie: late to the conversastion, but "IQ 60 is nonfunctioning" is clearly wrong if you think about it 
what's the IQ of a dog? is a dog nonfunctioning? 
if a person has the measured IQ of a dog, that person is in very deep trouble. if a dog has the measured IQ of a dog, you can't infer anything about the health of the dog
dogs can't function competantly in human society, as a human 
as an economist? yes
dogs can indeed function competently in human society 
not as humans
yes
that's the problem
an IQ 60 person can't really function competantly in  (western, at least) human society
dogs can obey, and have jobs. They can't like...calculate their taxes
in any society!
you can't mix up the things
how is that person going to be independant, get a drivers license, have a job, file taxes
there is what IQ does, and there is what low IQ means
navigate beurocracy
low IQ means something totally, totally different for blacks vs whites
with an IQ 60
make informed, reasonable FTO life choices
a black person and a white person at the same low IQ level are radically different beasts
in the same way as a dog and a human at the same IQ level are radically different beasts
the human is a vegetable
the dog is healthy
I doubt an IQ 60 person can even navigate staying out of homelessness without a ton of assistance
also dogs have built-in instincts
humans don't come with pre-programming
some people have more built in instincts than others
they do come with some pre-programming
I have a high IQ but I couldn't travel to alaska and function in a wolf society
so an impaired ability to learn is a serious problem for a human
I don't have wolf instincts I don't know how to relate with their society interpersonally
relating to society is largely instinct
you can have very high IQ people who cannot relate to other people
it is a separate thing, to an extent
yeah
IQ is both a measure of general health, in the way that say running speed or reflex is a measure of general health, and a measure of intellectual ability 
people with cripplingly  high IQ tend to be born into families of normal high IQ though
so they get cared for
look how the kung san live
you dont need a high iq
to do it
people with cripplingly low IQ are often born into dysfunctional families of utter stupidity
and if you read nisa and hear her talk
you don't *need* a high IQ to function in the west either
all she talks about is who gave her food
and sex
as we can obviously see 
you need it to function alone
nobody functions alone
the challenge, in terms of functioning, is manipulating lots of other people into supporting you - somehow 
some of those ways require high iq
some of them don't
dogs do it pretty well 
let's be clear - you can be socially excellent and very very low IQ 
but very very low IQ ... FOR YOUR RACE .... is caused by things that also happen to fuck up everything else 
you can be likeable but I wouldn't say socially competent 
very very low IQ for someone else's race signifies much less 
you can be likable and socially incompetent, but it is unusual 
most of social competence is getting people to like you 
Being low IQ doesn't automatically mean you're a vegetable, it means you're slow as fuck
being very very low IQ... for your race... means that you're fucked up 
I know a guy that's low IQ and he does ok socially, and gets sexually propositioned by service workers all the time. Me and friends don't know why. He's not good looking
maybe he is good looking
and you cant tell
I'll get like "nah, I can't stay, I have to go to work tomorrow" and he'll be like "...why?" and I'll be like "...because I'm employed??" and he's like "..oh"
would you like me to show you a picture of him?
yes
but blur out his face for privacy reasons
lol
had a shitty day at work, but im glad i have a wife to come home to
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/pTDyK1gj/261760_10150283856358939_8282145_n.jpg
he has good aesthetics
meh he's not bad, needs to do something with his hair
good ratios
you cant see it cos you a man
but me
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/AZcDqdyh/45188_463408408938_6050956_n.jpg
PHWOAR
 moar
usdaprime
lolo
orhes not gross or ugly
and girls like long hair
I don't think he's gross, but he dresses badly, has poor social skills + low IQ = no one gets why he's successful 
how low is his IQ?
hes blond and has a masculine headshape
I'd say his IQ is fairly low. Like, he couldn't come in here and have a conversation
so that probably means average
in the social circle he's from, one of them is high IQ I'd say, the other is on the higher side of average and the others are average I'd say, he's considered the lowest for sure. 
they've talked about being nicer to him because he can be an idiot sometimes
but maybe
I'm just saying I personally don't "see it"
I can't believe it's still snowing
Apple is killing the 3.5mm jack...this is horrible.
it's 75 and sunny here, haha
Let's trade
i think youre confusing not very smart with low iq
yeh its crazy snowing here
I would say he is neither though
He's neither smart nor understands concepts without a lot of explaining. 
 like me then
aww 
lol, you're doing fine Jack4ss 
lol Jack4ss youre smart 
thats what all my teachers said
as i threw things at them
lol
Jack4ss: what do you do for a job?
deliver pizza
in the rain
how old are you?
23
I'm so over it
Interesting. Do you have any plans??
We're approaching 3 ft
im applying for apprenticeships in IT
do you have an education in computer science?
you dont need one
i dont
Oh. That sounds sick
See, not so bad
It's supposed to tapper off late tonight
I just vacuumed 
it was horrible
vacuuming is the best
VRRRVRRRRRR
there goes the dirt
bitch
VRRRVRRRRRRR 
there goes 10minutes I could have been on reddit
gone
forever
I'm never getting those seconds back
I'm 10 minutes closer to death
all for what? a few square feet of carpet? WAS IT WORTH IT?
dumb people on /r/relationships who don't understand why they're SO is mad at them for forgetting their birthday can handle themselves for those 10min you're gone Witzie
can they
can they really
why ar eyou cleaning, is someoen coming over?
lol
"I need help! I can't figure out my LTR. WHERE"S WITZIE!?! WHEEEERREE'S WITZIE!?!?!?!?"
I WAS TOLD SHE'D BE HERE
witzie is doing household chores like a good girl
R thinks gay men and feminine men are one in the same
yea, you'd think she'd have an indian guy for those kinds of things she keeps around
Interesting lol
maybe you could apply
send your cv in
What if a man doesn't want you to cook or clean? What do you do?
peg him
... Like.... What do you mean by peg?
I don't think so
I've known some femme straight guys
Do I find them attractive? Nooooo
Haha
But the ones I know always seem to have a girlfriend 
We were talking about gyms, how guys walk around naked lol
i think this is best for ppdafterdark
He said the only guys who'd look are gays
I said lol the girls I've been around would look around be insecure and thus not be naked
Lol he said for men to look around and compare and feel insecure is feminine, so like gays, they're the same
5:30 PM <Sunhappy> What if a man doesn't want you to cook or clean? What do you do?  
I agree there
well I already only cook 
so
I'd probably just keep doing that
I have to find opportunities to cook
That woman wouldn't be naked out in insecurity 
lol peg him
R is very set in his schedule.
if he doesnt want you to do something dont doi it
I don't feel like feeling insecure in and of itself is feminine 
I like cooking though
he doesn't have to eat it
if he doesn't want to
Yeah. The next girl would be busty or something so I'd feel bad gaga
Haha
He's open. There's so definite: do this, don't do this. He twerks me to be myself
Tells
what i meant was dont force it becaus eyou think youre "supposed" to
But if I feel like making something I ask and he approves or declines. No biggie
Ah
Yeah, I get that
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskWomen/comments/42c4w6/ladies_last_night_my_so_told_me_you_arent_the/
BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP
AFBB ALERT
LET ME REPEAT
AFBB ALERT
WHITE NIGHT WHITE NIGHT
Lol
What's wrong with what her so said?
well the guy slast night were horrifically offended by a gender swapped version
I can look a little bony when my weight dips too low and that always makes me feel insecure 
Lol they would be
But many of the guys here are kind of insecure
They would totally freak about the reverse
I have bikini scars :(
This is a man getting off the carousel with a woman who isn't as hot but provides him more comfort
"your dick isn't the biggest I've had but you're the best boyfriend"
Yeah lol
cue all terpers flipping the fuck out
Omg I'd never say that though
emotional apocalypse
It has to be comparable
Never remark on your bfs dick
Like ever!!
never remark on your gfs looks!
don't you see thats the same thing?
No
women are so insecure about their looks
Comparable would be like
Vaginal tightness or something
no its perfectly comparable
well women love to ask retarded questions 
To a dick?
dick size is to men as beauty is to women
no women don't care about sex performance 
that they want lie answers to 
in terms of how it would feel
liek they care about beauty
Women can fix their looks
right AtlasB 
that doesn tmatter
Men can't change their dick
call a man little dick
call a woman "loose vagian"
who get upset
Hmm
if you called a woman that
lol
the man does
I guess lol
shed look at you liek a dog at an unfamiliar noise
^
yeah
like who cares
wat?
call a man little dick
ROFL
then call a woman ugly
there was some story on reddit where the girl asked her boyfriend to rate her out of ten
or fat
and he gave her a 7 and she went into crisis mode
lol
frensell those questions are shit/comfort tests
not questions seeking true answers
thats a stupid spergy quesetion
I know I'm not a 10 
its a comfort test
but SP calls me 11 because thats what a good bf does
Lol
I know they aren't looking for a true answer 
We all have our flaws
"youre a 10 to me come here baby"
*stupid spergy answer
I mean
I'd never ask R to rate me
to actually give a specific number
i think you need to teach SP you cant get 11 out of 10
besides 10
but it's more understandable if the crushing remark was someone being honest vs said unprompted 
shh Jack4ss 
he's too low IQ to understand numbers
lozl
"Well Sunhappy how would you rate yourself? Cuz that's what matters"
<3 SP tho
my h was lettingmetalk about my feelings again today and beingsuper cute
and doign that jedi mindtrick thing again
i think he trying tnot to be super mean tome anymore
Aw
That's good though isn't it?
of course
atlas what does your H think of minecraft
I need to cut back on feels
I said my feels today about Facebook updates for the weather
Ava he questioned my understanding of the English language
Soooooooo
lol
i showed him my miinecraft world
he thought it was cute
That shut me up
Screenshot AtlasB !!
what feels did you have about facebook updates of the weather
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskWomen/comments/42c4w6/ladies_last_night_my_so_told_me_you_arent_the/cz96y5k
hahahah
Anyone every make those microwaveable cake recipes? 
I tried to "explain my side" as to why I couldn't say I got updates Cuz I didn't check Facebook
R is like okay so you DON'T have updates RIGHT NOW
 And I didn't understand
http://allrecipes.com/recipe/140772/easy-microwave-chocolate-cake/
So he went into paternal mode and explained get and getting
unfortunately
I do not understand this at all
I got annoyed lol. So in my feels I tried to explain
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42bas5/discussion_on_what_shit_tests_actually_are/cz9e2n0?context=3
And he paused and was like "okay, this is basic English language stuff"
So I went into stfu mode
powerkick is incomprehensible
i dont understand theexchange there sunhappy
was it an argument over "got" or "have"?
A disagreement
emilycharland was unable to make any good response to my comment so she hasn't responded: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz80265
over got or have?
sern she was snippy at me
I couldn't say I had updates if I didn't check Facebook to know for sure
He says you either do or you dont
what?
"Sunhappy did you get updates from Facebook about the weather?"
"Idk I can check"
"So you didn't?"
"I don't know babe. I haven't checked Facebook"
hahahahaha
ok now this makes sense
fially
" you don't have to do an action. You either did or didn't "
"I don't get notifications"
it's like the tree falling in the forest
"if FB notifies me, but I don't log on, did I really get a notification?"
" what do you not understand about my question??? "
Lol
"if a tree falls in the forest, and nobody hears it, did it make a sound?"
Yes witzie!!
"if I bake a cupcake, but don't post it on pinterest, was a cupcake really baked?"
I can't say yes or no definitively
oh yeah about the RPW banning AtlasB?
Not that far witzie lol
no
another comment
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42adrl/if_the_threshold_for_proving_rape_was_much_higher/cz9ayba?context=3
"youre being sarcastic but no women in human history ever believed they could dress provocatively and go about unattended and be safe, do you think something happened to change that besides women deluding themselves?"  
this is the wrong argument actually 
because I think women pretty much CAN walk around in mini skirts these days and not get raped
the vast majority of the time
and this is due to the overwhelming success of the anti rape hysteria imo 
teaching men not to rape works
anywhere else in teh world, any other time in history, women couldn't do the things they do now
i dont think thats what it is tho
its just gigh trust civilization
like be alone with men, drink with them, and expect to not get raped
but now they can
until they are
you never really got raped 
and you did all that stuff 
i was "date raped"
by feminist standards
i didnt care
i neve rwent alone with a man i didnt intend to bang
i was "date raped" when i was 16
by someone who became my best friends bf
whos name i forget
damian
I think 99% of the time men stop themselves when they could rape 
they doi
til the one
because of all these things, rape hysteria, legal hysteria, western feminism etc
and 1% doesnt
but who cares 
and if theyre middle class and upper
all that stuff
poor women dont get that
has made it 99% of the time cool 
compare that to anywhere else in the world
for white middle class owmen
any time else in history
agreed
but its part and parcel
it's worth it to me 
of allof anglo culture
but that's just my opinion
they werent getting rape din the 50s either
without rape hysteria
if anything
campus rape was a result of feminism
and confusing signals
girls didnt used to go drink alone with men
when my mom read about the immigrant attacks on women
women who were out late at night scantily clad in european cities
and she read the mayors remarks that women should cover up more, stay away from men, stay in groups etc 
she was very aghast and against that 
i think its the general domestication of western men
not feminist rape hysteria
she said "that's something IIIIIII will tell my daughters.  I don't want the MAYOR to be saying that"
were above trash white men raping girls in the 1800s?
"PERSONAL advice vs OFFICIAL advice"
because when it's official
right i agree
no i agree
it really does let the guys get off
like middle eastern countries
"men will be men"
it should be
it makes it become acceptable
this is OUR high trust culture
OUR woman can do this withotu worry because its OUR culture
YOU change
im not saying women should cover up
but it IS part of date rape
PERSONALLY I would tell my sister to be careful being out alone late at night 
i think women should walk naked and take the consequnecces of freedom
you cant have both
but as soon as the mayor is saying that, the police are saying it, when she's raped people are like "well, she didn't take the official advice, oh well"
and nobody cares about muslims raping anymore
I have a problem with that
yeh i can agree with that
i mean, i'd love to see women walking naked in the streets and being protected by police from assault
lol
what do you mean 
they are
people go naked in europe
and mostly don't get assaulted
right, that's cool
because white men don't really rape
random women on the street
at the beach
is archwinger white?
archwinger admits that the feminist rape hysteria laws and frenzy etc stop him from raping
aka he's making my point
right, so the feminists are helping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnSmykbbYx4 
I love this girls videos so much
shaving beards off feels cool
you girls should try it sometime
No I like my beard
me too
your leg beards
?
lol
there's a girl who rides my bus who has leg beards
You should try that architect
Shaving your legs
Rubbing them together
It feels nice
lol, I have manly legs in need of moisturizer
I don't think my naked legs would feel good to rub together
I also have manly legs
lol, how have you decided that?
your manly olympian muscles?
My calves are amazing
I can crack walnuts with them
loool. I'll be lifting judgement until I see them. 
canadian winter destroys my feet every year
So lately I've been rubbing coconut oil on my face randomly and I'm not even sure if that's supposed to do anything but girls are always talking about coconut oil
loool, it's a moisturizer I think
its good for the face
and makes you smell girly
Nice
My girl instincts were correct
i use a tiny tiny amount after shower
its good for the teeth too
Oh I have been globbing it on
all you really need to know to girl properly, is if it's a thing + a fruit, you put it on you
and it does things
I heard people use it in their hair too
well i have very fair skin, prone to oil
I inject 3 coconut oils daily 
lolz
straight into the bloodstream 
Lol
its not a miracle, i just like it and it works better for me than most everything else
chicks are supposed to mostly use it on hair I think
I dunno what it does though
and some girls say you're not supposed to wash your hair that much
or it loses volume
I think the idea is that some oil is good for it
yea
You don't want to wash it all out
Also, lice
and guys aren't going to notice
They love clean hair
right
and crabs
That's what we learned in little school
gotta shave off that pub
pube*
Yeah lol
crabs are going extinct because no one has pube hair anymore
Poor crabs :(
lol, they just wanna come to the party
share your super fun life with you
meet all the people you fuck
Why wouldn't they?
They care about me
"yo, this chick's got some SWEEET pubes bro! Lets jump on!!"
*party sounds*
have you seen the youtube video of gay dudes playing with a real vagina for the first time?
"Yeah this spots getting crowded - look, uncharted territory"
Omg what
How is that on YouTube
lol, it's great
one guy screams
"HOW DO STRAIGHT PEOPLE DO DIS!?"
Lol what are they doing exactly??
there's a girl and she is showing them her vagina, and they like...examine it
and comment
initial impressions
lol
review
"3/10 penis better"
Bizarre lol
they have another one with lesbians
playing with a penis for the first time too
6:28 PM <Architect> "3/10 penis better" 
to be fair, that's how I'd feel
Do you think most gay people realize they're gay before they have a straight experience?
what does DG69 do on a saturday
if someone told me to play with a vagina
witzie: lol, well, you're a straight woman
actually, I shouldn't say that...lots of straight women think women ar ehotter and vaginas are better and man parts are ugly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRACW-oL5Qw 
lol she had a crazy stalker
DG69: im sure some do
most gays seem to be realizing they're gay in like 7th grade before they've even touched women
and all their friends are like "yo, I wanna kiss suzy!"
and he's like "...I wanna kiss bobby"
That's true
Most people I knew seemed to know pretty early
me too
we have lots of gays at my work
they all know before even touching the other gender
I met a lesbian once who was kinda offended about me asking how she knew she was lesbian
6:30 PM <Architect> actually, I shouldn't say that...lots of straight women think women ar ehotter and vaginas are better and man parts are ugly
Women are grossed out by vaginas
that's kind of just her being a dick IMO. Gay people are still like <20% of people... I'm alawys curious when they found out they were gay
Seriously
I still don't know how they figure out who else is gay 
Vaginas are gross
my lesbian friend was banging her co-coach in soccer
and I was like "how did you know she was willing?"
and she's like "i just went for it"
yeah AtlasB 
do women really think that
like a man basically lol
that sounds crazy to me
AtlasB: some yea. I don't think the majority is
I think lots of women think women ar ebetter looking than men, artistically
not what turns them on though
around here anyway
I had a friend say that kind of stuff to me before she announced she was bisexual the following year
I should ask some of my lady friensd what they think of vaginas actually
that'd be interesting
have any of you seen pain and gain?
No
mark wahlberg is either ENTJ or ENFJ in that movie
Architect what are you doing today
i think maybe ENFJ
lolololo
you dont think the majority of women are grossed out by vainas?
please, tell me why you think that
I caught up on YouTube videos, cleaned my room, talked to a friend about his date, and then logged on
Then had supper
Then shaved my self
I think that just because it's always been my experience. I rarely ever encounter a woman who doesn't think women are better looking than men. Men's bodies turn them on sexually but most the women I encounter would wanna look at art of a vagina than of a pens for Eh.
Or a nude woman, not a nude man
women are bette rlookign then men
and vaginas
are not the same thing
women have prettier bodies, men have hotter/more handsome bodies 
but vaginas are gross
yes
thats how women feel
almost universally
but he thinks "men" has to include all men 
for that statement for some reason 
I can't say "I love men" 
or "I think men are handsome and awesome"
we had this debate already
remember
because its not "men"
its the ideal male form
right
and thenhow close any given man apporaches it
most womens bodies aren't pretty either  
not all men on earth
right
but I can still say the female form is beautiful
"the female form"
right
the male form must have been more beautiful in the past
https://i.imgur.com/f65F3Pg.png
back then
I think women are more appreciative of hte ideal female form than the ideal male form
"lifting"
meant bringing in the harvest
if we're going to talk about ideal
or killing a wooly mammoth
if you didn't do it
you didn't eat
now it takes discipline
arch yes
aesthetically
no one likes menbut gay men
lol
thats not VAGINAS tho
women arent as visualas men
I don't see the distinction
really arch
I don't get what you're saying
really?
you relal ydont
are th ewomen women find appealing spread eagle?
with their knishes anging out?
are you using "vagina" seperate from "body/form"?
of course
what does a standing women look like arch
a bunch of beef curtains?
you thjink when women say
they find the "female form"
so the question would be "do you find a vagine more appealing than a penis?"
more aesthetically pleasing
if I was to ask someone
they mean spread eagle knish/
wait
youre changign the subject
jus tonesecoidm
is that what you think me and witzie meant
by the female "form"
a spread knish?
the female genitals are cover
cevert
thats part of why the female form is more appealing
to women
I think what you are saying is women find penises more attractive than vaginas
you can't see vagina at all 
that's what bush is for
quote anythign i said
that could be REMOTELY CONSTRUEd
i dont find penises "Attractive"
as "penises are more attractive than vaginas
although i like them very much
I do find penises attractive
women dont like genitals at all
when they're erect and majestic looking
then I double don't understand
for the most part
sure witzie
and large
that part i can see
not floppy or wimpy
what does ":the male form mean"?
yeh witz i do too
thats a man brain thing tho
the male body. The way it's made
feminine women generally dontlikeweiners
every dude in a chat room sends a dick pic to a female
it makes me laugh
right
they were asking for it
;p
Well I don't
such male projection
because that's dumb
what if she asks 
well sure, im sure you're not one of them
the male form is the male body not "the penis"
http://www.katetattersall.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/sculpture-1820s-to-1870s.jpg 
fromhead to towe
do you see any knish
right?
the penis is part of the male body and the male form. You can't have a male with no penis
is penis what is meant by "the male form"
?
that statue has nothing between her legs, 
that would be an aspect of the vaginas attractiveness
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/a4/ac/92/a4ac92f43f15d1719f31d515c06dfd6c.jpg
thats how women look standing
it's hiden
I think the male form is beautiful too
the whole form is much bigger than just the penis
look at dat
right
https://historicromance.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/michaelangelo_david_1.jpg
but almos tno women love to lookat genitals
of either sex
I'd prefer to see David with boxers on
they may love their own mans weiner
but he has a bangin bod
go look at porn directed at women
is it all weiner shots?
women are aroused by being the objects of sexual attention
im calling out cora
linx
david has nice broad shoulders
call he routnicely shes sweey
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42adrl/if_the_threshold_for_proving_rape_was_much_higher/cz9gi0c?context=10000
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-bxZlP0I-vPk/UAQS8OSZFkI/AAAAAAAAAA4/svvMEPlR0YA/s1600/Laocoon+and+his+sons.jpg
thats one heck of a bod
wow that's really beautiful art
the veins
captured movement
that's what i was saying earlier
the ancients appreciated the male form more
so, women like the female form, but only the ideal of the male form, and dislike both genitals?
http://image.slidesharecdn.com/ancientgreeksculpture-130711041027-phpapp02/95/ancient-greek-sculpture-37-638.jpg?cb=1373515912
what arch? 
women like the ideal female form
you think we like fat women?
not being ideal doesn't mean you're fat
we both just said
its the ideal form for both
plumgem welcome to the chat are you an rpw?
and then how closely an individual approximates it
good comment drok
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42bas5/discussion_on_what_shit_tests_actually_are/cz9gki2?context=3
dude powerkick is insane
yeah cora tends to have correct logic, but her premises are unsound
i feel like she is just trying to see the good and its not always there
"good"
people shouldn't be trying to define things in terms of good and evil if they are not religious
but people want to live in a good world
t least shes religious
powerkick seems to have a fetish for getting trolled by u atlas
he just sounds so emotional andnuts
hes made up i was a lawyer for 20 yrs
ive REPEATEDLY stated on 3 usernames i never practiced
what does that have to do with anything anyway?
lol that lawyer = mature
im adding a response AtlasB 
AtlasB: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42bas5/discussion_on_what_shit_tests_actually_are/cz9hawu
lolol drok
tx
i had a typo
fixed that
powerkick is out of control
he really is
ive never seen soemone so hysterical
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42bas5/discussion_on_what_shit_tests_actually_are/cz9hl7l?context=3
crazy
haha
http://variety.com/2016/film/news/daniel-radcliffe-farting-corpse-swiss-army-man-1201686756/
That's an interesting headline
lolol
i read powerkick's last response and thought google translate had been kicked on
Lol right?
wait was that french first?
lol
Do you guys know what each other looks like?
some people know what others look like but not everyone, privacy is important 
I'd never post a pic 
Why's that lo?
Amelia cathy_catherine kittenkajira littlebee little_red_ aZombieKitten 
Sup, Camille?
just seeing who is on 
Oh, okay. :)
I was out and about earlier.
Hi there!
I'm here and there Camille, getting some housework done while the kiddos are occupied
yeah im just getting on for the first time myself aZombieKitten  
cool littlebee :)
Ooh. :o 
kittenkajira ive gained 1.5 inches in my butt so far!
since i started working out this jan
hello hello
Just because haha
Wow Camille, that's great!
how are you progressing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3A-Z5sRwgLM 
trump reacts to the word "white trash" as if its nigger 
pretty interesting
I've never seen anyone be that sensitive to it
.seen beyondthelight
3 pounds down so far this month.  I've maintained a 600 calorie deficit for 3+ weeks now!  My weight has not changed in like 8 days.  
helo ladies
man i never realized how old psyche was
these early episodes were shot with old-fashioned film cameras
you can see the grain
witzie, i think its just a bit wierd to call yourself white trash
it doesnt do well for your character
why 
J is really liking the results.  He keeps squeezing my butt.  
as a joke who cares
yeah but hes talking to his boss
i dont think you should self deprecate like that in those situations
when you should be bigging yourself up
hey happywifelife!
hi camille
nice kittenkajira congrats!
i have no idea how much i weigh atm but ive been eating anywhere from +500 to +800 daily and im definitely seeing results in the mirror
we ordered a scale though so ill do an official weigh in this week!
iron rule of tomassi #9. never self deprecate in front of a woman
yup
I'm dying because my feet are even smaller now, I think
 
how aZombieKitten??
I don't know, but I'm down to a 1.5 kid's shoe for my Nikes.
oh my gosh!
Either shoe sizes changed or my feet shrank. 
I used to wear 3s, then I dropped all the way to 2s, now I'm in 1.5. 
hmm i dont think they vanity size kids shoes haha
but they might actually, since everyone is weighing more/larger these days
I'm not sure, honestly. Unless they've changed their charts without people noticing
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42dgen/q4rp_construct_this_scenario/cz9gubz
Wtf
Actually, I'm not the only person complaining about this online, so they may HAVE vanity sized shoes.
weird!
I've noticed that sometimes I need a different size in different brands
lol DG69 
that has to be fake
wait
I'm seeing results in the mirror, too Camille.  And with my clothing.  The scale just isn't going down fast enough!  I'm sure if I keep up, I'll get there.
or is she the one who eats her boogers in public?
Yeah
She must be a troll
if youre building muscle then its not going to go down quickly 
Right?
yeah
she must be some gross trol
sincle muscle weighs more than fat, and you are lifting weights
have you done measurements kittenkajira?
Yeah.  I think it will be better this way, because I will look better at the goal weight.  
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42dgen/q4rp_construct_this_scenario/cz9gubz 
this is pleasant
hey witzie~
!
I like how she sums it up like "I guess you can say it showed emotional immaturity"
I am doing measurements.  From 3 Jan to 20 Jan I lost 0.25 inches off the hips, .5 inches off each thigh, and my weight went down about 5 pounds
jesus
ewww
i can think of better ways to one-up than poop on my own hands
yeah
like 
at least use a bowl and a satula
lack of imaginations on that
*spatula 
right lol
Is she saying that's an example of how a woman handles a situation vs how a man does
Lol
wonderful kittenkajira :) 
put the poo into the air intake so it always stinks up the whole car but they're not sure why and its a bitch to clean out
lol
haha thats what my hubs would say to do
ewwww
I went to a comedian show, and he said to put the poo on the seatbelt right about where the person will grab it
hahaha
that's very simian of her
it showed a wee bit more than that
lol
regarding the actual ppd question i think the average woman fails in almost all situations that would benefit from a logical and non emotional response 
dirt eaters
Camille do catholics sing hyms in church?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1bSlS6OWTs 
I like this version
yes witzie but not like protestant hymns 
lol
white trash
gets fire
interesting
very nice witzie the songs ive heard in mass are all organ/piano based and lots of chanting as well
but i know a lot of modern churches have bands these days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKoRp05L95c 
this one is pretty too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6Ms2wqg39Q this is one of my favourites witzie 
aw i like that one witzie
my mom listened to tit alot when i was growing up
the cat stevens one
I love that cat stevens one!  It brings back memories.  :)
thats a nice song witzie :) the hymns we've sung are less mdoern though, my favurite are the latin chants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRi1GDoaQu4 like this one
oh I like that tune
that played in our church 
the second one
I guess we sung it in english
oh come oh come emmanuel
yep
i miss being in my church's choir i love the songs we got to sing 
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/cz96d8q
he really hates WingN 
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/cz96d8q
he really hates AtlasB 
Such pretty dresses https://www.reddit.com/r/femalefashionadvice/comments/42bh64/roshini_daswanis_hindu_wedding_8_events_8_outfits/
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/cz98wfq
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/cz98wfq
I've never heard wingnut saying she was a slut
the t000009 guy wouldnt have been banned for just saying to ask what your man wants
we always tell women that
idr what he did but he's not telling the whole story
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/cz9ju2h
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/cz96d8q?context=10000 
why would he say RPW "thinks highly" of the woman inthe OP?
RPW would hate her she's clearly a gigantic bitch
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/cz96d8q
ive never even heard of her!
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/cz9ju2h
ZING 
also they dont read rpw because there is a lot of theory and strategy its just not the exact same as trp or presented in the same way so they dont consider it legitimate
and a lot of the FRs and advice lead to good info in tthe comments
and no one who has a high n count is trying to rationalise it or hide it
Wow, they really do hate her. lol
Are they still talking about wingnut, or the OP?
well
"My first anal experience (which I wholly consented to) was not executed properly and it was the most painful and humiliating sexual experience of my life - I cried afterwards. I didn't try again for years. Don't tell me that a dildo is more painful than that if you haven't experienced both - I have."
-vamp
no idea but wingnut has a high n count and has never hid that fact from anyone 
do they even know who they are talking about?
lol
no
same with tempy and a few others 
waaaaaahhhmp
they get twacked out because they have one llittle thought and then just spin that shit wherver it lands
wingn isn't here pretendign to be something she's not.
so far ever girl i've met who doesn't like anal has had a bad experience
aka dude jammed it in
Well, for sure not everyone on RPW has a high N count
What's considered high anyway?
right kittenkajira i was a virgin before i was with M 
and not one of the "everything but penetration" virgins haha
lo_andbehold that depends on who you ask, different men have different standards
personally i think that if you start having sex at 15, and you are in your early 20s (so younger than 25) anything over 5 is high and if any of those were ons thats a red flag
That's usually the case. Of course, some just don't find it pleasurable no matter what.
https://np.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42652o/the_drink_test/  
lol SP and me both do this constantly
so even good girls with ubre-feminine DRs try anal these days
silver lining: so some betas do get anal, even from pretty girls
god the drink thing reminds me why I hate game
I was just with one other, my ex-husband
Before that it was just a few frogs kissed. 
aw lol
of course he isnt
wheneve ryou ban someone they just make up why
It's actually a pretty clever thing, though.
i had a big fight with CWM
Willingness to share like that is a good metric to look at.
becaus ehe doesn tlike that i say RP are a bunch of betas
It's disappointing that TRP doesn't enforce the "do not badmouth RP sub" like we do
I find it obnoxious that the assumption is we don't understand or sympathize 
most of the women post about their specific relationship issues so we give advice that is just for them and dont always get into rp theory or use the terms
When we have rules in place that support that very idea, and crack down on instances where users go to far
whereas a lot of trp arent in relationships or even with women at all so they deal a lot w/ theoretical ideas
wi jump to ge tmy h a soda when i hear his straw rattle
agreed PhantomDream 
you know, i'm not here to be with trp
I am 1000% percent certain that our entire moderation team understands TRP far better than the TRP moderation team, more than that we also understand WHY RPW is different
im here to be a better person and get along with my obnoxious and unapologetic husband lol
Whoa, I haven't heard of the woman in the OP, either.
whom i loe
and dont deserve
i really don't care about Theory as much as i do just seeing the patterns and understanding behavior differnetly
love
TRP needs a more active and dedicated userbase as far as top tier contributors and mods go
they have too many newbies and not enough decent contributors to provide balance 
and proper direction
i could see why casual readers might think it's a hate group
there's lots of ti
and lots of bullshit and trolls
I don't think that's submission
trp needs to not be on reddit
Sharing your drink
im sorry anything wrong with trp
is reddit suserbase
yep its reddit
not the TRP ideas
low value redditors
and non westerners
i have no issue with ideas
reddit is a scumpit
yes
afk for a bit
And yet for all that and the big deal he made out of her sharing the drink, she's still just a plate
oh right dg, this is for you http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/01/marriage-and-two-kids-a-most-scandalous-fantasy.html
Yeah, the sub's ideas are great. The userbase is terrible.
I think it would be helpful if trp gave users flair for what stage they are in. 
the essay isn't significant in itself - but she is a hardcore carousel rider who just turned 30
there are sooooo many though
I understand that the men can bitch all they want, but to a newbie, it looks like a hate group
i cant imagine its that easy
she started looking at pictures of houses a few months ago and posted tweets like "who wants to marry me and help me buy this"
If a user if in the anger phase, I think his flair should reflect that
Some do have endorsed flair and whatnot.
dragoness are men evil for having plates
serious questionm
Yeah I see that
nah
But many are in anger phase
.addterm retarded https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYmn3Gwn3oI
That's why even at RPW we generally say focus on what the ECs are saying.
hahaha
AtlasB SP and me will be watching TV and I'll grab our ale8 bottle for a drink and he puts his hand over and I give it to him first, or he'll grab it for a drink and I'll reach and he gives it to me first 
its just funny lol
not a conscious thing
right 
lol
because we only use one bottle at a time
and usually when one person decides to drink the other person figures they'll drink too
and reaches for it
yeh you ge tlike a school if fish
my h and i start talking at exactly the same time constantly
guys its time for an intervention 
I think I can speak for the irc and say we all disapprove of this "job" and "social life" thing madsci seems to have going on 
stealing her away from us
its not cool madscilove 
lol witzie, for real
then come the children and we'll all be forgotten 
booooooo
boo hoo? yeah. they cry a lot too
I dont like anything about this scenario mads
witzie> I think I can speak for the irc and say we all disapprove of this "job" and "social life" thing madsci seems to have going on 
haha
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42atwk/boyfriends_mom_50s_f_broke_into_my_basement_found/
believe me, you guys are way more fun than all the work I've been doing
this is not a laughing matter madscilove 
okay, she never commented and posted no updates so I'm assuming its fake
the double shifts end after this weekend and then I'll be all yours again
...mostly
the different ways women react to infidelity is fascinating
coffeedynamics
what about coffeedynamics?
is blazing a psychotic path of mortification
she got cheated on (?) and she's blaming herself
she explained that she thinks I was disrespectful for locking a room to a guest and she had to find out what I'm hiding down there because she thought it could be something illegal but instead she found, as she called it, "evil material of a shameless slut" <- lolololol
she deleted threads before I could read it but i pieced it together
gross invasions of privacy are my biggest pet peeve. I might've killed her and left her down there
just strangled her with anal beads on the spot
nah, just make her choke on them
to death
there ya go
bludgeon her with a dildo
this could go so many ways with the tools at hand
lol
there's a scene from Midnight in Paris where the older female character reads the protagonists novel, which is based on his life, and says "the protagonists' g/f is obviously cheating on him"
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/3wqizl/jealous_of_my_boyfriends_younger_female_best/
it's obvious coffee's bf sees her as a plate
obvious to me anyhow -
WAT
" He does stuff like takes her shopping, drives her home from work, and looks after her at parties."
two lines it and shit's already hit the fan
they aren't married
she can leave any time his shit is "too offensive"
when I see women enthusiastically praise RP, instead of begrudgingly, they're usually in the middle of some sort of crisis/breakdown
or she can stay, maybe that really is the best she can get 
and now I get why
it's the same pattern for sunshinemary -
interesting 
her husband cheated on her repeatedly
she's the "top" female MRA blogger
is she back now
top eh?
no idea
dragoness> " He does stuff like takes her shopping, drives her home from work, and looks after her at parties."
lol
I mean, there aren't many, it's a small field
"takes her shopping"
er...
i read some of her old stuff
lol...riight
"He told me that he had been flirting with Jessica on Facebook as a joke. "
pre mod /newly rpw mod here times
lolol
but babe, I fucked her AS A JOKE!
is she retarded or is this a general mind-killing effect of love?
it's funny right? ha ha ha... ha...
That's what friends do
who is sunshine mary?
It's called a bro job
bardolatta: she's in denial, imo
She's my bro
i thought girlwriteswhat was the top MRA female blogger
slash youtube slash person thing
are you asking if sunshinine is retarded?
no
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2011/03/04/love-when-women-turn-into-beta-males/
anyone with a brain can see what's going on, but sometimes you'd rather not know. so you err on the side of "but maybe I'm jumping to conclutions!!
"woman in love - quick to blame herself for relationship problems"
by this criterion, most women probably never fall in love
not that that is a smart or advisable thing to do
no of course
human in love =  sometimes blame themselves when they shoudlnt
i mean not for women
but don't you want a guy to go crazy for you? at least for a brief period of time
wanna link the criteria?
sry for untimely responses, btw. my internet is fucking up
like thinking about you 24/7
my hubs never did
well
in bed
he's busy lol
my fiance is crazy about me, but he doesn't think about me 24/7 and I'm cool with that
happywifelife: yeah, busy :)
exactly
i know he aint dumping me in the woods tomorrow
nothing to worry about today then
bardolatta> by this criterion, most women probably never fall in love
disagree
all the women I know have been in that sort of love, usually more than once
driven to illogical and near-suicidal lengths for love. :P
.context
ok, a lot then, but really - this coffee thing, it's so disheartening, like her "RP" philosophy is just ad hoc hamstering to give her a solution to her relationship problems
yeh
shes just searching
I read her and think "wow this is unfair to feminism and bp"
we banne dher from RPW
lol
she doesnt know what shes talkign baout
9:21 PM <@madscilove> my fiance is crazy about me, but he doesn't think about me 24/7 and I'm cool with that 
I'm so not cool with that
jus tbecaus eyou SAY "im RP" doens tmean anything
25/8 or bust
lol witzie
haha witzie
yues!1
i am a beta male
to my h
ive been saying that!!
roissy is spying on me
havent i said that?
it's true
hes a hot chick and im his long suffering beta male
lol
aw
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42ce6y/discussion_peggingmale_anal_stuff/cz9lrzj?context=3
AtlasB++
lol
every time i watch gone with th ewind i find a different aspect fascinating
now im paying attention to scarlett and melanies relationship
clark gable's first marriage was...something
carol lombard wasnt his first was she?
i lov eher
no he had a starter wife 16 years older than him
who basically mothered him
ah smart man
supported his career, voice coaching lessons, etc
I think it's awful
why?
a man isnt worth a tin shit til 35
best time to have an olde rowman
I mean, I wouldn't take favors from from someone for that reason
it wasn't an amicable divorce obviously
I think you should have the foresight for that kind of stuff and just avoid it
there's really no way of knowing, though
like, how do you prevent that? 
thats not how humans work
or human relationships
just pick well and hope for the best
lol
(well, and don't fuck it up yourself)
they wer emarried fo r6 yrs
hm she graduated stanfor din 1906
you know
when women "werent allowedddd"
i wonder what will happen if I tell coffee the truth
maybe she'll become a hardcore feminist
what truth?
what truth?
maybe she'll get so insecure about hypergamy that she'll only date beta schlubs and resent them
that he's probably going to leave her and there's nothing she can do about it
b/c he decided he can do better
what makes you think she'll believe you over all the other people on reddit telling her that?
oh I didn't see that
i only scanned her history just now
people don't listen. they get in their heads to do whatever stupid, self-destructive thing they're going to do
and they do it
sometimes they ask for advice just to ignore it
lol
>Take turns getting on your hands and knees and riding each other like ponies around the house
>My idea on how to increase your sexual attraction to your SO: Get him to physically dominate you.
ok not even going to try
oh, is this in ppd?
why would she get insecure abotu hypergamy
no rpw
I just read her post in r/relationships where everyone told her that he's cheating on her (of course he is)
well if she gets dumped the theory is she was reaching
b/c if your guy acts like that, you're a semi-plate
that's silly
men like variety.
the prettiest girl can still get dumped for new pussy
I mean, you think he'll marry her?
I don't buy that, that, a little variety
you really think that if a girl is pretty and the perfect gf, she can keep herself from being dumped?
life just doesn't work like that
bardolatta> I mean, you think he'll marry her?
let me read the post again
the one I read just sounded like he was cheating
I think really pretty girls who also have perfect personalities are rare
and the only people who'd dump them are literally rockstars
perfect doesn't exist, but I know plenty of pretty girls who'd make great wives
they've gotten dumped tons of times
men, esp. young men, just often don't want to settle down
the lure of new pussy
yeah i've dumped pretty girls with nice personalities
im not a rockstar
pretty girls expect alpha guys
Opportunists would absolutely dumb a total unicorn for new pussy.
alpha guys want new pussy
I've seen even beta guys dump great girls for new pussy
young men just aren't good bets for LTRs
he's 33
I don't think young men are good for LTR, not b/c of alpha
but b/c their smv is on the rise
both from their career and getting better at game
naturally
okay non-beta guys
as in guys with at least some alpha
Lol most men don't want to settle down at a young age
drok just b/c you were bored
Period
no other problem, you were like, I need something new
Sunhappy yep!
bam dumped?
i wasn't really bored, i just didn't want to be dating them
madsci a lot of ppl seemto believe that today
even rpw and such
it's so WEIRD
that you can good wife your way out of being cheated on
Yeah
so what did you tell her
how do people have such a rosy view of their fellow humans?
what do you mean?
when you dumped her
guys with outcome independence will dump for new pussy
lesser betas are less likely to do so
they dotn even dump
they cheat
they'll hold on to what they get
madscilove: what if your guy cheats on you?
madsci lack of experience
i don't think we should do this
betas think women hurt men and men are innocent angels
Sunhappy: then that really, really sucks :P
are you asking if I'd leave?
Haha 
i mean
No, just asking what you'd do or feel
its only if they got too attached
if they didn't talk to me about it, i would just go on about my business
and?
ah. I'd be crushed into teeny tiny little madsci pieces. and probably get really drunk and cry
they'd just let you go?
and stick around if he didn't keep doing it
not always
some stalked me, some called me names, some found other guys
i mean how could you be so heartless
because i didn't want to date them
they aren't entitled to my life
drok++
but was it for variety?
bardo thats dating
i dumped a guy who love dme to death
How is it heartless to leave someone you don't want to be with
after a party
Terrible this has to be explained
sometimes
when he droppe dme off at him
in his car
or were you getting more valuable as a person
Dating doesn't always have happy endings
it rarely does
9:01:51 PM <madscilove> you really think that if a girl is pretty and the perfect gf, she can keep herself from being dumped?" Oh, now all of a sudden it isn't a girl's fault she gets dumped?
for one party 
who said that?
Would it be better to string them along for a while longer?
Lonny_Z: what? I'm saying if someone's gonna cheat, they're going to do it regardless of what you do
there's no magic "make him not cheat" button
some girls i didn't want to date, sometimes i didn't want to date anyone
granted, if you're DBing him, yeah you're bringing that on yourself
That is not how you felt a few days ago
lonny that was an insane interporetation of what she said
shes always said that
you can stave off certain kind of dumping and cheating
Lonny_Z the other day I said that if a man cheats in a very young relationship, the girl probably picked badly
but not other kind
syes
I stand by that too
agreed
don't pick badly
madscilove my model of the SMP is that a lot of guys are dating girls they know won't last for practice
A year is a young relationship?
both to get better at game and until their career takes off
my friend did that
<1 is young to me
yeah
sure
a year is nothing
so I don't attribute it to "vareity"
variety
A year is barely out of the honeymoon stage.
it can e variety too
there can be a multitude of reasons
men usually cheat for variety
It can be a lot of reasons.
not dump
Okay that's nice
drok were you in love with the ones you dumped
1+ is where I start to do consider it a LTR
its not just any one thing
a year is nothing
or was it a conscious "I'm dating girls for practice"
neither
none of its conscious
are you an alien?
none of its inwords
and diorect thoughts
lol
drok no I saw people do this
bardolatta> madscilove my model of the SMP is that a lot of guys are dating girls they know won't last for practice
no, I don't think so
people date because it's fun
when it stops being fun and starts being work, they sometimes reevaluate
or the person they're dating is great but incompatible
any number of reasons that relationships dissolve
See, my interpretation wasn't insane. I think many people would call a year + a long relationship
uyoung ppl
whove had no relaitonsips do
thats what you say when youre 21
"we dated for a WHOL EYEAR!"
A year is hardly anything.
a year and under isn't LTR to me
When you look at the human lifespan, a year is a blip.
What about when you're older like 30s
the limerance doesnt evenwea roff for 2 yrs
you donteven know each other
So many girls think a year is the benchmark for engagement
you start getting into way different dynamics after several years. I'm only just starting to see it nearing 5 years
There are entire years of my life I just don't remember.
my perspective is wildly different than it was at 1 year into the relationship
We were just telling a woman in rpw that a year is a long time to waste
One year does not a relationship make.
A year can be wasted, but a year of a relationship isn't really much to brag about.
So if you're 38 and single
You should date for years Cuz less than that is nothing?
If you're still single by 38 you've passed the point of no return for kids
nah, it's not nothing
So there's no rush if you want a life companion
I just wouldn't consider a year a LTR
Just look for older men
that's all I'm saying
maybe drok is the exceptional, but I thought it was well known that a lot of men have a fwb/practice - wife dichotomy
I would have thought a year is the minimum bar of LTR
But okay, call me sucky and stupid
why?
we just have different opinions. that doesn't mean one of us is stupid
I mean, back to coffee
her bf is 33
I think most men are thinking about wifing someone at that point
not necessarily planning to right this minute, but thinking
and the most likely reason is she's not pretty enough, since she sound submissive - or maybe she has a mental disorder
I think other people would also say that is long
What is a minimum length LTR then?
I guess 2 years, if I had to put a number on it
so many relationships break up between 0-2 years. 
Idk minimum to me would be a year
^
After two years I'd wonder what's the hold up for marriage if that's the desired end goal
.context
I'm not saying "relationships under 2 years are worthless" though. 
I just don't consider them long before that
they can still be wonderful, serious, intense, etc.
Fair enough
the reason I don't like "oh dating is fun" explanation for everything - not denying that it doesn't happen - is that you see a lot of stories where a woman will stay as a plate
trying to wait a guy out
the fuck zone!
until he's finished with his fun/variety and wants to settle down
So if a guy cheats in under two years it is your fault because you "picked badly"? Got it.
it most likely is
but a lot of the time, when they find the right girl, they'll want to settle down instantaneously
thats the learnign time
you dont KNOW each other
youre strangers
even if you met through friends
or had a class together
it's still ultimately his choice, fault, responsibility, etc.
youre strangers
but I think she is partially culpable
for bad choice
Right, so how can you know you picked badly if you don't know each other?
it's not a moral failing, but eh, better luck next time
I feel like there are usually signs that the person is scummy.
a lot of r/relationships posts (and IRL relationships I see) are the girl or guy ignoring all this craptastic behavior
until their SO cheats and they're like "HOW DIS HAPPEN"
if you're willfully blind to it, yeah, that's your fucking fault
I feel like this is his way of cutting her loose slowly
and I have no sympathy
I mean I know nothing about the guy, just a guess
because she's so attached and he knows it
but, surprise, it worked as dread and now she's a lot more clingy, good luck to them both
For all we know, that guy's behavior in that post the other night was the first sign
sure, it's possible
but I really don't think most people are upstanding and absolute peaches for a year
then blindside a person
well, maybe. 
I guess it's easy to hide your character with sporadic dating
Nope
I think people can get blindsided in years
ok, then there's nothing you can do about it
so why worry
alright, I'll amend my position to: "if a person ignores signs that their partner is shitty, anything that happens to them is partially their fault"
I won't blame someone who legitimately thought their partner was a good person
Not worrying. Just think always shifting blame to the dumpee is absurd.
Okay, I accept your amendment
its not blame
its a reality
its PART of it
if i meet a junky whos nice and sexy and is talkign abotu how much he wants to quit
and after a year he still wotn quit
it shis fault
AND i chos epoorly
right, then that's partially your fault for dating a junkie
I just see it so much IRL. people have their stupid love blinders on and anyone with eyes can see that they picked a bad match
Okay, no one would argue against that
"oh, you're dating a player pussy hound? tell me more about how he broke your heart and cheated on you"
The junkie scenario
players arent covert
right
players make themselves known
hello wetweiner are you an RPW?
and women are fools
he's my bf
my firs tbf i lvie dwith
who cheate don me constantly
I'm trying to walk him through authing
that's why I'm so down on the "dumpee" lonny
oh okay!
because you can usually tell 
he doesn't really post on reddit tho :p
and girls are fucking retarded
and do it anyway
he had cheate don every gf he had in his short life at the time
WITH ME
I have `159 karma thank you
hahaha welcome wetweiner 
but soemhow!
thank you
it wa sgoing to be different
I was just sitting here thinking about this thing that lifter always talks on
Lol hello!!
and how gentlemen have all this game and such, then it dawned on me, its a Saturday night and if any of those gaming studs were on here, that they should be embarrassed
:D
ah, yeah
hahaha
that sounds familiar
I got banned off twoXchromosomes :(
well RPW irc is actually ladies only but there are a mix of genders in #purplepilldebate 
my reddit messages are fucking empty
for the first time
in months
#Victory
my bad
lol twoX is the worst
lifter lied to me
oh youre fine
i guess b/c I get my morality for religion, I don't think about the ethical dimension of coffee's problem
lifter and a lot of others that are in this room are also in #purplepilldebate 
I will get lifter to walk me through it
also I see the problem as structural
you can't persuade the poor to stop buying lottery tickets
you can stay here the rule is just to keep out a certain element 
but if any girl talk happens then youll have to go wetweiner :P
you can't persuade (most) women from not becoming plates to try to snag a bf
I think you have to hold people responsible for their bad choices, though
soliciting for investments
I can damn sure hold them accountable for it, though
a lot of different investments, was banned for years
also casinos in most places IIRC
there's also a heroin epidemic happening right now
this is way too much work to auth this shit, it was nice meeting all of you
that's how I see it
i got my post removed from askhamsters for "invalidating others' experiences"
what are you talking about?
YOU MAY ONLY APPROVE OF OTHERS
how did we get t heroin?
thereo ethics in dsting
it's an analogy
this is a bizarre millenialism
:(
What was your post on?
I don't think it is - I think it's very old idea that just seems very oung
wat ar eyou talking about
I just think it's unreasonable to expect people to be reasonable and manage their own personal lives
What
explain
lol
that's insane
most people, anyhow, to a reasonable degree
of course you can expect that
personal responsibility!
you can expect whatever you want
That's the bare minimum of what I'd expect
I mean, do you support legalizing heroin and vicodin
yes
Lol
mad?
I don't really care
wow
either way
as in, i dont think the governemtn has the right to regulate or banthem
heroin was legal in the 180s
I understand that heroin is addictive and that I'm running the risk of becoming addicted if I ever shoot up
if I become an addict, that's my fucking fault
If people kill themselves over a drug
even if heroin was legal, it would still be my fault
i could get heroin whenbever i want
It's not the job of the govt to regulate what someone aa chooses to cover
Drugs shouldn't be illegal
it being illegal isnt whats stopping me
Consume
Also Vicodin is legal
the regulation of drugs was anothe rprogresive overreach
mm, opiates
well not witout a scrip
:3
i dont liek opiates
Sweet sweet opiates
i like fast drugs
blowing you need a prescription
I feel a back injury coming on
lolz
lolol
bardolatta: you need one for amoxicillin too
you dont need a prescription to buy other ppls vicodin
lol
hahaha
you dotn need permisison to rbeak the law when youre anoutlaw bardo
I don't want to be pushy, I'll link one article
http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/01/05/how-to-survive-the-heroin-epidemic.html
this metaphor got mighty literal :P
HAHAHAHA the fat granny faints 
AtlasB: 
"oh yes I will!"
I'm too drunk to read all that
bardolatta: do you not hold drug addicts responsible for their own choices?
what, blowing is alive?
lolol
yay
What's the TL;dr
I though blowing ghosted us
miss pittypat is a maiden aunt
I cried many trears
do you love scarlett lol
Architect: I can't quit you
not really
this is al making me so happy
like, 15/85
drug addicts are 100%
responsible
blowing: <3
i mean I guess we have profound philosophical disagreements here
bardolatta: who do you think is responsible for drug addicts' addictions?
if not themselves
Would I be responsible for punching my uber driving right now for playing shitty music?
lol
drug dealers,
el chapo
why ar ethey responsible?
the gov't for not building a wall
they're just selling a product
and keeping these people out
is mcdonalds responsible for me being fat?
Architect: <3
Big Mac sauce
OMG
are gun dealers responsible for murders?
obviously
I want to dip fries in Big Mac sauce
you have no agency 
i took drugs on the weekend
for years
you are a woman after all
never became addicted
Lol
stoppe done day just liek that
madscilove I think the net positive of people having guns (protection against crime) outweighs the negatives
i smoked for 18 yrs
this is not the same case for heroin
drug users aren't 100% responsible IMO. primarily responsible but I'd allow for rare edge cases like when they are deceived
but answer my question
I'm jealous AtlasB
woke up one day and never smoked again
or the addiction happened without their approval
yes, but the net positive outweighs
that was 15 yrs ago
I'd liken it to brain surgery
brain surgeons make mistakes, they kill people
they also save lives
ok, so gun sellers are responsible for murders in your view?
just clarifying
real quick
I take a half a Vicodin and im ready to sell a kidney for some cocaine
how did the conv turn to guns
sure, vaguely, I don't think it in terms of responsibility, but whether we should allow them to sell/punish them for sellin
g
and i'm for allowing them to sell, not punishing them for selling
FirionDarklight: bardo thinks drug dealers are responsible for drug addicts' addictions
Why can't people take heroin?
so I was wondering if he thinks gun dealers are responsible for murder
it's odd to me to blame the seller
Because it's bad for them?
and not the buyer
who makes the choice
So the fuck what
we arent allowing ppl to self medicate
and are forcing them onto experiemtnal psych meds
blowing++
I want a pot card
fuck, don't remind me
Or prescription thing
melancholics self medicated with luadum forever
I don't live in cali anymore
boooo
laudanum
no more plentiful, legal pot
just do it illegally
yeah
it's just not as good out here
What's that other one
Ether
People did ether
Cocaine for dental work
Back in the forever ago
why is it anyone elses business
mad I guess you identify as a libertarian?
ppl are allowed to drink
and thats more poisonous than almost any drug
bardo what allow the governemtnto regulate drugs?
I can't believe I'm defending the prohibition of heroin
well
defend it
you ahvent
bardolatta: not really
although I guess some of my views skew that way
hmm you support welfare?
I can't, I'm not a impromptu guy
I research and regurgitate
I'd far prefer universal basic income
to welfare
ok but that's pretty libertarian
actually
no it isnt
ok not strictly
but I've seen some conservatives and libertarian support it
The worst part about heroin is dirty needles and accidental overdose. Same shit could happen with a careless diabetic.
at least in my circle on twitter
im a minarchist
ppl OD
because its illegal
I also identify as a prison abolitionist
they cant get reliable doses
which is a pretty unpopular view
Yep
my best friend ODed on heroin
my views might actual skew a little close to anarchy
And with pot
*actually
It was always laced with shit
Bc illegal
And i would get dirty highs
I smoked some pot I found on the ground once
shitty idea
Lolollll
lol
it was laced with something
still don't know what
lol
LOL
sorry, was referring to > prison abolitionist
Worst pot I ever got was from a random black guy walking down the street in San Diego
that's the view I mean, that leans toward anarchy
*meant
I was like hey you're black do you have drugs
And he sold me a dime back
Bag
I mean, why
i disagree ith prison as th esole punishment
my H should have beencaned
Shit didn't even get me high
yeah you have exile
he agrees
but, what if the crime rises by a hundred
like, prison abolitionism is very fringe
eh, oakland does alright
I mean, it's high crime
a lot of bien piensant liberals dismiss it as a joke even
but the community does a decent job of policing itself
vigilantism 
ah
so that's why you need guns
thats why im a minarchist
yep
not an anarchist
shoot the bad guys
before they shoot you
i eleive the governemnt ahs a role in maintaining a monolpoly on th euse an dthreat of force
ok that makes a little more sense
so ads to remove it from between men
and enforce contracts
i wonder if there are prison abolitionist types who FOR gun control
I never bothered to even think about it
b/c they have no influence
american politics is like this - liberals make noise about incarceration, there's some reform, crime goes up, there's backlash, they reform it back
both anarchists and libertarians are short sighted about what the governemtn actually is necessary for
I imagine there must be some crunchy granola types that are pro prison abolition and pro gun control
that seems unreasonably optimistic to me
to put it mildly
I read jacobin magazine for the history articles (b/c marxists are into history)
and I found out that there communists still exist
they had one article about, what would "true communism" look like
bardolatta> and I found out that there communists still exist
haha, yeah
one proposal has every one write what they want on a list
and they put it into a mega computer
and have everyone debate on it
it's central planning, but it involves everyone
https://www.jacobinmag.com/2012/12/the-red-and-the-black/
i'm not making this up
sounds like how co-ops are run
hahahaha
no, I'm serious. I have friends who live in co-ops
lol
I couldn't ever do that.
I don't want people in my business to that degree
why does clicking the bar to bring you to your mention never actually bring you to your mention
it's annoying
I wanna live like on a commune with all my best friends
ikr architect
like the 20th century motor company in atlas shrugged
We'll all like raise each other's kids
Not even know who's is who's
do you support open borders mad
finally, someone understands my life
and her name..is madscilove 
brb
that sounds... just like the friedrichshof commune actually, no one knew who the parents were
Bahahahaha "askhamsters"
Cool
Sign me up
http://d-sites.net/english/muhl.html
too bad it perished decades ago
"The ideal of life-long fidelity was replaced by the ideal of absolute promiscuity. It was forbidden to make love with the same partner more than once a week. "
Yay, askhamsters. lol
what
who said that
Lol they just didn't give the men beds
So they'd have to "find somewhere to sleep"
Damn this guy Otto was an uber Chad
kittenkajira https://youtu.be/us42gs1q_m8
not as much as me
Neat!
http://jim.com/confess.htm
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42ce6y/discussion_peggingmale_anal_stuff/cz9lrzj
Atlas hating millenials seriously cracks me up
yeah i may give this a try tomorrow!
how is everyone's evening?
Ooh, Camille, that looks like a smart technique.
me too actually. They're my favourite rants. 
https://twitter.com/ScrewedbyState/status/685650109908975616 i guess you guys, and jim, had nice childhoods surrounded by people you liked
I was never into that commune hippie stuff
hey AtlasB
when I was libertarian, I was a pro megacorp libertarian
do shit tests have to be a sexual thing?
no
or is it just a social dominance thing?
shit testing is basically seeing how much shit a manwill take
I realized at work today that I've been shit testing my (female) boss since I started
askign to be slapped down
yeh
conclusion: I don't respect her at all
testing boundaries
right
I do shit wrong on purpose, unconsciously
just to see if she'll call me on it
she doesn't, and it just drives my opinion of her lower
corporations are a kind of absolute government
this is one of the first times where I've been like "damn, rp was on to something" in my life
 AtlasB what is an average hasidic jew's fitness level?
-928386656
they study all day
so i could probably take a couple in a fight
probably like 13
cause when i was in williamsburg today there was a shit ton of them walking around in the blizzard
yeh
shpatziring
they had to go to synagogue
no snow days
they can't use cars on the sabbath either?
was probably havdalah
not from sundown friday to sundown saturday
no electricity
cars
firs
fire
unless it was turne don or started before shabbos
madscilove: you're crazy
women are crazy
damn
they had on all their hats and stuff
yeh
what is the difference between the large hat and the flat brim one?
nothing i dontthink
style choice
so they just get two choices?
its a limited set of clothes
lol why architect?
and theyr wear a prayer shawel with ritual knotting u nder it
I was thinking about it today. I was using the hand washing sink to prep food and thinking *while I was doing it* "This is against food safety regulations. Why am I doing this, the prep sink is literally right there."
it's because my boss is a dumbass
who doesn't know food health codes
and I think I was subconsciously hoping she'd call me on it
but why would you do things wrong on purpose to shit test someone
that's totally alien
I mean, people in general only work to the standard you set
I seriously think it's just that I don't respect her
that's one thing
fuck, I had to tell HER to stop doing an unsafe thing today
she didn't know
what was she doing?
thawing raw meat in hot water
it won't kill you in all likelihood, but it's against state health code
gotta use cold running water
if the health inspector sees you doing that, you will get into serious shit
errrr
yea, even I know you don't thaw things in hot water
wait what why
i do that in my kitche
oh shit
yeah, I do it at home too
it's fine if you're going to cook it immediately
oh
but if you plan on storing it raw, it can't get above a certain tem
*temp
it lets bacteria reanimate or something
??
yeah. it gets the meat to and holds it at a temperature that's perfect for bacterial growth
but too low to kill them
Do you know a lot about raw meats?
I also watched her cross-contaminate veg with raw pork
anyway. long story short, I think she's a joke
DG69: you know it!
im raw meat baby
fresh
raw
uncooked
im in a weird mood today
what kind of weird mood?
I don't really know. 
can't describe it
http://www.playok.com/en/go/#205
if anyone wants to watch
DG69:
fiat
madscilove: when you make your bar, you should become a gangster. That'd be cool
I dared to suggest that it was dumb if groups of women got mad about being called "guys" casually
have a gambling ring downstairs
like "hey guys"
lolol
smuggle prohibited substances. Make mob deals
supposedly racketeering is the crime for entjs
makes sense
sounds right
capone
I just want to have a nice little kitchen and run it right
Wow lifterofthings.  
I'll leave the speakeasy prohibition stuff to F
lol
as long as the mob gets their cut
= running it right
That's like the go-to thing to say on vlogs.  Every video out there is "hey guys!"  Stinkin' hypocrites.  
of course
you don't fuck with the mob
...or so I hear
you also never leave
haha 
hi wetweiner aka rlybigstick!
your minecraft forts rule
dj khaled is hilarious
askholes has retarded mods. anyone surprised?
lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo-0ytcEXKg
hahaha
it gets hilarious in the middle
madscilove: how did she cross-contaminate veg and pork?
AtlasB: have you seen Legend?
Lonny_Z: used the same knife and cutting board she used to slice raw pork
the recent film?
to cut veggies
no
without washing and sanitizing between
yea. Recent gangster movie, TOm Hardy plays both brothers
you might find it worth a watch
is it actually good
oh
it's architect good, I dunno if it's atlas good
its not about the kray brothers is it?
yea, it is
the kray sby peter medak was sufficient
he directe dmy 3rd fave film
theyre interesting
they really are
especially one admitting to be gay in the 50s
.context
"askholes"  I nearly spit out my water
heres semfabulous gay from the 30s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usl4MdQ51mc
LOL
ernest!
his mustache rules the world
My DEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRR
gay dudes should dress like that
that'd be cool
someone tell Buartha
"Ask Women: why are you such a bunch of oversensitive cunts?"
And the body of my post could be: "do you need a tampon? your vagina is leaking"
lolol
askholes!
they've invalidated my experience
which is that women who get offended about being called "hey guys" are dumb cunts not worth one's time
D:
so quiet
what's everyone up to tonight?
my movie just ended
now im going through my comments and seeing which ones got downvoted
lol
I'm shopping for clothes on amazon 
im watching dragoness shop for clothes on amazon on the backdoor i installed on her PC
hahaha
this is why I keep a sticker over my webcam
me too!
my sticker has puppies on it
I don't bother. I'm not that interesting
mine's a butterfly at the moment 
It just feels too weird not too
I'm looking at the trailer for that new show that the Christians are protesting.
there are hacker groups that adopt families
oh, which one?
and they have discussion boards about "characters"
aka real people
WHAT THE FUCK!?
that's like a Truman Show horror movie 
"i wonder if the grandma is going to come over today"
"what's Jr's homework gonna be about tonight?"
oh and also madscilove, three of my nails broke so I'm giving up
Well that just makes me paranoid now.
aw man
what shape were they?
lovely rounded squares 
so sad. gonna trim them in a bit and get acrylic coating next week
those are the best ones
rounded square nails really grew on me
I think they look gorgeous when they're painted
they do!
they did :(
although my nails are really fucked up right now too
they're trimmed really short and all messed up from the kitchen
aww, well now I don't feel so bad
like, a few top layers of the top of my fingernails have somehow chipped off
YES!
that's what started happening to me
wtf
what's up with that
not only did three straight up break but the rest are chipped, thin or ful of ridges 
idk dude
can't be seasonal cause...well
what are those??
ikr
I'm blaming it on wearing polish pretty consistently for months
then suddenly having to wear bare nails
I think my nails thinned or something
hmm
or it could be because I work in a kitchen and fuck up my hands all day.
...it's probably that one
see I write and type a lot all day but thats really nothing new
you're having sympathy nail chips
I know i need vitamins though 
for my nails
lol probably. 
pls make it stop
oh god, if you get pregnant Im gonna get fat
xD
I'm gonna blow up like 5 years from now and no know why
*not know
you'll be like "damn it mads!!!" 
haha
and my "someone in the world is cursing my name" senses will tingle
on a completely unrelated note, I tried this massage chair in a mall today and it was fucking weird
"why are y ears burning? oh well"
it was a "zero g" chair that tiled you all the way back
oh I think I've seen those
and you stick your arms and hands in this tube
and your legs and feet in another one
I only get creeped out by those water massage beds
but then it tilts you backwards and like, clamps onto you so you can't fucking move
and it started squeezing my legs HARD so I couldn't take them out, and tickling my feet
and then the back massage thing went way too low 
it has a freaking BUTT MASSAGE feature!
<madscilove> and tickling my feet
I feel violated
my personal hell
umm
this sounds like a rape machine
YES!!
it basically was!
omg dude
I had to ask F to turn it off
because I couldn't
"it's touching my butt plz make it stop right now
was this one of those things wher eit's in the middle of the walkway?
yes
I would never dot hat
lol
that
I wouldnt' have done it if I knew it was a rape machine
I thought it was a normal massage chair
this movie is so freaking long
which one?
hi everyb...
... rape machine ?
hey meeb!
it's not what you think!
he noped out
I just had an unfortunate run in with the world's creepiest mall massage chair
http://imgur.com/gallery/afiUfII
she made a friendship bracelet for her cat
lol
wow
http://imgur.com/gallery/y42VolC
that's for madscilove 
hahaha
it's true!
.add quote 12:54:08 AM <madscilove> I wouldn't have done it if I knew it was a rape machine
.help
I think it's .quoteadd
.quoteadd 12:54:08 AM <madscilove> I wouldn't have done it if I knew it was a rape machine
.help
.quote add 12:54:08 AM <madscilove> I wouldn't have done it if I knew it was a rape machine
last time it wouldn't work for me when I left the time in there
oh, nvm
nice
Lonny_Z1.
Lonny_Z1?
http://imgur.com/gallery/waikGam
.allquotes
http://imgur.com/gallery/mkdkwd8
who believes this?
nooo stupid cat don't move the camera
also that mom is pretty plastic
me no like
im not convinced it's a mom
daughter looks all of 14
mom looks what, 34-36? I could see that
she looks 18 to me...but if that's her mom, she must have had her at 12
yeah, so does Molly O'Malia 
mally omalia?
molly*
https://www.instagram.com/_mollyomalia/
this account is private
2nd yr architecture student
oh wow
...am I missing something lol
well just google it, damn
http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/police-called-mcdonalds-over-claims-7138115
oh the 14 yr old 
So much LOL
model
"model"
oh, she's in a snapchat war
with Kylie Jenner
how juicy
hahaha
wow
Tyga is trying to groom her
at this point they
*they're grooming themselves 
haha, yea, I suppose that's true
that's it, I'm buying a laptop without this fucking number pad right goddamn now
I dunno how you guys don't use number pads
doing number work or calculators on the top row is horrible
it really is
I have to work with numbers a lot for some of my jobs
I dont do number work is the thing
top row is a pain in the fucking ass
great for business, horrible if you have no need
yeah i don't know how i manage madscilove 
just get a 17 inch laptop
with a full keyboard
i try to do it in my head
yeah, but that means I have to spend $400+ on a new laptop
and I'd rather not
lol
I'll just deal with it
or just use separate keyboard
lol
there's also that
:P
you can buy usb numpads
even mechanical ones
with proper cherry switches
FUCKKKKK I forgot they'd all have windows 10!!
windows 10 is the best windows silly
yeah
just pretend windows 8 never happened
I'll put win7 on there, idgaf
you're a weirdo. Stop resisting
I liked windows 7....
I don't like windows 10 and I'm coping with windows 8
what about 10 do you not like?
I'm just not a fan. the hobbit let me play around with it and I didn't like it
plus I'd like to hold onto these last few shreds of privacy 
.context
windows 7 and 8 all give away all your data same as 10
it was patched in
eh
you're naked
naked dragoness 
goddamn it, you really CAN see me
it's what I do
no that's what the stickers are for
now I gotta recheck my smoke detectors for cameras.
notice I said REcheck
23:46:26 <Architect> windows 7 and 8 all give away all your data same as 10
right
sometimes i wonder how my mom got anywhere in her career when she so clearly failed to notice my obvious paranoid schizophrenia 
you can't fight the future
guys, im looking at statues
and I want them all
i love how RP manages to ruins people's lives in ways I couldn't not possibly anticipate - it's the only thing that keeps me coming back
I'm actually not one of those people who's anti technology/technological advancements. I just like what I like in some cases. 
"I'm having a hard time being attracted to any men with a marriage mindset because their shortsightedness is a turnoff."
I thought you were RP 
"They shouldn't get married because most women have been badly raised and corrupted by the system and marriage 2.0 is a joke."
Oh I am
dragoness: that's very easy to tell about you lol
oh this is great
tell me more
but I'm anal retentive and I get off intellectually on how even great ideas can produce bad consequences
haha
I checked her history  - 1 year, consistent identity
claims to be a tv commercial actress, 24/f
are you still talking about that coffee whatever lady?
tl;dr, if marriage 2.0 is such a raw deal for men, men who are eager to marry must be stupid
no
completely different perosn
person*
it makes sense, perversely, in the same way that girls are turned off by guys eager to ply them with gifts and stuff early on
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ewmv/im_having_trouble_rationalizing_my_personal/
that mindset is kinda stupid
lol
right but I'm kind of on the fence on whether this is real
like there's a part of me that really wants it to be real
" And I have a hard time going "EXCEPT I'm going to try to snag one anyway who hasn't learned better because fuck everyone else it's all about me.""
she's making a big show of being Team Man while actually making very little sense 
well that attitude's not going to get her far in life
how self-aggrandizing 
it's also a weird way to look at marriage
"They shouldn't get married because most women have been badly raised and corrupted by the system and marriage 2.0 is a joke"
so what you're saying is, as a woman, YOU ain't shit?
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ewmv/im_having_trouble_rationalizing_my_personal/cz9tr5u
this is such a great comment
her "logic" is counter-intuitive, but most female dating behavior is counter-intuitive (like I think any woman who uses dread is an asshole and would next)
I really think she's just overthinking it.
what she's saying is she wants to ensare a hardline redpiller who is deadset against marriage
*cough* snowflake
that could be it - the men who want to marry her aren't good enough b/c of some other reason
"If you are feeling selfish, just think that every single RPW has a chance to affect the world by helping to rebuild marriage through their example. Try to think of the overall scope of your actions. What's the point of throwing your life and happiness on the pyre when you could be making an example for other wives, female family members, single girls at
work, nieces, and your own children?"
THIS
If you think you're a high quality woman and aren't one of those "badly raised" women, why would you e put off by a man wanting to marry you?
oh wow
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2011/02/10/women-love-men-who-play-hard-to-get/
is bardolatta male or female?
i still can't figure it out
this is under-explored
he's a dude
she's a dude?
we're all dudes
right
hey!
yeah, women love men who say they'll never get married, it's a challenge
I don't play that
some* women
I knew that was coming lol
"I don't wanna get married" 
NEXT!
I legitimately didn't give a shit about marriage vs. no marriage
that's a dead end
my dude was like "let's love each other forever and not get married" "k"
"nah let's get married" "k"
yeah, if you don't care it's all good
but it's like kids for me
but the committment was still important to me
don't go into anything trying to change someone's mind is all
I wouldn't be down for someone who wasn't up for life partnership
yeah 
i don't think women are wrong to try to change terper's minds - like, if you look at the manosphere men who aren't anonymous
 <bardolatta> yeah, women love men who say they'll never get married, it's a challenge
they all get married eventually
is this perhaps a young woman thing?
I don't know
"women love men who say they'll never get married"
all my info is stuff on the internet
its a stupid woman thing
that sounds retarded and exhausting to me.
if I was set on marriage
why would I want someone who wants the opposite?
bardolatta, are you an agoraphobe?
not really
I wonder if younger people have more time and energy for those sorts of games?
stupid people who need drama love those kinds of "challenges" 
cause its a steady supply
ah, drama whores
right they exist right
I know that type
when I first read this I was skeptical
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2013/03/01/how-to-keep-a-stripper-enamored-of-you/
then I started reading stripper and prostitute forums and news letters
and twitter accounts
oh sweet lord
At the right side of the asshole-loving curve, you find your girls who get off on being psychologically tormented by aloof men who are always one foot in, one foot out in any relationship."
tales from a stripper
"These are the girls who actually *seek out* the idiosyncratic charms of assholes and deadbeats and cheaters, and who, in fact, will quickly get bored with men who arent sufficiently dismissive of them. "
and yeah these generalizations are true
one escort said when she was quitting escorting she worried her relationship might blow up
(she has a bf)
b/c she needs emotional intensity (drama) and the fights the had over her line of work fed that need
like her bf would get anxious and they'd kiss and make up after she flies back from meeting a client, sometimes across the country
To quote the great madscilove: "Ah, drama whores"
lol
literally!
hahahaha
didnt even catch that
http://bestcarmag.com/sites/default/files/23183dodge-challenger-02.jpg
hnnnggg!!
Architect how could I possibly be a grill
I'm kind of flattered actually
that i'd give off any androgynous vibe
as opposed to a horn rimmed splergelord
well...
he hadn't gotten around to that part yet
androgyny doesn't mean you're not a horn rimmed sperglord
see
you just sound almost totally asexual
yeah
kind of like you're studying humanity through the internet
yes! that
I'm going with Cylon tbh
I mean I interact with people
but they're not a representative sample
like, nice mormon types
dg?
dg69?
oh, it doesn't say toaster anymore. forgot I changed it
lol
http://scarscare.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Travis1.jpg
he has suck kind eyes
*such
the cat on the other hand...
im sure that's what it is
lol?
tattoos, flippy hair, and gauges
mmmm
I mean for men it's just fascinating that you can be a jerk and do *better* in the dating marketplace
it doesn't really work for women
it actually does
i ...
thank you
I don't like doing it, but I could wrap men around my finger if I was a cold asshole to them
when I start being nice, they don't fawn over me as much
go into bitch mode and see how many men suddenly find you to be the most beautiful, fascinating creature in the world
I mean, you gotta push pull a little bit
I don't have a response to this
you can't just be mega bitch
but dread works on dudes
truly
Ok, the response from roissy I remember is that "girl game" only works only compliant betas
and that it doesn't draw in a higher quality man
nah, these were womanizing players
lol
I mean, I don't think players necessarily means higher SMV
i think if it truly worked (as well as RP does for men) you'd use it all the time
idk, if you integrate yourself into their life and become valuable while maintaining OI (and hard dread), people will go far for you
no because you can't do it ALL the time
you need to be valuable enough that the thought of losing you inspires fear
right mads
and then they'll take action to mitigate that fear
k, im going to bed. Ill see you all bright and early tomorrow morning
goodnight :)
when I was poly, my men were much nicer to me when they knew there was competition
I made the mistake ONCE of dropping the other dude to exclusively date one guy
he instantly lost interest in me
and that's when I figured out dread game, before finding trp
damn, that reminds me of a song...
before that, he was all over me
he'd have done anything I wanted
lol
gotta maintain that power if you're going to play like that
aww yiss https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bJyaCRXhjM
<bardolatta> i think if it truly worked (as well as RP does for men) you'd use it all the time
my theory: 1. men who tolerate poly are a very small fringe of men, much smaller than the 80% of women who'll appreciate at least moderate levels of dread
there's no need to use it all the time
2. maybe he was worried you'd get clingy
dragoness: I'm really into this song
and "RP" involves the "use" of about a half dozen different things 
more on 1 - fatty chasers exist - my friend is one
I love that damn song
he genuinely finds plump women hot, but he's a minority
(not that i'm equating fat chasing to poly)
dragoness so what's your dread game?
I've used dread nearly identical to what RP men have
how did you know it "worked"
have the appearance of having - or in reality actually HAVE - one foot out the door
to accomplish...?
be unavailable, emotionally or physically 
oh, this wasn't so much intentional as being due to my actual feelings about the person
accidental dread, so to speak
ah, yep, I've done that sort of dread too
it also works
I stopped giving a fuck or was pulling away because of issues we were having and voila, suddenly he's brought his A-game
i mean I think that kind of implicit ultimatum will get guys to do more stuff
but it's different from male dread, which boosts attraction
meh
like, female dread won't make his dick harder
see, I don't necessarily think male dread boosts attraction
right
both male and female dread inspire fear
it just makes you ....want to do more stuff 
which causes panicky "save the relationship" action
to keep them around/interested 
yep
or at least, that's how dread game feels to me
I feel agitated, not attracted
actually, looking back to my pettier days, a lot of the dread I've employed has been more or less me mirroring their behaviors that were causing me issues 
okay, you go dark on me for hours at a time, show up late, "forget" important things. that's cool.
me too
well, passive dread can make me feel more attracted to a person, I guess. like, normal levels of it
seeing my partner charm some people at a party makes me appreciate him from a new perspective
yeah I still think this is 100% projection >feel more attracted to a person, I guess. like, normal levels of it
like if I lock my wife in a tower guarded by harems I won't lose my attraction to her
but I'm talking about seeing him chatting up people and showing competence 
eunuchs*
<madscilove> seeing my partner charm some people at a party makes me appreciate him from a new perspective
YES
if he starts going dark on me and going out all night like dragoness mentioned
that's so hot
I won't be attracted, I'll be worried
then pissed
"wow, look how socially adept he is!"
I mean.... it's messy, in that dread and preselection and competence
overlap
but that trifecta just doesn't apply to men (mostly), as disappointing as that sounds
preselection doesn't apply to men, I agree
although I do think some men find competence attractive
hmm, idk
incompetence isn't a turn off, and I like competence
but i like innocence more, and her charming people are parties does nothing for me
some men really can't stand incompetence in a woman though 
at the point where it sabotages your life
sure
what does innocence have to do with charming someone at parties?
it doesn't
kind of the opposite
did i link you to that video  of the fake gamer girl?
what I'm saying is, how do they relate?
they're kind of the opposite
because essentially what it sounds like you're saying is  you want a dumb woman
and anyway, I know this isn't RP canon, but I still disagree that competence and skill is irrelevant to male attraction
obviously her looks are the most important
and that you've taken ignorance to mean innocence 
but at least for RMV, it matters
right
this shaming won't work on me because both of the women I've fallen in love with were super smart
off the charts really
what shaming?
but someone can be innocent and smart
"dumb woman"
like that genius from good will hunting
how is that shaming?
^^
"it sounds like you're saying you want a dumb woman"
or any really brilliant, but awkward nerd
i mean it was catty
she might have been wrong in her assumption, but she didn't say it's wrong of you to want that
if it was true
I mean, "dumb" has negative connotations
weren't we having a discussion
I said what it SOUNDED like.... you were free to counter that
right, I was about to get to that
well, I just did, about how innocence and intelligence aren't polarities
I'm just really struggling to see why some girl being charming at a party would be like...a turn off
I don't think I'm smarter now in terms of raw intelligence than I was at 17, but I have more knowledge, wisdom, and cynicism
because she's been around
I didn't mean charming as in "sexually, flirty charming" just to clarify
huh?
right
that's not how I took it or meant it either mads
I didn't understand it like that
you know how teenagers are dumb and idealistic, even when they're smart?
I feel like someone who is charming is socially adept, knows how to be lively and hold a conversation 
(yeah I just used "dumb")
they can still be innocent 
yeah but I feel dirty for being so socially competent (than before)
why dirty?
but in order to pull that off you have to be, well...not dumb
because the world is like that
there's something embarrassing to me about awkwardness. it makes me cringe when I see it in other people IRL
politics is dirty, doing business in nyc is dirty
madscilove++
well yeah it's a turnoff in men
I mean, a defect in men
it doesn't seem dirty to me at all. what's more wholesome than making people happier?
that's all it is, really
I don't find that abnormal - awkwardness turns women off
I mean, I'm still not talking about it at a sexual level
I hate awkwardness in women too
it's physically painful to watch
I don't hate awkwardness in women - at extreme levels it could be harmful, damage relations - but at moderate levels it's charming
I think this touched on how men don't respect women
lonny z
wait were you here, he was arguing with everyone
no
I think so
maybe
he was saying how it's better to be a woman b/c you can not do anything and men will take care of you
etc
oh god, 
and everyone said no, that sucks b/c men don't respect you
yes I was there for that
but I've long since held the belief that omegas/betas are hardcore the ones who are super into really awkward women
dragoness this is definitely true
or really helpless, etc
in that they're more insecure, so they need more awkardness - at the extremes you have /a/ nerds playing japanese games featuring disabled women
hahahaha
but even for completely alpha men, I think they appreciate it in moderate doses
like, madi just said passive dread "works" on her
she's not a drug dealer chasing stripper
but it's still something appreciated in healthy doses
oh?
goddamnit mads you lied to me. AGAIN!?
sry ;_;
like, I know this is disappointing - I've noticed how atlas likes to say that obsession with virginity is an asian/indian thing
when it was super common in western europe 100 years ago - the plot of tess in uberville hinges on the hypocrisy of Angel
who dumps the protagonist b/c she slept with an alpha douche one time - she's not a virgin. She goes back to the alpha, he mistreats her, she murders him.
oh yeah, Angel is a hypocrite
he sowed his wild oats, I remember hating him in the movie
yes but the Victorian and by extension Edwardian periods were historically prudish and purity obsessed 
past my bedtime, I never know how I end up on these topics that I had no intention to discuss in the first place
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskWomen/comments/42c4w6/ladies_last_night_my_so_told_me_you_arent_the/
and once again we have a case of someone who doesn't know when to stfu 
(I don't want to argue this b/c it's a black hole for women - if you're beta, RP offers you hope, but there's nothing you can do to reclaim your innocence short of a five year stay in a convent and extreme religious cleansing)
reclaim innocence for women, you mean?
I don't think men can reclaim their innocence either
I certainly can't
he must mean that awful knowledge of how awful and terrible we really are
I'm not gonna argue that. some men prefer innocence and that's cool. I am not innocent by a long shot, and I frankly don't care
TF bot??
I'm not up in arms about "slut shaming"
I've only met or dated one man who had a STRONG preference for "innocence" 
just do what you're gonna do and accept the natural consequences of it
(on victorianism - I remember reading about this years ago, St. Augustine had to justify to the pagans for why the roman women raped by the vandals shouldn't kill themselves)
dragoness: I've still yet to meet one!
in city of god, or something. His position was their mind was chaste, even if their body wasn't - tl;dr it's not just victorianism
and you just KNOW who I'm talking about
oh no
yes I do
lol
survey data does show western countries are less prudish. but this was in the 1980s
I'm sorry I ever brought this up and I promise never to mention innocence ever again
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2009/01/07/how-to-tell-that-being-called-a-slut-matters-to-girls/
"Maxim #77: Women will screech louder the closer your words get to damaging or exposing vulnerabilities in their sexual market value."
uh, ok. I still don't care though
right, lol
being a slut's never negatively impacted my life
it continues to not matter
ok! gn
plus I have a lot of awesome stories
net positive
see ya
and not being a slut hasn't exactly done wonders for me
being an incel has cratered my soul into a ball of coal
good night
guess which one of us is engaged 
lol
I mean... lol
well that was weird
.soo weird
even weirder since it's not like anyone was getting up in arms about it o_o
apparently saying my life is chill and I've never had any problems is screeching about my vulnerabilities?
idgi
I'm not trying to be mean but I've had a drink so fuck it but...
why don't any normal men ever come here
burnnn
I imagine they're out in the world doing normal-people things
like, we can have discussions, we can even roundly disagree, but we're not exactly whining and throwing tantrums 
I think I've seen more men have meltdowns here than I've ever seen women do the same
I only remember blowing having a mini meltdown
for pretty good reason
ohhh right, that
oh wait, I think I missed pj and pancake too
and see I wasn't even really here for that
well hmm, maybe its more than I thought
this might just be an emotional bunch
you're right!
we're all crazy!
I can attest to that
i've never had a meltdown
bromance9++
tks
well, ok, re: normal men. I tell F about you guys sometimes and they're like "that sounds weird. why are you hanging out with misogynists on the internet?"
wait till you're here a little longer bromance9 
I think that might be the normal response to ppd irc
you're be in a skype screaming match in no time
your brittany moment is yet to come
you're probably right dragoness
whole keyboards will nee to be replaced, tables thrown
u guys on skype?
sporadically 
oh boy. doesn't sound so bad now
i need a new table
lol
I just read that askwomen post you linked
ouchhhh
some things need to just stay in your head!
ty
I dont know what kind of backwards ass person would think that backhanded compliement would ever be ok
what happened, did Minecraft school just let out or something?
hahah
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskWomen/comments/42c4w6/ladies_last_night_my_so_told_me_you_arent_the/cz97ocm
aw
but even still...you never say that to them
right
like that story about not being the best the other day
or if you have to say it to them, you leave off the "you're not th emost attractive"
and cut to all the nice parts
yes
I'm trying to figure out in what context that would ever need to be said
xD
I remember reading something a few weeks ago about this woman whos husband once told her something like "well, you're not the prettiest girl in the world but I'm not the prettiest guy either..." by way of proposal 
bruh!!
owww
well you know, seeing as how we're both ugly as fuck..you wanna maybe..idk, get married, have a couple ugly ass kids? 
Aww, babe, I thought you'd never ask!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XwPCVvMcuE
I love this song, but the "proposal" bit is so awful
lolol
madscilove?
"we ain't getting no younger, we might as well do it
like, gee thanks.
for real! that one line made me side eye the hell out of the whole song for years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnjCl-3pALc
dragoness
haha this is great
who knew how many old people liked the weeknd
right?
it's kind of adorable
it is!
now just let me go find Elders React to Fetty Wap..
FUCK! 
I just spilled an entire glass of orange juice in my bed
nooooo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDT8xr9qUdY
best I could do
okay, brb I need to go throw my comforter in the laundry :(
good luck!
fight the sticky!
https://www.reddit.com/user/dantesinferno1/submitted/
that guy is funny
ole
someone make me go to the gym 
it's soooo ffaaaaarrrrrrrrr
fatass
go to the gym
hehe
stop being so mean red
I like a girl who's chubby yet confident...like katniss
she needed motivation
im going to eat doritos on the treadmill
I mean I ain't gonna be mad if she has a nice fatass
haha
nah that was a straight up neg
katniss take your ass to the gym asap
goddammit, come on little fat ass
good girl!
yay
burning that fat gurl
i will
soon
i've just had coffee
i feel like coffee then gym is a bit risky
yeah you might shart yourself
'zactly 
pretty girls don't poop*
that's a dutch saying
lmao seriously?
what do they call it?
"fluff"
?
Yep
the best we get is "mate, even the queen shits" 
British eloquence at it's finest 
like during high school this was the rage to say
just to piss off the girls ofcourse
fluff hwl?
lol
nvm got it
can someone do my squats for me
the most grueling exercise
really?
must be that I was born with god legs, never have trouble with it
my legs click
my knees*
i HAVE to use straps
otherwise i cant do it
im hoping ti will improve
https://i.imgur.com/FPk3Cdm.png
maybe not quite rabid hypocrisy but amusing nonetheless
blegh
how about just not complaining on social media
fuck social media
settle down Ron Swanson 
Idgi. I've never been moved to make comments like that on social media though since like....yahoo messenger when I was 11
is anyone awake?
I sure am
lol
Still snowed in, but we're having a blizzard party later
morning
where's at
The boys are watching football and the girls are doing arts and crafts haha
east coast?
Yeah
DC/MD/VA area
sounds fun
It should be! Just a double date in with some friends who live walking distance
those were good times
we had MSN
How are you doing?
just waking up, ,slugging down coffee, reading rpw 
that newest thread is ......idk.....eww
oh wait no, I lied. Y! was secondary to the late, great AOL. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ewmv/im_having_trouble_rationalizing_my_personal/
her first paragraph is like....what....
I'd rather not think about how cringy my status updates were back then. 
I think it's a good time to dig
The whole this is like what!
No! 
lol
"RPW teaches us how to maximize our femininity and desirability so men decide to marry and start families with us, fulfilling our purpose as women."
oh man that reminds me, my mom was unpacking some boxes and found my diaries from when I was like 12-15
um
fulfilling our purpose as women?
thats inflammatory and incorrect
the whole thing is   like...
That's gotta be a man
she calls me up and tells me how she started reading some things but they were upsetting then she realized they were my "private thoughts" so she stopped reading
'm the kind of person who will sacrifice myself for the good of others and I'm having difficulty being selfish about this. =/ Any advice?
yeah, get a real problem and come back to us with that
I dont even want to know what she read. but i am curious to know how she expects me to believe she couldn't recognize a diary 
dont want to get married? don
t
easy
"Hello fellow females, which I definitely am. Why should I be a selfish bitch and want to get married when it's such a bad deal for the menz?!"
lol yeah ok, im not crazy then
our favourite SA girl
hey
i should wait until two cups of coffee to read reddit
morning/evening susandeath
thats such a nice thing to say RMBP
hey hey
whats that!?!
amarula is a cream liquer made from marula fruit
oooo that sounds yummen
I use it instead of sugar and milk in my coffee sometimes
it is yum
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42awrv/for_the_members_that_have_been_on_here_for_a_long/
hehhe
an optomist!
eugh i had so many dreams last night, it was exhausting
I couldnt sleep well last night
also exhausting
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42f5gy/reality_check_americans_is_this_kind_of_a/
so..... 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42enoe/for_an_american_male_is_college_pretty_much_the/
we're just to assume those aren't the same person?
really?
hehe
that being said
the first on you posted
it is pretty hollywood
read the body
yeah
it sounds hollywood to me
nerdy guy
makes popular
queue up the montage
Lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/410bjk/the_red_pill_discourages_guys_from_chasing_the/
oh god make it stop
Troll
busy little rw troll
a model no less!
a model who couldn't possibly be selfish and get married!
Intimidating
The intimidating model
yeah
the redpill is a like a parent
oh people
I dont even know
All my friends went to bars and clubs after college til like 30
What planet is everyone on
Where am I?
AtlasB its nerdville
I don't know why people assume college is literally the be all end all to having a social life
you took a wrong turn
well, it's certainly going to be very difficult for a couple of types of men
maybe he's framing his question wrong
do they know some people don't even go to college??
or his statement rather
MANY don't
dragoness: you never went to bed did you
you don't know that
you don't know me
lol, you're on at 9:45 AM. 
its 6
and you were here at like 5AM
I could be getting ready for church right now man, you dont know
good, that's what you need

let his lord and savior show you the way
im sending this from church
now, I just need to find something to wear to *really* impress the drowned god
I hear he digs robes and sandals
lol
okay, gonna get some seaweed for my hair and we're all set
nah, heels and miniskirts. It's in the bible
the things I've seen some people wear to church tho...
I'm 100% certain they spilled out of the club and drove directly to the church to repent 
go on...
haha
I bet some people do do that
there was a club I used to go to
it was called churh
and it was only open on sundays
wow, I kinda like that
yep once a month I used to skip my parents church and go with my friend
where do i sign
Im off to church mom and dad
hahaha
all we get out here are 'Secret Sundayz'
can i wear my turban there
there also used to be a bar called aandklas
near the university
If anything I didn't party in college at all because I had a bf 
aandklas means night school
It was all before and after
typical AtlasB breaking the mold
lol
it just...I mean, people don't die at 25
I actually did party in college, a lot. 
clubs and bars dont like bar your entry ot some shit
I never really thought about that
Well I guess law school is still college
I mean I would have, I just had a bf for most of college 
I didnt party much when I was studying full time
but after
i pretty much never "party"
when I moved to waitress and part time study
then I did a lot
i might go to the pub once ever couple months
yeah but if you were looking for the party lifestyle...
my new years resolution was to go out and get pissed more because this is my last few months of uni
my library all nighters have been soooo wild
Katniss_Granger: I watched a movie about cockney gangsters last night. I thought of you
heheh
hahaha arch i am basically a cockney gangster
they wont let me join their gang because im too intimidating
you do kinda look like you could be one
#truestory
lol
of course
the lil white girls are the most dangerous
its the quiet once you gotta watch out for ;)
oh please tell me which one
right, im gonna get my wobbly ass to the gym byeeeee
I love a good gangster movie
dragoness: Legend
except that one with Tom Hardy
wobbly ass, lol
oh
dragoness: that would be hte one
lol
hahaha
oohh FUCK no
you don't like Tom Hardy, right?
I love him. Just hated the movie
mini?
whatever
why's that?
I remember I wrote an utterly scathing review on IMDB about it I hate it so much
why?
let me see if I can find it because I honestly don't know why
or should I say, cant remember 
actually, maybe I really don't like tom hardy
because he's ruined Peaky Blinders for me
peaky blinders lol?
what's that
I like how you totally 180'd on him
You....you've ever seen it?
in like 4 lines
lol no
because I was sitting here thinking like, "hmm, why DID I hate it so much"
then I remember something else I hated him in
surely he must've redeemed himself by now. Tom Hardy has had a few roles that were great.
are we talking about the same movie
you're talking about the movie where he played 2 twins, right?
Oh yeah, I didn't like the take either
Bane
yeah
best role ever
bane was a good character for the third film
and that other movie with Jessica Chastain 
wow
you guys....
the only thing I didn't like about that series was they ruined the ScareCrow for no reason
I don't fucking like Tom Hardy
dragoness: I noticed. lol. wtf. He's a pretty good actor
haha
damn
and you're talking about Zero Dark Thirty
no
which he had a small role in
no?
another?
bronson probably
not that one. was he in that?
yea, he was a soldier i think
bronson? he was the lead
no
Lawless
i THINK
oh
hm
lol, I was going to say Lawless was a great movie
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
wow yeah, I dont like him at all
ah yeah that movie sucked
that tinker tailor was awful and boring
lawless was GREAT
<happywifelife> that tinker tailor was awful and boring
i need to make an IMDB profile I guesss
sooo awful
i need to keep up with you people
wssssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo awful
i love spy movies
this is sad, my IMDB account is 10yrs old
that was just
blech
lolol
tinker tailor soldier spy was like watching paint dry...
yeah it kinda put me off the whole genre for a while
and all the hipster critics giving it high ratings
they were probably jerking off to the period clothing
I loved how the apolgists were all like "but no, no wait, this is what REAL tradecraft looked like"
the hell is a "tinker tailor soldier spy"
no no no SHUT UP
the worst part is, most of the actors in the movie are some of my favourites
a movie with a phenomenal cast and a terrible script 
its a great movie!!!!
get out
bridge of spies was another disappointment
-------->
i need to see that
hanks is pretty good usually
it was made out to be this tense thriller about complex negotiations
well at least THAT Tom hasn't disappointed me
it sucks
don't watch it
I'll take your word for it
I actually can't remember watching a good spy thriller in the last 6 years or so
Hmm. I wonder what other actors I subconsciously hate...I feel like I can't trust my own judgement anymore
blinded by his bangability I guess.
lol
Johnny Depp I don't like
I think he's a terrible actor
johnny depp used to be cool
he doesn't do it for me
it went downhill ever since the pirate movies
I was never very impressed with him the way others seemed to be
there's another big name who's actually a terrible actor IMO, but I can't remember them
and he overacted a lot
I like Christian Bale. 
I almost always buy him
as whoever
I don't know, johnny depp had that movie where he sold his life away. was brilliant
oh man, I'm so good at this game. give me a movie he's been in and Im sure I could guess
dragoness: I honestly couldn't even guess a movie, i'm blanking
ugh
oh
but i'm soooo booooored
it's ben afleck
I bet its Ben Afleck 
see. 
although he was GOOD in Gone Girl
the only johnny depp movie i like is dead man
yay!
that's the first time i've liked him
dragoness++
hahaha I'm totally fucking with you
shoul di remove it?
I know
where do they SEE "fulfilling our purpose as a woman"
but that was pretty funny
I've never seen Gone Girl... I really should
on our sub?
i watched it the other day
the movie I was thinking of, The Brave. Turns out he even directed it. co-wrote the screenplay too.
is was ok, crazy chick played a good crazy chick
johnny depp that is
it's pretty honest tot he book
oh good, I wouldn't stand for being accused of being a lying, shameless karmawhore
.karma
yes...YES
it's increasing
gone girl was a bit of a slow burn tbh, they could've cut an entire half hour from that movie
muahah
well no because they wanted it to be the book
people hate book movies that cut shit out
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ewmv/im_having_trouble_rationalizing_my_personal/cza180p
I totally can't stand that
the fastest way to make a bad book movie is to start cutting things
it's not like the book is Macbeth or anything
the LOTR had to otherwise the movie would ahve been like 4 days long
lol
okay, I'm gonna watch it tonight if they actually did work toward sticking close to the source material 
instead of 9 hrs
there was an entire half hour of people giving ben affleck mistrustful stares. WE GET IT.
have you read it Mashakos?
my friend read it dragoness 
its so damn good
I haven't read gone girl, no
really wish everyone would've read it way before the movie was announced
it's basically RP hate porn
the movie at least
meh
if people are talking about gone girl
please go to #gotppd
I would appreciate no spoilers
I think the convo is over
we're not spoiling tho...
we've reached the climax of dragoness saying she'll watch it
right, lol
it's worth a watch
thanks
now comes our refratory period
i dont want to watch it because im sure its terrible but im always curious whats so "rp" about it
refractory
the plot of the movie: AWALT
ok well that's a spoiler
...
no it isn't
....
well whatever lets drop it
right
AtlasB: it's about a failing marriage. 
can't say anymore
who is the director? everything he's done I liked. Except Alien 3....
oh i thought there wa smurder
david fincher
yes!
he shot his wad with fight club
there is crime in it AtlasB , yea
please PLEASE watch it then AtlasB 
or read it if you have some time
the game, seven and fight club were good
I actually really think you'd like the book
david fincher is INTP for sure
i have 15 books next to my bed gathering dust
lol
ill probably never read again
i just started reading again
hahaha
#FeelsGood
Oh, Architect, have you seen The Town? 
I'm sure you have
im sure I haven't
source: am Architect 
WHAT!? 
WIth Ben Afleck? 
lol
what's it about?
I don't know AtlasB, he did direct social network 
imdb time..
was that actually a high quality film qua film?
he hasn't completely lost his touch
social network? that was a brilliant film
yeah, it should be gone
I couldn't stand the Social Network
it's trollllll
overblown piece of shit drivel 
she/he has plenty of em
wat??
self-indulgent trip with a hipster score
it's about the creation of facebook, so yea, I doubt it's good
the fuck outta here
is that interesting?
I also doubt the new Steve Jobs movie is any good
NO
who coul dpossibly care
because I hate steve jobs mostly
and why would that make it a good FILM qua film?
bullshit! it showed that zuckerberg had balls
how?
no
don't please dont
im not asking if nerds like a movie about zuckerberg
im asking if its a high quality film
it is a GOOD film
gtfo dragoness 
ah ok so no
i only like great film
lol
it's not mind blowing, yeah
its low q with a touch of arrogance 
"a touch" being the understatement of the year
bubye
you couldn't relate to the characters dragoness 
I get it
I don't wanna talk about it. 
so what you mean is, you like dth esubject matter
probably all the jargon
i literaslly could not care less about zuckerjews story
atlasB why do you hate jews
i am one silly
the movie portrayed the life of a struggling developer well
really i think computers are part of why they cant write movies anymore
and showed the risks zuckerberg took
how are they going to make a romanc emovie that all takes place in SMS
ew nerd debate
sms, lol
Im not even a film snob but the TSN legit pisses me off to this day
well, the creator of whatsapp was an amateur boxer from russia 
you could probably make a good movie out of that
really?
yeah
lol
why is that even interesting
so why dont you like jews
i love jews i am a jew
its called self deprecating humor
jews invented it
could be interesting to see a movie about someone who is smart but isn't a hipster
girls arent funny.
TIL
ha. ha. atlas 's jews atlas 's jews
lolol
I mean, the firm was a good movie
so was a few good men
ew
good movies are a waste of my time
both about work
thats what any moive thats not BAD now is
just "good"
forgettable
jesus, I legit just read that as a JEW good men
instantly
not quotable or memorable
hahah
a few good men is not forgettable imo
people are still quoting full metal ljacket
especially considering it was set in guantanamo 
whos quoting gone girl
i have to hear if witzie like gone with the wind
shes making her internet mommy so happy watching my movies lol
did she just now see it?
yeh last night
i found it online
i watched it too
lol
Gillian Flynn actually writes really great (read: horrible...so, realistic) women
againn
i remember getting kicked out of lit class for laughing insanely through that movie
but i enjoyed the books
it just never ceases to amaze me
the two greated american novels
happywifelife: you were laughing at gwtwt?
top selling to this day
that's true actually. I have to agree with AtlasB there
oh hell yes
are both written by women
FMJ is highly quotable
why?
featuring strong female characters youd think feminists would die for
female characters that carry entire 1600 page novles
and feminists are like *yawn*
that is because
because they arentleftist
thats why
scarlett isn't bitchy enough to be deemed a "strong independent woman"
if you werent going to type that dont bother
shes super bitchy
shes margaret mitchells critique of th ewomen of the 30s
she is stubborn, but not snippy
snippy = bitchy to me
what, you mean like sarcastic and cutting or...?
internet feminists seem to think condescension and sarcasm equate to intelligence
now they have milo to deal with
i would call cutting bitchy
right
it's say that's the primary eg of being a bitch
im just glad she watche dit because of its place in film and american history
even if you dotn like GWTW
its place is undeniable
it has to be known
like canon
even on technical merits gwtw is worth a watch
for its time
they did amazign things
only a few years before it was released movies were silent 
trivia
they filmed th eburning of atlanta scene first
they were burnign down th epurple elephants sets
of dw griffiths intolerance
anyway
to get rid of them
i like to self deprecate, u callin me a jew?
and thats what those were
yes
jew
dank jew
ill see you in the gas chamber
eww
too close to jewdank, I'll pass
Mountain Jew
what's jewdank?
bless you for not knowing
now I must know
it's nothing worth knowing. worry not. never pollute your mind. 
it's the jewish version of dane cook
obviously
lol, there ya go
well, I just bought the book atlasb so we're halfway there
the book is much better
you get to hear everything in er mind
top five movies you've ever watched. Go.
the devils
the ruling class
gwtw
at play in the field of the lord
the mission
mountains of the moon
man who would be king
black robe
kiss of th espider woman
ok cool, you have more than five 
finally getting hubs to take the meyers/briggs
she'll keep going on like this for about another hour
clockwork orange
apocalypse now
fine by me!
cotton club
this should be interesting
godfather 1+2
goodfellas
drok has her programmed that way when someone asks this
pulp fiction
lolol
;p
once upon a time in america
ragtime
dangerous liaisons
YES
im going to have to rent that for witz
cant find it free
aww
i dotn know how to find all these free movies
taxi driver
deliverance
INTP
network
I torrent when I really can't find something otherwise but meh
i dotn know what torrent is
I doubt my husband would indulge me and take it haha
architect...??
for me: godfather 1+2, lotr, seven, the first matrix, 2001
tucker a man and his dream
it's taken me two years to get him to
yus??
He thinks it's bunk, which ok, fine, but it's fun
2001 is important but hasnt stood the test of time
oh, AtlasB 
how have you not shown atlas how to torrent
barry lyndon
kickasstorrents.to
ooh wait, replace the first matrix with silence of the lambs
looking
you didnt mention a client though Architect
I also want to give him a DT trait personality test
5/10 for you
deluge
oh, just download normal Bittorrent
ohhhh i need him to tdo that one
it blocked th e webnsite
that is the client you need
I use utorrent 
you shouldn't torrent in the US
oh Ran, kurosawa
dangerous
it's file sharing so it is probably flagged as malware AtlasB 
it's safe
hero, house of flying daggers and curse of the golden flower
traise the red lantern
no, torrents are tracked in the US
kagemusha
and utorrent was bought by the FBI 
fyi
I'll go out on a limb and call my husband... emotionally disconnected
parents are making me wash my car and get dirty 20 minutes before work
if we are going to keep listing movies, Old Boy
just because they have cleaned all theirs
it's not illegal to dl torrents, only to distribute them
what about using the torrent?
raise the red lantern is one of my all time favorite
your ISP will ban you in the US
i can't find it though
isnt it??
omg, one of the first subtitled i ever saw
you know its the same director that made house of flyuing daggers
i watched it again and again
so good
i love that one too
its free on youtube
either that or you'll get a $100,000 fine
?? sweet
im fairly certain. At least here in Canada, if a movie developer wants to go after torrenters, they just tell the ISP to ask them to stop
hes the greatest visual artist in film
zhang yimou
so we get emails from our ISP
him tarsem and zak snyder
hey, what's that martial arts movie about an emperor and his family?
oh another amazing movie: Hero
even tho zak snyder shot his wad with the watchmen
shogun?
i listed hero
show gun? mashakos?
curse of the golden flower mashakos
?
with the gold and silver warriors
Yes! Curse of the Golden Flower
same director
zhang yimou
genius
yes
must watch
ithink he has a brain disorder that alters is experience of color
Hero is better though
theres soemthing abnormal there
yeh heros the best one
simpler
hero house of flying daggers and curse of the goldn flower
simpler makes for a stronger message
the colors in flying daggers tho
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLkedDMb8vI
directors went crazy when colour grading became digital
the genghis khan movie was also amazing
what was it called? released a few years ago
mongol?
ah, Mongol
yeah
a hidden gem: The Machinist
also, Cube
I don't watch a lot of classic movies but the The Egyptian surprised me
scarlett ohara was a treacherous little cunt with a horrifyingly shrill whiny voice 
lololz
maybe it was the acting style of back then I react really badly to
that's the reason i laughed the whole way through, mashakos
almost nothing of how she acted made sense 
self absorbed and ungrateful
what witzie just said
yes
ah
she was
from beginning to end
she wa slike my mom
its a genuine female archetype
this movie, brilliant https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjPfurh8zoA
the film style and drama is one thing
my mom is like that
the story itself is awesome
youre not supposed to "like" her
I don't know any woman that bad
i knew tons
thats what "women" were like to me
not nice internet INTJs
lol
hehe
scheming machiavellian
opportunisitc
yeah scarlett didn't seem completely alien to me
it didn't even make sense anyway 
treacherous
rhet seemed loads more alpha than whashisface
yes well thats the thing
yeah but status]
ashley was so alien to her
also to be fair
leslie howanrd is poorly cast
everyone knows that
what fascinates her about ashley is his true aristicracy and difference
rhett was the bad boy, ashley was the goodie two shoes with money
shes half plug ugly irish peasant and exactrly like her dad
rhett had more money
she wishes she wa slike he rmom and ashley
he didn't have land though
it was a childhood dream
and a family name
shes 16 at the beginnign and 27 by the end
shes crushe don him at 16 and never got over it
anyway youve seen one of th emost important films in the us film canon thats all tha tmatters
yep
trivia about her mother
her mother ellen is one of thegreat alpha widows
of all time
cool, The Egyptian is on youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QGrqYm4GVs
they left it out of the mvie
i read the book
I understand scheming and manipulating, I love cersei 
right
but scarlett's so haughty and shrill for no reason
she had selfish narcissistic petty scheming
yes
the reason is her bad character
shes a shallow vain narcissistic foo
she's a typical social butterfly
who throws away happiness with both hands
but did you liek mammy lol
yeah
when they focus on mammys face
when she lies to frank kennedy
my h always cracks up
mammy partially killed that girl by making her ride side saddle
yeh
in reality tho
cerseis are barely extant
and machiavellian women
usually exert it in their personal live slike scarlett
yep
she lived from moment to moment
like that tv show, gossip girl. A girlfriend tried to make me watch it.
"ill think about it tomorrow"
having to sit through an episode felt like abuse
for me gwtw was rhett's difficult journey in getting scarlett to grow up
anyway  ellen he rmother
is actually an alpha widow
damn
at 16 she wa sin love with he rcousin phillippe
who was a bad seed
and driven away from her
70% of the iraqis refugees left finland
an dkille din a bar fight
and thats why she agreed to marry gerald
rhett was basically sacrificing his happiness, so that scarlett becomes the woman he wants her to be
gerald won tara in a card game
did scarlett even have sex with her first husband
yes they have a baby
its left out
she has 3 kids
AtlasB: ok, I think the book will make me angry
i like when rhett says did you ever think of marrying for fun?
I would get AWALT overload
and she says "fun? fiddle dee dee, fun fo rmen you mean"
lol
books
yeah lol that was funny
overall did you like it as a movie?
yeah 
very long
yeh
the acting style is different 
cuz old
right
I don't really care for it
thats why i didnt recommend a lot of old one
thats just one must see
the way they talk
annoys me
ppl who are used to post method acting usually have troubel with old movies
the 60s on i sbetter
i lov eold movies tho
i love the 30s
one of my favorite times
theres ONE silent film on your netflix q
metropolis
the 1st real sci fi movie
german
german expressionist, fritz lang
nosferatu deserves a mention as well
witzie needs to skype narate that film
its really a must see to be educated in film
yeh nosferatu
i like silent films because theyshow ho wmodern the 20s was
not like weird feminist history
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbK76okexVk 
this never fails to make me die laughing
I can watch old movies as long as they don't have a lot of "Hey there Jimmy Bob! Fine weather we're having today!". The over cheeriness in those movies would kill it for me.
lozlzlz
how are they so physically uncoordinated?
the one who jumps in slow mo making frog legs ROFLMAO
are they retarded?
yeh mashakos i dont like his girl friday because of that
I guess we went over this yesterday
lol
AtlasB: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KU6J9jnZt2s
but i like when jennifer jason leigh does rosalind russell in hudsucker proxy lol
iv elinked to that 1000000 times
smacking?
haha
lol
the good ol' days
<Mashakos> I can watch old movies as long as they don't have a lot of "Hey there Jimmy Bob! Fine weather we're having today!". The over cheeriness in those movies would kill it for me. 
WHY DO YOU HATE  TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD SO MUCH!?!?
the clip from Airplane, classic
I actually don't like TKAM
https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*ACk9ZvXq5fSMKNtqxqxs8g.png 
this chart is funny
it was good, kind of a letdown in some ways though
I only read the book
classic film adaptations are generally terrible
the fountainhead, what a clusterfuck....
i love the fountainhead
king vidor!
it was like the script writer could not comprehend that Howard Roark is a human being
the movie had a bit of that over cheeriness and provincial slowness of the diologe you were talking about Mashakos, that's what I meant. 
*dialogue 
i think she was very closely involved
with the film
the heiratic style reflects her writing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sw5YACKiPAk
lol witzie
eh, writers don't know film making works. Stephen king's movie adaptations were mostly terrible - and he was involved in almost all of them.
witzie why  aren't you dating your Asian dream husband yet?
the best film adaptations wer emisery and the shining
an dthe shining is only good
I dated an asian man, he  played too much league of legends
hahaha witzie oh god that was the best click  of the morning 
because it LEFT OUT most of stephen kings deux ex machina magic trash
AtlasB: what's with Howard Roark's perpetual grimness?
sounds like great relationship material witzie
all her characters ar ehumorless and grim
lol
I wanna make a chart to put beside it
that speech should have been delivered in a cool, matter of fact style
"I PERSONALLY believe sluts are great relationship material" "I don't believe SOCIETY believes sluts are great relationship material"
it was precool, pre method acting
see the AM hamster wheels psin at that
in the movie it is like he is at a wake
well he's in med school now RedManBearPig  
probably still playing league of legends
the fountainhead NEEDS a remake.
so he's doing two careers at once? admirable 
all these dumb ass liberals who call the book juvenile, have not created anything 
they cannot comprehend what goes into being a creator, an innovator
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42f0w3/me_25f_with_my_husband_33m_of_two_years_why_wont/
this is so odd
AtlasB: I realise why I liked social network. The movie reminds me of the fountainhead
no spoilers, but zuckerberg was a tthe same crossroads as howard roark
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42f0w3/me_25f_with_my_husband_33m_of_two_years_why_wont/cza239b
wtf
the fuck is wrong with guys who are so against showering
those posts pop up every couple months. IDGI
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42f0w3/me_25f_with_my_husband_33m_of_two_years_why_wont/cza1zdi
and the women are just at their witzie end
ewwwwwwwwww
*wits
wtf
this guy didn't shower for like 10 years
LOOOOOOOL
that was magic dragoness 
SerNemesis thats NASTY
lol Architect
ikr
" I just wouldn't shower, probably not more than once or twice a year, not even when I went to the gym. I kept this up until I was almost 21." 
starting from age 10
oh god
fucking anglos
at least we aren't the ones that smell like moldy curry when we sweat a little
this guy wrote a post once about his gf not showering though (bleh)
i used to know an indian guy who reeked
REEEEKED
something something she was abused as a child
what a homo story
I don't think it was him being dirty even
im sure he showered
in a hot country you need to shower at least twice a day
his personal smell was just obnoxious
http://www.todayifoundout.com/index.php/2011/05/why-bathing-was-uncommon-in-medieval-europe/
dirty curry eaters
my h doesn tshower much
lol
oh yeah that is the curry Architect 
yeah because it's winter and your nose is dead AtlasB 
well what isn't much?
haha
i liek the way he smells
becaus eim insane
lol
i think i love every molecule of him
that makes sense
pheramones and shit
it also makes scents
I really do think some women who are into their men get addicted to their funk to some degree
i LOVE the way my chick friend smells
but not after like....MONTHS
of no bathing
she's probably a good match for me
but women who dont bathe?
biologically
Architect> i LOVE the way my chick friend smells <-- creepy creeper! lol
i dont get
for real
tho when i was younger i actually didnt generate armpit smell
I don't get people who don't bathe
apparently
men don't stink less than women lol
I didn't either until I was like 20
i actually didn't wash my hands very often when I was young
meh, maybe 19
deodorant was totally optional 
i never wash my hands
when I started washing my hands all the time, I started getting sick a lot less
lol
gooo figure
i never get sick becaus ei have a dirt induced immune system
yeah I hate washing my hands
loool
i was a late bloomer dragoness 
thats why all the vealpen kids have asthma and allergies and shit
you have to roll kids in dirt
see, I wash my hands constantly. all the time and for no reason
so, I can get Blue Valentine for $10. Should I go for it?
other than that they might feeeell a little funny
my hands are like white-dry right now. I need moisturizer
I don't think its an OCD thing either
but sadly yeah, my heads are forever dry
dragoness> see, I wash my hands constantly. all the time and for no reason <-- I think you are my illegitimate daughter. I do that too.
lolol
that sounds so incredibely white architect
well, im not a very black black person
im pretty white
do you get ashy Architect 
lol
witzie: yea. 
i get a lot of ingrown hair
when I was a little girl I expressed awe to my black friends at how "shiny" they were 
they all laughed at me
and showed how they look without lotion
loool
yep, it's the secret to black don't crack
like i always say
i got all the shitty black genes
skin lotion, applied religiously
like dry skin
except my face
my face is oil central
in summer
im making myself sound gross right now. 
come at me ladies
lol
haha
running makes you smell better overall
excercising makes you smell better
because testosterone
does it?
oh, must be a man thing
yeah
fit people smell better than not fit people
i used 3 different types of hand cream throughout the day
you don't sweat acid 
mine aren't getting dry until im dead dammit
just water, mostly
hence, less smell
and gaterade
<Katniss_Granger> i used 3 different types of hand cream throughout the day
I have a nervous habit of applying lotion and handcream
me too, im figity 
handcream gives me something to do
http://imgur.com/vmafNh4
lool
its so embarrassing in certain scenarios 
like why are you lubing up right now?
intp and intj get along retty goo dive found
lmaoo
i get along with intps but their argument style can cause conflict eventually
intjs get along best with anyone they share 3 elements with
I was on skype with carkudo not too long ago just lotioning away. ugh god
pahahahahaha
uh oh
that's some hardcore hamstering of a statue
cept maybe istj
I'M NOT TRYING TO SEDUCE YOU!
dont get the incel excited ;)
dragoness: name drop
guys, she's name dropping here
she wants you to know she knows Carkudo personally
wtf? he and I have both talked about it several times
here
NAAAAAAME
DROOOOOOOOOOOOOOP
i dont even know what glycerine hand cream is but i use it
it sounds like poison
it's hand cream make out of explosive chemicals
yaaay
well glycerine is probably poison
idc. does it kept me moist?
but it also is extremely explosive
most dangerous hand job ever
im actually surprised you're allowed to buy glycerine to put it in a cream
maybe they have to prove they are only using it for cream
that's usually what you have to do
yeah
he went back to sleep before the DT one.  I already know the answer though
I would slather myself in Agent Orange if it could keep my skin from being dry so..
whoah https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYeNtsknUQs
what do you say is their argument style?
this news clip might be a movie spoiler
"glycerin and calcium to help restore moisture and prevent dryness" i idk but i'll use it anyway
omg i am so in love with this farm 
http://www.fromfieldtofeast.com/flying-coyote-farm/
and i have a royal jelly one, again not a clue what royal jelly is but im using it cause it says "extra intensive"
i just applied to them for the year, and got a really awesome response
and then cocoa butter for the nice smells
you know what I've realized
about myself
marketting works on me
you're black
oh
ok
no, i haven't realized that yet. I still think im white because I can call a taxi and it comes
that too
hahaha
i've made curry but im worried its gonna be too hot, someone come test it for me
i love spicy
ill test it
<Mashakos> whoah https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYeNtsknUQs
wait, I think Jane Valez Mitchel used to date Tom Leykis. 
also, WTF
ikr?
AWALT!!!
i dont mean to boast but i am SUCH  good cook
"Laurie Ann Martinez was sentenced to five years of probation and 180 days of electronic monitoring Sacramento Police Departmen"
oh hell no
what's your best meal Katniss_Granger ?
i dont think it counts as cooking if it's just shoved in a slow cooker but still
for nearly wrecking a man's life. wtf
chicken ragout architect 
and she went to.....extraordinary lengths at that
lol, that's good
sounds good
quick question to anybody
name three dishes/items you think of when you hear "soul food"
greens
beans
collards
chitlings
pigfeet
baked beans
corn bread
oxtail
thats what i meant by greens
corn pone
hush puppies
<AtlasB> chitlings
8:45 AM <@AtlasB> pigfeet
HAHAHAHA
okay
greens, beans, hushpuppies
fried chicken...? I have no idea
chicken and dumplings
lolol atlasb has just taught me not to be annoyed 
about what lol
never mind guys!
oh
im the first black ops of PPD, i know htese things
this dude kept insisting that I told him I knew how to make (and in fact often ate) chitlings and pigsfeet.
lolol
I was like No, no NO. I NEVER  told you that. EVER WTF
he's like yes, you totally did. you said so. YOU SAID SO
this went on for half an hour
all black people look alike, maybe he's mixing you up with his girl Denise 
until I learned that I mentioned cooking and said something long ago about liking to cook. I guess he asked me what and I said "soul food" 
right
lol
so that's what he assumed 
heh
thats soul food
all else is just southern food
and just let his mind go there
not soul specific
errbody in the south loves fried chicken
like, greens, lima beans & ham, cornbread,  yeah, I get that
it was the pigsfeet thing that threw me
https://youtu.be/Y5qKNlcUwKs?t=54s
I'm like now either i'm just going into fugue states and lying to white men about my cooking abilities or he's a racist!!
lol that guy behind mountais of fried chicken cracks me up every time
damn I miss St. Louis 
ugh, now I want greasy friend chicken and sweet tea
my h just yelled "bitch!" in his sleep pn the top of his luns
dreamign of me
lol
how sweet
haha
don't the actors look retarded in this vid when the harmonica starts? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w-58hQ9dLk
can't watch, atlas's link forced me to watch a slew of nelly videos 
AtlasB: I'm still trying to figure out what is going here
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42dgen/q4rp_construct_this_scenario/cz9hpiq
it seems like they are trying to ask a gotcha question
https://www.reddit.com/r/childfree/comments/42fuan/my_blood_is_boiling/
oh please
people put political opinions on facebook all th etime
because there is faulty logic built into the question itself
shame on them for not agreeing with your personal sensibilities, hm
Drok you have alot of patience 
wait...she felt like people were shoving their views down her throat
so she decided to shove HER views down theirs?
Jack4ss: haha more so on the internet
because her views are RIGHT dragoness 
lol
haha
"Also, one of my friends that shared the post has a one year old son and finds it ok to constantly show us pictures and videos of him and gush about how cute he is despite the fact nobody asked."
what a despicable person!
I don't visit childfree so idk but...is it like a child-hate sub???
because...
she "finds it okay".. lolwut? oh right yeah, how dare a mother do that. keep those gross little crotchdroplings away from me at all costs!
drok i found that post incomprehensible
yeah
which is why my first respone was just asking the question
im due to the insult, i feel this person has their mind made up and trying to do a gotcha thing
but that is because there in a error in their question
its like a logical fallacy is built in
to it
I understand where Xemnas is coming from when he talks about logical fallacies
Its frustrating
hm
sounds like a typical case
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41xp0x/q4_women_of_ppd_who_are_considered_at_least/cz70bou
of the-world-revolves-around-me-even-when-it-doesnt
That's a neat farm happywifelife 
(the child post that is)
Such healthy looking plants
yeah it is!  They accepted my application and now the second part
"arguments" like this annoy the fuck out of me, but  I'm no better for even being involved in it. 
their style and focus is almost identical to the last farm i worked with
I want to do the CSA this year.  I'm bad about saving up for it!
CSA is such a great thing
it's nice when farms let you break the year's cost into payments though
Yeah, maybe the local one has something like that now.  It's been a couple of years since I looked
drok its because they cant understand generalizations
lol
my answer would be to drop the average man
and average woman
in the woods alone
that must be the incel version of a hot flash
and see what happens
but the they would pull one survivalist owman out of their asses
They have an online shop now where you can add things to your basket.  Neat!
and one basement dwellign neckbeard
and say
see see
https://www.reddit.com/r/childfree/comments/42g9t1/sweet_so_but_it_made_me_angry/
awww
a woman can survive and a man cant!
god OP is such a bitch
yep
"My first reaction was to be very angry"
pleasant person
why would u have a subreddit for people with no children
sounds like attention whoring by default
lol EmilyCharland advocates the friends-first strategy for men: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz9m5jr
it's the crazy people that actively don't want children and hate them
LOLOL 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCiS_CMShRs
I hope sometime to be able to offer CSA
hm
I don't know what to think about that judgement SerN
emilys comment goes well with camilles post
about dominance levels
and how mrps
https://www.reddit.com/r/childfree/comments/42g9t1/sweet_so_but_it_made_me_angry/cza3h7g 
theyre such dicks
try to turn LLL or LHLs
into HLH
" You just gotta keep trying and keep trying to connect with a girl on more levels than just pure sexual attraction " <-- LOOOOOOL
right
wait
if your wife thinks you're unattractive, no amount of niceness is going to change that
wtf is wrong with those people
CONNECT
are they reading too much literotica or sth
I used to hate it when parents would let their kids order and pay without knowing wtf they wanted to not having the money to pay
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/41vdgc/q4bp_how_often_do_you_get_laid/cz9m5jr
but that's when I was cashiering 
her advice is as useful as telling a girl to clean the house every day in order to get her man to notice her
lol
all it takes
is no pants
BAM your husband noticed
even then it depends
yeah
depends on how common it is
how much cellulite are we talkin' here?
churchianity is 100% female imperative
like dalrock writes about
emilycharland exemplifies it
see this is why I don't advise people on how to get more sex from their SOs
fair point mashakos
female imperative = civilization, male imperative = arab shithole
because "lol "I dunno, be sexier" isn't really helpful
lol
haha witz
witize have you ever seen pulp fition?
fiction*
it son your netflix q
I seen it
I seen a lot off that actually
oh ok cool
pulp fiction, shining 
a few others
right
arabs are getting all the hardcore pron sex men in the west aren't getting
i just put everythign i remotely liked on
oh yeah clearly
reservoir dogs, american beauty
Ive seen those
oo you saw american beauty
cool
love that
getting so much porno sex they're literally blowing themselves up with excitement 
hey AtlasB, you watched Blue Valentine? 
no i dont liek movies abotu people
american beauty was my favourite movie for a few years
Nononoo
what?
I liked it, would never call it a favorite 
american beauty is one of th emost RP films in history
its brilliant
it was my favourite
Yeah
kevin spacey plays a similar men
in the ref
did you see that
Excruciating reality
no
"bang bang bang the corpse has the floor!"
its interestign because its a comedy
with dennis leary
but it features the story of a typoical marriage
at its worst point
in it
and how learys presennce
helps them fix themselves as a family
Ooooh
all the little things that drive a marriage apart
Okay
grudges resentments
no but its fucnny
very funny
dennis leary is great
adding it to the list
poor ted demme died too soon
cocaine and obesity at 35
atleast he died the hedonistic way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyqFgpmoiFo
Does anyone do their own gel polish? I'm eyeing some supplies on amazon
the eyeroll
perfect
it son your q
Hi PPDBot 
emilycharland is ridiculous
who is that?
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/41nioz/sympathy_for_the_terper_a_lot_of_women_are_bitches/
oh yeah her
I bet she says stuff like
"I just get on better with men"
"women are just so much drama"
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42dgen/q4rp_construct_this_scenario/cz9hpiq
ya'll are drama
keep that in mind
I'm off to go see labyrinth in the cinema MUCH EXCITE
Well R just explained why you can't tell a girl you want to have sex with her from the jump to his son
Lol
lol
It's rude to be forward
how is this "RPW"? i can tunderstand what ppl see when they read our sub
http://imgur.com/gallery/YSc82
Girls get embarrassed and don't want to talk to you lol
Where is that from?
wth is that
TBP
idgi
I dont get it
I feel dumb
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/42d3nn/rpw_irl_youre_so_innocent/
is that innocent chick supposed to be a RPW?
dunno
ask tbp
its like they dont even read th sub
they dont
<AtlasB> http://imgur.com/gallery/YSc82
hahahaha
amusing as I actually found that, I still see no correlation 
Poorly made and terrible execution
it seems even *they* didnt get it
This movie is garbage
Only ten year olds would laugh to this
"Let's be cops"
please tell me you're not actually watching that right now
I am
I'm so sorry
my condolences 
The actors in it are funny
Aren't they from new girl
Idk or care
I had to endure a fat man's balls get dragged over q black man's head
From behind
Z is cackling Cuz it's so funny to him lol. I'm like :| 
you talking about that dymbass cop movie?
Yeah
Sadly
an hour and a half of my life I'm not getting back
I don't get why Damon Wayans is funny tbh
I knew he looked familiar
his whole schtick is him acting as gay as possible
Regardless
He's the junior one
the runt is always the lowest achiever
oh shit, I thought Damon Wayans was his brother 
easy mistake
theres like 7 or more of them
They're a fucking tribe
his father was funny, the son is just coasting on the likeness
Of black centric comedians
He's the one on new girl and happy endings
I like tv
Watching men listen to women makes me sad
hehe, sometimes losing frame is justified http://pastebin.com/imxNYgz3
I don't, but let me know how it goes passerby6 
frame?
https://www.facebook.com/iZainMalik/videos/1083556678355603/
this is awesome
lol
i bet that brown guy would have trouble getting laid in US
not
hahaha witzie that is awesome
Wow he's cute
isnt it?
yeah he is
the girls are cute too
so is the girl next to him
yeah
Cute brown people
yes brown people are cute
I think so
do you think hed be on TRP crying he couldnt get a white girl?
hed be at a club
dresse din his eurotrash clothes
buying blondes drinks and dancing
???
he would be in india
if he wa sin US i mean
ah right lol
you think hed "uncool" suddenly in US?
I can't click that but zain malik is the ONe Direction guy
he's super rich
he wouldn't be in america though
the immigration criteria tend to select for uncool
Architect that's not who's in the video
what's it about?
He's get in
This Indian guy beat boxes
And then get it in amirite??
While girls sing
oooh
cool
Is that like a Bollywood actor?
What's a quality online women's clothing store
no just a random dude
With classic styles and cuts? Not mod cloth
hah i would have said modcloth
although i just get what they sell straight from ebay for 1/3 cost
Why does this puppy eat poop when he has perfectly good food in his bowl? WHY, PUPPY?
lol
hey, I'm not quite done with that!
bonus to dogs eating poop, you dont have to scoop it
I just want more quality clothes
Dog logic.
More mature cuts
http://www.theblaze.com/contributions/dear-millennial-men-dont-be-afraid-of-marriage-and-fatherhood/ Men shaming men
There are more vintage styled sites.
Oh. I guess
He's no shah ruhk khan
Umm... LeBombShop, I think?
That works until they sneak up on you and lick your face, happywifelife :p
Or my lover
yes LoT, thats the downside
Amitahb bachan what ever his name is
I'll check it out
I've heard that before
Gets mad when his food bowl is empty. Fill food bowl. Proceed to eat poop anyway. #doglogic
The article gets good at the end.
Speaking of which, can someone tell me how good sulfate-free shampoo & conditioner are?
I didn't notice a difference.
I hear some people really singing the praises of them, so I bought some. Tried it out last night. I'lll have to see how my hair changes over time, I guess.
http://www.modlily.com/v-neck-elastic-waist-printed-maxi-dress-g130680.html
!!! i want
By the way, interesting article, Lifter!
i listen to the blaze at night when i go to sleep
say what you will about glenn beck, him and stu and the other guy he does a show with crack me up
Sunhappy I've always liked New York & Co for more mature, business oriented clothing.
Cute.
I want to post that article on TRP
But I'm not a dude
So I won't
But I think a lot of men would benefit from a perspective like that.
Like "there are options beyond 'I take my ball and go home'."
Stu is funny
I'm sure they'd complain if it was posted. Probably would call the OP a beta loser somehow.
When he fills in for Glenn I don't even miss Glenn
Yep.
they have no idea how stupid they sound... http://i.imgur.com/DZj3fkN.png
I love how Glenn even handled the creation of the blaze
You forget he was on CNN
Then he got too big for fox then he was like I don't even need y'all
He recouped his ratings via subscription in like 3 months
can't we just shoot these people?
make it legal to do so
http://www.nyandcompany.com/nyco/prod/new/must-haves/sharkbite-hem-halter-dress-/A-prod6200004/#An-102880&page=&No=&Nrpp=60
Lol
It sounds like WWI in the living room :(
Oh, that's a pretty color.
Thats lovely
I may need to start shopping in petite
WW1 is a very specific reference XD
I was excited to get a nice Calvin Klein dress from Burlington for like $30 when it was originally over $120. :3
Its like the boys are dropping bombs on each other
This is every weekend they're together but that was a lot
Sounds like they are getting stir crazy
Oooo girl
Get dem deals!!
I had my physical last week and discovered I'm almost 5'6", not almost 5'7" like I thought
Lol
It looks like it's an old style based on my Google searches, but it's pretty, so whatever.
My one of my friends thought he was 5'7" and the dr told him he's 5'5"
I'm sorry * 5'5.5"
Always sucks when you already think you're short and then you get corrected to even shorter.
I'm 5'6" and they've never told me otherwise haha. I wish I were closer to 5'7" or 5'8"
These ladies on real housewives of Atlanta look like clowns
I'm sure they do (I don't watch it)
This time when they asked "how tall are you", I was like "can you check?"  I'm pretty sure I've been going off memory since high school.
I've been the same height forever, so unless I hit a very random growth spurt, my height can only go down.
I don't mind being 5'4
But I would love to be lithe
You can get away with more when you're tall
I like being average height.  It's the best of both worlds
These weaves are amazing
lol
tumblr
the locking place for people with mental disorder
I want a weave now :(
Is that when hair is braided?
it's like social media but for crazy people
Or is that extensions?
Yeah and you attach tracks of hair
Like extensions sure
I tried on my cousins wig and I looked amazing 
dragoness you need to punch out that bitch
R said I looked "younger"
Long hair does often add to youthful looks.
I've gone natural with the end goal of dreadlocs, so right now I'm just trying to keep the frizz at bay
Is it hard to use a wig long-term?
*crazy people who diagnose themselves
Nah I don't think so
I think most of them are just trying to be edgy.
But after that wig.... I had HURR
Not even hair
HURRRRR
But hurr.
I miss having hurr sometimes
Swangin 
If they had nearly as many of the disorders as they tell themselves they do, they wouldn't be functional enough to use a computer.
Girl yes
Hahaha.  Do I need to urban dictionary hurr?
It's hair lol
That looks amazing
When your hair's beyond fleek
it's hurr\
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/4xgNsLcU/IMG_20160116_195505187_HDR.jpg
Behold
Hurr
Tell me you stole it from her  haha
Haha no
She made sure I packed it back in her bags
But it was so pretty
Maybe I'll go wig shopping, or at least try a bunch on!
Felt really light too. Quality stuff
My aunt has a lot of fun wigs, but she lives time zones away
Aw
I think wigs may be better
So I can wash my hair however
Than weaves? I think so
Some ladies at work do that
I just wouldn't want to have it fall off
Just don't get in a fight with hair-pullers
My hair was starting to thin out a bit where it was always braided for extensions, so I only did that for a little while in high school 
Haha
And then there was the time I bleached it, dyed it for a while and had it break off super short =/
:(
Color messed me up too
I'd be shoulder length now but I had to cut three inches all over
Yeah, I had an awkward pixie cut while it grew out
The most I do for color is henna now
I'm white.  My sister had this "wonderful idea" when she visited me once.  She put my hair in cornrows before sleeping.  OMG the holy mess that was my hair.  It looked like I crimped it, then got electrocuted. 
Haha
She used a lot of gel?
I don't think she used any, come to think of it.  I was supposed to have pretty crimped hair.  It was so frizzy, it was nearly vertical
Hmm
Yeah probably lol
She has really fine, perfectly straight blonde hair - while I'm thick and curly nearly black hair.  Shoulda know what works for her won't work for me.
But it's all good.  I love to have my hair played with!
Me too, I want long hair at my wedding...
I really want to go to the salon soon. I've been meaning to get my hair layered, since right now it's just all one big fluff.
How long is your hair? Mine is ear length :(
Mine is about an inch or so past my shoulders.
Wavy and with a high level of frizz.
I can pull it past chin but all the twisting keeping it looking much shorter
I need to get a trim. I don't wanna.
Mine's hit like... bottom of bra band length
I got it ombre'd in the summer, and holy fuck does bleach ever fuck your hair up.
I'd never gotten a bleach treatment before.
Mine's just one shade of mousy brown
That's usually what color mine is too.
I'm not a fan, but I'll never bleach it again
If I went for an ombre, I'd probably go darker.
I like to think the henna kicks me up to a dark auburn 
aZombieKitten: you have my ideal length
I want my hair a lot longer. When I was a kid, it was down to my butt.
It's different when you're a kid and so small
I want one of those nice, long braids that I can wear casually over my shoulder.
Yeah, but I miss having that kind of comparative length to it.
I have a friend who does a whole bunch of elaborate braids
Soon I'll have hair
Trying to know what R would want. He doesn't like to say
I am happy that I get compliments on how thick my hair is when I go to salons, though.
I'm gonna surprise him lol
With some hurr
I used to. :( I have lots of hairs, but they are very fine now.
When I was young it was coarse like wire. I had white girl afro all the time.
Whether I liked it or not
Haha
suicide squad trailer full  of occult imagery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WI3hecGO_04
vigilant citizen will have a field day
White girl afro
How do y'all deal
Cuz you don't do relaxers
my h loves the joker, hes not going to like jared letos joker
My hair just frizzes a lot.
I can't go short anymore because of the frizz.
no one does
lol
at this point it's going to be extremely difficult to do a better Joker than Heath Ledger
my h likes jack nicholson best actually
he doesnt like bad guys who dont have girlfriends
lol
That's not surprising. Lots of people do actually
It's a very classic performance
he always says what drew him most to the bad guys
I had to stop shampooing.  I don't really have a frizz problem anymore
whas they always had a woman
and the good guy didnt
I'm noticeably less frizzy today than usual.
I heard good things about cowashibg
Actually, yea...bad guys never have love interests these days
Do you clarify your hair at all?
Either the sulfate-free products are helping, or I'm just crazy.
The Joker is supposed to have Harley Quinn, who is in this movie
i think it looks good
Suicide Squad? It's actually not on my radar much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMb-RrhTxIE
I'm still waiting to see the final hunger games
drek
unreadable unwatchable drek
I saw a lot of complaining about Suicide Squad from feminists.
i made it 40 pages
unrealitistic
Mine's gotten alright now that I'm older. It's fine and weighs itself down so it's mostly smooth on top with some wave/curl.
When it was afro-ing, I just hated my hair full time
why aZombieKitten ?
Heating products are now a thing I need. My hair is fine now, but I noticed the frizz ups when I straighten it.
I haven't seen the last one yet either architect
because Harley Quinn, ie. the only girl is a psycho?
Because they used the New 52 Harley origin.
DG69: I wanna see it just to finish it
Me too
what's "New 52"?
Did you read the books too?
The feminists prefer the original origin story, which is where she falls in love with Joker and chooses to become Harley.
Me too, so I just don't.
The New 52 version is basically the same, but she gets thrown into the vat of acid that Batman accidentally tossed the joker into, which dyes her skin and hair and turns her into Harley Quinn.
the original origin story is Harley Quinzzel is the Joker's psychiatrist who falls in love with him and becomes Harley Quin
yea
Germans Ordered to Ban Alcohol and Not Dress Like Sluts By Muslim Group http://www.anonymousconservative.com/blog/germans-ordered-to-ban-alcohol-and-not-dress-like-sluts-by-muslim-group/     witzie
oh
that's poopy
I can understand that
But the New 52 is the version that actually has Suicide Squad in it.
So the New 52 origin fits with Suicide Squad.
Probably yea, I just find it an inferior origin story
But they want the universes mixed because they feel the New 52 takes away her agency.
speaking of origin stories
im really sick of watching origin story movies
Why do feminists have opinions on comics?
we've seen spider man's origin story like 4 times
because feminists have to have opinions on everything
I don't know.
or they're feministing wrong
One of my friends in high school did her senior research project on "Women in the Refrigerator."
I don't clarify at all.  It's not stinky or overly greasy
In other words "I'm going to complain about all of the bad things that happen to women in comic books, even though comic books weren't created FOR women or for feminists."
The thing I never got was that in any comic book or video game the things that happen to men are always way worse.
I'm hoping I can go more natural with it now and have it work out alright.
CoD is literally dudes killing dudes
but they complain that women's butts are too objectified in Mass Effect
Because feminists generally don't have REAL problems to complain about.
So they just make up bullshit.
Not thinking about who these things are marketed towards.
Yup. Agreed. 
I think we generally feel the same way about feminism
Go be feminist towards countries that may genuinely need it. Don't make up nonsense problems just to keep yourselves relevant.
Look at my pretty princess hair 
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Btv54yDa/20160122_160639.jpg
So jelly! :o
Paul Giamatti got attacked by feminists for man-spreading on an empty subway car
Cute!
Its so long
http://i.imgur.com/i4VmoXW.jpg This is mine as of this morning.
Hey cutey
aw thats pretty!
both of you
I am so glad I got rid of the old pixie cut.
Just more non-problems.
It's so long!!
Lol
the femi-nazi
how did it go with your brother last night aZombieKitten ?
I think man spreading
Is fucking ridiculous
Should they cross their legs???
Like they have no balls? 
Well, we didn't speak after we got done arguing. I think we're slightly less on an angry foot this morning, so yay?
haha, well that's good at least
what were you arguing about aZombieKitten ?
Sunhappy: the interesting thing is men don't sit like that for their balls
Oh, witzie, you missed it.
like, that's a very weird argument that got spun
y'all have pretty hair! i love hair conversations. my hair is half-way down my back long, dark with some carmel highlights around my face. it is naturally curly so i blow it out and then use a large curling iron it to get wavey voluminous hair. i use the l'oreal overture shampoo and conditioner, and a detangler and some hair oil from oribe - then i style. my
hair is super healthy with this regimen. 
oh no!
Your hair WingN is so long omg
I'll give you the low down in PM.
dude's just sit like that because, that's the normal way to sit. It's usually women who close or cross their legs
When was the last time you had a hair cut?
Feminists have an opinion on comics and videogames because betas that like those things will actually listen to them Atlas
*l'oreal ever pure shampoo and conditioner, sorry typed it wrong.
Plus malformed geek girls claim to like such things as much as men
Lol
i have some clip in extensions that i use only rarely now. but they are fun to play with. they just add extra volume to my hair, and a little length.
I had to go into a store for Latina and black women to get clippies that would hold up my hair. :c
Olivia Munn is very lucky, she took a pretty big risk gambling her nerd cred to go straight hollywood and failed for a long time until she got Xmen
zombie, why do clip in extensions have a hard time in your hair?
hey everyone!
Oh, I meant my natural hair.
speaking of nerd girls getting power
I can't buy those stupid clips from regular stores.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/RawvY46Q/20160124_115749.jpg
She didnt exactly fail for a long time
My hair is too heavy and they just fall.
And she has no nerd cred
WingN do you like paul giamatti? theres this new show, Billions, M and i started watching it, LOVE IT 
But but G4!!
she had a walk-on minor role in a Carrell movie and did a Daily Show gig for like a week
she did
she was a G4 hostf
for years
lovely hair everyone!
and actually knew what she was talking about
and had a popular blog
nerds worshipped her
She had no idea what the fuck she was talking about
Nerds worshipped her because hot
no, nerds hate hot women that are derps
and try to cash in on "im hot"
You actually fell for her sponsored blog!?
on a show like G4
seriously, lovely hair y'all! <3 
Thank you Lonny_Z 
the show didn't last with Sarah Underwood
and she's a playboy model
i understand, zombie. you do have such nice hair :-)
The show was already dying then
The entire channel was in its last breath
Architect: and try to cash in on "im hot" <- well once they find out
*cough* Felicia Day *cough*
felicia day isn't even attractive really
but she's a LEGIT nerd
how is everyone?
G4 was up and down regularly. Losing Munn was a nail in the coffin. 
the show was doing fairly well actually for the time Munn was there
We are snowed in. No metro service or bus service that I know of. 
But we have power yay
2:55 PM <Sunhappy> When was the last time you had a hair cut?
Did y'all get hit by the winter storm at all?
I trim my own hair rarely 
Id never let a hairdresser touch me
They'd cut it all off
there are two valid pro-nerd positions on gamergate: pro or neutral
and she went anti
Yeah :(
who felicia?
or munn?
she can't even legit cash on victumbux
felicia
She's hyper-dumb then
anti gamer gate never made any sense. Even if Quinn never did what she was accused of, she was still a rotten person who didn't deserve to be defended. 
yeah, without the nerd crowd she's just some D-rate actor
it is like 68 degrees here
sunny
Jealous lol
I'm jealous of all the snow.  I want a big snowstorm so bad!
They always give you stupid cuts that take a lit of maintenance and you can't do yourself 
We have like two feet
anti gamergate makes victimbux for the select few
some peeps are pulling in 5 digits from their patreon
you can in fact actually be a professional victim
I'm only planning to go because I've got some styling I want done that I can't really do myself (basic layering).
I just wish my curl pattern was loose or I didn't care for short hair
Straight I mean
WingN I got a special curly girl cut and I liked it.  I had really dry, broken hair and she still didn't take much off.  
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/4gzXrgJC/before%20and%20after.jpg
WingN: has hair to her butt. I can't even imagine
I should do that
sunhappy, i'm sorry you are snowed in. hope you can get out soon!
why haven't I done this yet
kitten - pretty curls!! :-) the layers look great with your texture. 
Do it architect
Girl I'm with my man and his boy having fun. I'm good. I'm just craving chicken
Ooh, that looks nice, kittenkajira!
And there's no chicken in this house
It's grown a lot since that hair cut.  I only have to go twice a year since I'm growing it out
The only way a man can become a professional victim is to transition into a woman
Do tell me what to do
Does your hair grow fast?
im not your object
#VictimhoodLyf
My hair grows slow
I oppress you
Yay stormship troopers for the hundredth time
Yes, it's always grown really fast.  I had short hair 3 or 4 years ago
you mean Starship Troopers? Sick movie
A study in masculine head shapes
I love that movie
Yeah wtf did I write stormship
Lonny_Z: The only way a man can become a professional victim is to transition into a woman <- sadly this is true and has been done a few times
DG69: it's my liiiiiiiiiiiife, it's now or nevvaaah
I found a great stylist so we have a plan for Olivia Pope hair by next summer
I AIN'T GONNA LIFE FOREVVVAAAH
DG69: I oppress you <- wear some boots and leather and you can oppress me all you want
She has such classy hair
Architect: isn't that 90s?
AtlasB: haha, it's ok. Stormship Troopers sounds pretty cool to be honest
So that's my goal. No haircuts
Mine was a pixie ~2 years ago.
This year is about being my ideal beauty self
Really????
Yeah.
im just singing bon jovi songs at her because they're all about freedom and not being bullied. 
Your hair is long
because she's the resident irc bully
Do you have a before lol?
Well ~2.5. Closer to 2m though.
with her calm demeanor and soft tone
I'm looking. :p
:)
Bully schmully
http://i.imgur.com/Zuu6Z6y.jpg August 2013
Woooow
I can never figure out what reddit upvotes and doesn't upvote...
I currently have +70 for an errant thought
I love starship it's one of my ffaves 
and all my paragraph replies are like +1
It's grown out very fast.
AtlasB: me too actually. It's unfortunate it did badly in profits
It was one of Paul verhoevens last best
have you ever read the book it's based on AtlasB ?
Total recall is still best tho 
my friend said it's much more in-depth into their society
No
Yeh
I enjoyed the remake of Total Recall more than the original
Nice progress
Please
I will never watch it 
LOL
I knew you'd feel that way
Thank you. :3
im learning
Lolol my h keeps calling Denise Richards horseface
Y'all are so small and pretty. O.o
And the horse head nebula
I am jealous of your woman-sized shoulders. lol
lol, I actually find her hot, even old
she was hot in Blue Mountain State
The remake is horrible
Architect is sick
Well, I'm built like an actual child, so... lol
sick of the palsy
I bet ppl will be quoting the remake in ten yrs
Bot
Not
My h wrote a rock opera of it
https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/a/30628437/emotional-haka-at-wedding-reception-goes-viral/#play
I've never heard of a haka.  That's pretty neat!
you sounded different in your last audio AtlasB 
Lolol now he's saying the male pilot wants to make little seahorses with Denise Richards 
Going to the store. Brb
Yay surprise kisses from R :3
Denise Richards???
She's gorgeous omg
My h makes fun of her teeth
He keeps calling her horse head lol
yea, I find her strangely attractive
like even now
Not now
She looks like she caught aids from Charlie
I miss bf :( they sent him to work out of town for like 5 days
Oh no lot
It's poopy
He won't miss any appointments for the bastard tho
So on a whim I switched back from lorac foundation to bare minerals bareskin today and suddenly I like it better again 
Aww
Maybe I should switch back and forth?
Sorry lifterofthings that's tough
WingN: I never heard of lorac
How is it?
Its really good 
Is it like mineral based?
She was cute in the day
http://www.loraccosmetics.com/make-up_porefection%C2%AE-foundation.html?gclid=CjwKEAiAiZK1BRD509nPsYiUk2YSJAAMoAwCXd8jDhqhCYkOAJ6FSGGJPHZYipwCNSX2Lq0C7qarThoCDmTw_wcB
Now they're all making serums to compete with bareskin tho
Good price
24$ for their Concealer is pricey
But it's really good 
So it's skincare and makeup? Together?
Yeh
Its really good
That's cool
But today the bareskin is really good too
And it's cheaper 
I have yet to find good combo makeup
That is for dark folk
I always say go for the more expensive version, if you can afford it
If they're virtually the same
http://www.ulta.com/ulta/browse/productDetail.jsp?productId=xlsImpprod10111980#
Its not a version they're totally different 
Ooh
Idk this is a Camille question lol
I'm just getting a basic understanding of skin care
the responses to my pegging comment are amazing
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42ce6y/discussion_peggingmale_anal_stuff/cza8alp
I would trust the bare skin brand though
pegging wa snot a thing
at all
it did not exist
I've heard of it before and heard good things
women didnt wear strapons regualrly
they barely existed
this is a modern porn thing
its nto that men in th e80s "were scared"
it would not have OCCURED to them
this is just fuckign nonsnes
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42dgen/q4rp_construct_this_scenario/cza9t3x?context=3
Anyone have a suggestion for a good non-matte foundation?
I hate that chalky powdery look
Lol drok
Nice one
haha thanks
Lololol
the lorac line is good for us fair-skinned girls. sometimes ulta has 20% off coupons that include lorac. only a couple times a year.
Why are these dudes wanting anal play??
This wasn't even a thing like five years ago
Unless you were a weirdo
lifter, i do not use foundation - i use a Nars tinted moisturizer and a Lorac concealer. It is not matte and natural looking. i have nice skin and i like how this works on my skin.
haha
It wasn't 
Cuz these guys aren't gay or bi
Right?
Its such a millennial thing 
I knew one guy who did that
And he was legit a weirdo
And all they can say is "men always wanted it"
No they didnt
I've never in my life been asked
To touch
A man's butt 
well i mean the butt can be touched, the butthole cannot
Well fingers weren't unheard of
That's what I mean drok
Insertion
Butt I'm talking about pegging
Like wtf
There was no pegging 
I can hold on to a man's bum
But their talking
While having sex
Taking fingers
Lot use a bb cream
And like... You know
i don't think i've ever let anyone penetrate me at all, let along pegging
Hmmm. Any suggestions for brand?
Do you need a lot of coverage?
I'm so so fucking pale
No, acutally being knocked up fixed my blemishes
It supposedly feels good
which is a dominance thing
But I do have slightly uneven skin tone
There must be a reason people do it 
i've heard that, but it's not swaying me
I'm sure it does
To gay men
You want drugstore or spensive
I heard physicians formola bb was goid
The idea of any man asking me to do that
I used bare minerals bb and it's great
Would nuke any and all attraction I'd have for them
But I need a lot of coverage 
Ye? I'll go try some
i won't even let me penetrate myself
I think all men have that spot not just gay men lol
My skintone's so pale
its like this
and kinda olive undertones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2O15DXv3Vwg
hard to match
Is normal sex not enough anymore??
:(
Why all the extra frills??
Porn is ruining intimacy omg
lifter, have you looked at Nars? It is pricey, but i have had good luck matching my super fair skin with pink undertones. i wonder if they have a shade that can help your fair skin with olive.
Are you sure it isn't more like this, drok? https://i.imgur.com/rkHt9jc.gifv
http://www.ulta.com/ulta/browse/productDetail.jsp?productId=xlsImpprod5020085
Bars is too expensive 
Holy shit that was funny littlebee
http://www.ulta.com/ulta/browse/productDetail.jsp?productId=xlsImpprod11771035
i am mostly curious sunhappy
but i can get a hooker for that
I'm pretty sure my Sephora has Nars and Bare Minerals.
i mean for anal
not pegging
Omg
fuck that shit
:P
I'll go give it a shot while bf is away
Liar
who does pegging
like
Apparently it's a thing
it seems like a bloopie checklist
i did my carreer
check
i did my boyfriend
check
That women aren't doing for/to their men
Bb or cc cream is what you're looking for 
According to Reddit
so
according to sun cucksisco
*san cucksisco
FirionDarklight: fuck that shit <- isn't that the point of anal 
Ewww
Anyway
I think men acting like this is a thing
Is like feminists saying men always wanted bigger women
Millenials don't care if they look gay
Millennial men 
millennial men or millennial liberals?
back catching up now
how pale are you lifterofthings? the lumene bb cream is the only drugstore one id reccomend 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42hcbj/very_new_here_and_in_need_of_advice/
she just be a single parent and leave this guy alone
When I was buying at MAC, I was the palest "warm" shade.
nc or nw? or c?
the mac foundation system is so annoying
have you looked into asian bb creams at all?
nw
No, not really.
nw means that you have cool undertones!
Does it?
yeah the system is backwards
I find that a lot of pale broad foundations make my neck/chest look yellow by comparison
yeah there are great foundation options for warm toned ppl, less for cool or olive 
I think any ask of anal play would freak a normal girl out
I usually don't bother these days. I look pretty presentable with filled-in eyebrows and lined/mascara'd eyes... but it'd be nice to have a more "complete" look-option for interviews and such
kittenkajira yeah she may be better off leaving him but since hes the father of her child she could at least try to be a better woman to him and see if that improves things
If I ever get one of those
and get more attractive
Might help. Sounds like he resents the shit out of her
is nars siberia too light for you lifterofthings?
That's not always fixable, depending on how long it's been brewing
idk, I haven't tried it! I'm writing all these down for my Sephora trip tho :p
sheer glow + beauty blender = lightweight, natural coverage
http://www.narscosmetics.com/USA/siberia-sheer-glow-foundation/0607845060406.html
the lighter options in teh cover fx drops could work too if everything is too light
then you just add a few drops to whatever primer or moisturiser you want
That looks about right, but pinkish. Although it's hard to tell from intertubes photos
I'll brb! Need foods.
would you say you were more neutral than cool?
okie!
i think the thing is just masculine identity
its hard to be masculine when you are being penatrated
and men want to identify with their masculinity
TAKE THE PAIN LIKE A MAN
;p
Feminists want to get rid of gender roles so that men can shamelessly take it in the butt
right
You should support them
the analminati
:P
Lol FirionDarklight 
i mean you can shamelessly take it in the butt now if you identity with your femininity
shame is all about who surrounds you
not everyone lives in san cucksisto
i mean even here
a lot of us have more conservative views
none of us shame buartha, who is clearly a bottom
that's because he is not a sjw faggot
just normal gay
(whatever that means)
San cucksisco
I like it
i hope you are able to find the right shade for you, lifter. when i buy Nars it is expensive but i only need a little and it can last 4-6 months. i am "alaska"
.context
good morning ladies :)
anyways
i am heading to bed.
goodnight
Got a binder for my planner. ^_^ Hopefully this planner works well for me.
yay!! With the back to school sales here, it's a good time to get organised...maybe I should pick up one too, there are some gorgeous spotty ones!
Real gay men don't bother me
Fagy straight men do
I'm using one for work right now. :3 I have a nice pen set, too.
yeah
http://www.kikki-k.com/textured-leather-wellness-planner-grey i have to say, i am tempted by this planner
Oh, that looks pretty. :)
exercise and meal logging and planning, meditation/mental health logs, habit tracking...I should really just organise one of my filofaxes for that purpose
I just settled for a free printable one.
that's absolutely more sensible!
This planner has a "not to do list" lol
that sounds like a great section!
lol
"let fetus cravings land you on my 600 pound life"
lol
cakeforallofyou  im going to make a bullet journal for that stuff
nice, Camille !
goals, logs, tracking, etc
I prefer the binder format for reference stuff, but that's just me
i'm so excited that everyone is working on their planners! 
I am a filofax nerd...
itll be like this https://www.instagram.com/boho.berry/
oh, i do follow her, she's great
i have the day designer by whitney english sweetkisses29 what do you use?
http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/Filofax-The-Original-Personal-Organiser-Patent-Fuchsia-/172054636801?hash=item280f416901:g:UiAAAOSwwPhWjsov I've been eyeing this off for a while, some day...
i used to have the day designer, but it did not work well for me. i currently use emily ley and it is much, much better (simpler). the amount of *free* printables that she has for binders is awesome, too! anyone can download and print them.
for anyone that wants free printable for their binder: http://www.emilyley.com/products/printables
she has so many!!!
is anyone else officially OVER the pineapples-as-design-feature trend lately?
(see her logo)
yes yes - i love pineapples but i'm over it. 
i feel like 5 years ago everyone was using birds/owls everywhere.
now we have moved to fruit :-)
"put a bird on it" 
LOL i love that show
WELL now i want to print up all of these pages, thanks sweetkisses29 :P :D
I got a passion planner, so we'll see how it works out for me.
ah cool sweetkisses29 binders dont work for me and i love the day designer so far
It includes projects and motivational stuff.
This one will hopefully translate well for academics, too.
the day designer is so thoughtfully done, camille! i hope it works for you. whitney does some great online seminars about organization, making life simpler, etc. that i have enjoyed. 
i havent seen pineapples being used on designs too much but i guess thats lifestyle differences
the passion planner looks cool zombie! that looks like it would be great for schooling, too
last summer i saw pineapples on shoes everywhere it was so funny
on shoes?? 
yes on shoes! prints, little pineapples on shoes (for grown women)
oh wow im glad i missed that haha
Haha, wow.
Bacon just popped in my eye 
hey ElfFey!
hi camille :)
oh hey camille
hi AZK
hi happywifelife ^_^
Hey, happywifelife!
AtlasB D:
AtlasB do you eat bacon?
ElfFey how is your weekend going?
it's going pretty good camille !
how is yours?
im sending out resumes
good work ElfFey :)
thank you cake :)
Bacon is love
Id like to est nothing but Bacon 
hah so I had a great evening on Saturday night. We were headed to a small party at a friend's place, and an ex and his SO were going to be there (they're nice, we've had dinner with them as a couple, and they were at our wedding)
 
so huscat was a little "ehhh" about it
cool im making soup, we'll have a late dinner tonight but itll be worth it
and then we arrive
and the host is like "oh btw $ex2 is swinging by"
husband noped right out, totally fair.
(it was a good night though, we left at a reasonable time before the other fellow arrived)
my city is too small >:|
what is sex2?
My sister makes bacon covered tri tip
$ex2 . Sorry, I work with computers - you use a $ to represent a variable or something
so in this case it was just "ex 2" without specifying a name.
I could eat that forever
oh! i get it :)
so, both of your exes were going to be there
I love bacon so much. <3
yep! And it's not like I have a lot of exes, it's really just those two
so that was awkward! Huscat had a good time though, but was definitely keen to leave before ex 2 arrived.
as a young single lady, i like hearing this story
hehe
what kind of soup are you making, Camille?
oh its just beef (stew meat), carrots, onion, celery, and potatoes in a tomato and beef broth base
I think I love tritip even more
All steak
Yum
yum! home made beef broth?
that sounds amazing. especially on a cold day (not sure if it is cold where you live, but it is where i live)
lol no its like 70 degrees and sunny here sweetkisses29 
no blizzards for camille
ha! well still delicious
not homemade but the best whole foods has to offer lol
Hey y'all
sounds tasty
(beef broth i mean, everythign else is home made obvs)
i keep meaning to make more broth
hey chirp :)
How's everyone?
Anyone else just spent hours shoveling out their driveway lol
not I!
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42g798/serious_what_habits_have_you_undertaken_that_led/ some RP truths here
> Complementing my SO in front of others. It's crazy how much that changes a relationship.
hi chirp! i hope you are taking a nice break from shoveling. warm cocoa, dry socks :-)
my h is shovelling
and soup!
are you making soup for him WingN ?
i just made him bacon cheeseburgers for when he come sin
nice.
and a plate of the rest of th ebacon
wingnut, that sounds like a man-pleasing meal!
yup
no kale and sneaking vgetables
lol
i am doing bacon + broccoli for huscat's breakfast
LOL re: kale and sneaky veggies. 
he loves it, which makes me happy
the sneaky vegies thread was lol
mmm that sounds good
sounds like a nice breakfast. my man does not like heavy meals in the morning but loves breakfast for dinner so we are having pancakes and bacon for dinner - bacon is the key to the man's heart ;)
yum!
the broccoli does a good job of bulking up the bacon and making it a bit healthier, while adding fibre etc
I had been cooking it for myself for months but then huscat started requesting it! #winning
broccoli is so good, high protein actually too. i made roasted broccoli with lemon and chili flakes and it was a huge hit. 
i'm going to have to try broccoli and bacon cakeforallofyou
the broccoli gets all the bacon grease and it's great
oh man. seriously. :-)
i should go cook actually ;) bbiab
hi everyone 
I should've gotten a small trash can while I was at the dollar store. Darn.
hi Amelia
I've been participating/reading in the baby bumps sub on Reddit.
Some of these NAMES, man...
ive seen some weird ones on pinterest too 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42gbaw/innocent_men_now_can_be_ordered_to_inform_police/ wtf
jewdance?
.allterms
what is the bot ddoing?
.help
angry
what the heck 
no idea how anyone could think that this is a good idea
sjws
penises are oppressive
just generally
all of them
they should submit themselves to higher vagina powers
<3
Is that genuinely real?
it's probably one of those unenforceable laws they can pull out to get you in more trouble retroactively
Thats crazy
Things are getting crazy.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42gbaw/innocent_men_now_can_be_ordered_to_inform_police/cza3iay spot on
great comments
i wish i knew more people who thought like that irl lol
.quote
.karma
.quote
.quote
Lol
.quote
.quote
.quote
im pretty sure this law will never ever be applied to a refugee or just any arabs in general 
Lol that story was amazing
.quote
.quote

.quote
Now we are on repeat. I'm done.
Lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42iaoi/coffee_shop_situation_yesterday_what_should_i/
I legit don't understand why rape is such a thing for some people
I don't either
My first year of college was all all date rape hysteria 
1987
then too!?
it's out of control
i think legitimate rape (being assaulted and forcibly penetrated, being drugged, some other clearly dangerous situation) is a big deal 
i get why people are distressed afterwards and can even be traumatised
I think it's a big deal
but they're like
but anything else, no
making out like it's worse than murder
Aw, awkward coffee shop girl.
well its something very intimate and you live to remember it
to be forcibly, legitimately raped, that must be a nightmare 
you are dead after you are murdered
right
the date rape hysteiria
imo
comes from reality suddenly not conforming to your expectations
i actually love devlins description in sexual utopia in power
I'd rather be raped than like
there are so many grey areas that people have decided are just as bad as serious horrible rape
Beaten up
? why?
well thats the thing
how many girls are ever beaten up?
like punched into a coma
lifterofthings would you rather be beaten up or beaten up and then raped
with you still conscious to experience it
there is a huge difference between a date rape (as in, actually forcible or drugged rape) and "oh actually i wasn't into it but i didn't say so clearly enough"
i think what happens is this
i dont beleive in date rape at all
idk. I just don't think that I'd be that traumatized by being raped
its rape or its not rape
no other adjectives
the girl gets in a situation with a guy
true Camille 
her bodys not respondign
it can be rape while on a date
shes not aroused
she doesnt understand why
shes been taught to be sex positive
but its not "right"
soemthings wrong
but she still thinks she should go through with it
an dsince it feels "off" and wrong
she must not have wanted it, right?
i mean she certainly didnt want THAT
so was she...raped?  
yes
maybe you wouldnt lifterofthings but most women would. maybe its about how you think about sex/the body im not sure but most women would be devastated at least for a year or so
i must have been raped
yeah lifterofthings i think the issue with rape is that there are often long-lasting consequences like fear of sex etc
so it's not just about the particular situation + immediate effects
there are often very real traumas afterwards.
thats what i dotn get abouit date rape tho
if you going alone with a guy
you probably like dhim
I think I'd be pissed
i relaly dont think its that
But not traumatized.
its my scenario
idk
if any of you read it
i would be ruined lifterofthings at least for a few years
even just thinking about it frightens me 
would you go to a guys room you werent attracted to?
i dotn think theyre being raped
sex is so important and special to me and my body is my own and to have someone violate that...
I've been in that situation before WingN.
their being had sex with when they arent "Ready"
I've had sex with dudes I felt meh about
riht WingN 
i agree WingN 
oh well i was "date raped"
who cares
http://i.imgur.com/GOTAEnD.jpg
It wasn't traumatic at all. I was just like "let's not do that again"
but i feel like thats more sex you didnt want but didnt try to stop
no i dont think its liek that
i think they even like the guy
there's a difference between feeling "meh" and not wanting to have sex.
but he doesn tmake her comfortable enough first
sometimes ive read of girls thinking no but not actually doing anything
I think these days, people think it's cool to go to a guy's room because they just like them as a friend.
shes not "ready:
and he just goes full swing ahead
yeah Camille that is like, no, that's just being unassertive
Not realizing that a guy normally would only invite a girl over if he wants to bang, and if she agrees, he thinks she wants to bang, too.
A lot of girls also don't seem to read cues properly anymore.
I'm pretty into the idea of consent, tbh, because a girl may not want to bang but may want to watch movies and make out
so personally, I think it's better to be more explicit about consent
I agree.
yeah WingN that akes since
so that you don't end up with those mismatches of expectation where one party feels taken advantage of
That should be in the woman's court though.
and since shes tryiong to be all sex positive
she doesnt even understand why
i invited ethicsman b/c he needs advice from us
shes reacting that way
but she knows one thing
sex is supposed to feel good and be soemthignyou want
I'm not really sure what I need to tell her I need her to do
exactly WingN 
and she thinks, no i didnt want that
it must have been rape
i didntconsent to THAT
"i didnt consent to feeling this way"
yes!
exactly
wait let me get the devlin section
ethicsman you have to explain the situation
okie!
And I'm under tizens "see how far you can take this, don't jus t next and admit failure so easy"
Alright
tizen the hero
Oh, someone needs help?
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/D624re72/
I'm of the opinion that the perception of rape is more harmful than rape itself, and that as long as it's this worse-than-death fate that men inflict on women, feminists are going to keep using it to push agendas.
It all just makes me want to vom
yes
well i think that about lots of things
So I'm invested in a woman.  Cute, intelligent, great sex, comes with me to the gym, ect. I like her. But my relationship is built on "Im hawt" being good at socializing and funny and having a solid personallity overall.  but the way I handle her is weak.
even controversially non violent child molestation
whats happening here right now
i agree lifterofthings  but i do think that rape itself is a traumatic experience (legitimate rape) it just doesnt have to be a permanantly life changing victim thing
If she's coming with you to the gym and putting out, what's the problem, ethicsman?
I'm too accommadating, I reward her for just...existing
Lots of things are traumatic experiences though
Why is rape above and beyond
why ar eyou askign women?
Well so long as she's behaving nicely, you're fine.
If she starts acting like a brat, then worry.
Why are you trying to fix things that aren't broken?
WingN i already told him hes too young and should focus on improving himself but he isnt listening to me and i thought if he heard a stronger voice it would stick
My problem is as time goes by, the relationship gets shittier, then it's good, then degrades, in like 2 week cycles.  So I took tizens advice about correcting the frame issues
Hey ladies! 
The goal is to get a woman to behave in the pleasant, feminine way you want her to. If you have accomplished this and it makes you happy to "reward" her, why not?
Have you figured out why the cycles occur?
follow tizen all the way, marry her and beat her into giving you threesomes
Because I let her take advantage of me and she's only how I want her to be 50 of the time
ehahahha
Are you not disciplining properly?
Yeah. That.
so then dont let her take adantage of you
I'm too forgiving. I'm too accommadating
right, so stop being those things
but also like i said, youre too young
dont get so hung up on this one girl who youre more than likely not going to marry
Yeah. So I took his advice to actively sit her down and tell her "this is go ING to change" (or else I'll be done )
Camille: I want to get good at correcting the mistske, and not just dropping the it when It starts to go downhill
lmao Lonny_Z 
Regularly discipline whenever she's acting out, then.
Shape the behavior you want in her.
if you arent as invested then youll do better at holding frame
im not sayin you have to stop being w/ her or anything but youre like 18 
of course AtlasB would not react the same to the second one
id rather fuck that alien then look at ted cruz
loool
I wonder if it has acid cum
I'm trying to figure out what I need to say to her to correct the issue
that would be unpleasant for you AtlasB 
you dont have to have a discussion about it you just respond differently when the time comes
Depends on the severity of the acting out.
wat
That escalated weirdly.
General noncompliance, not valuing my time or requests as a very high priority...really "at her convienence" And I need to come first ere 
well we were talking about fucking a xenomorph, I think it'd be the logical thing to consider
given all it's vital fluids are acid
Freezing out is a pretty common way to deal with things. Just don't give her any attention if she's misbehaving.
ethicsman i dont think you need to sit down adn talk with her about this especially if you already had a discussion
Tizen said it best months ago. "You frame yourself as a woman's trophy. In all senses of the word you position yourself as a toy for them to play with, and it should be the other way around." And I'm feeling the effects of that
why ar eyou thinking abotu talk talk talking to her
like a bitch
conversations are how women deal with things
right
you have to show her
talking to women doesnt do shit
You're right.
dont call her for 5 days
thats how you flip the script on a woman
radio silence
let her hamster do the work
you know
i dont liek how "hamster"
has changed meanign
it did not originally mean "rationalization"
my h plays alien vs predator on ps2 and it upsets me
why's that?
yeah it has changed 
rationalization hamster is a separate term
ethicsman the more you try to talk to fix things the less she'll respect you
talking is a womans frame
you cant win there
i dotn know why you need women to tell you this
oh wait
were just red pill women
we dotn know anythign abotu RP
dont listen to us
;lol
i told him this last week maybe but it seems like tizen is giving the opposite advice
lol WingN 
ethicsman i just reread your list of what she does wrong, if she doesnt value your time, stop inviting her to stuff, if she doesnt do what you request, she loses whatever privileges make sense based on whatever the request was 
if she does things at her convinience then you pull back and live your own life, no conctact as WingN says, and she will work hard to prove that she is worthy of your time and attention
the sound of the marines crying
the disgusting sound of the aliens making hive nodes
i was firghtene dof tha tmovie as a kid
i remember th etrailer when it came out
it scared the shit out of me
the original traielr with the egg
YUP!
ive been meaning to rewatch those movies
.quote add Lonny_Z> http://i.imgur.com/GOTAEnD.jpg AtlasB> id rather fuck that alien then look at ted cruz
one of my h fave films
ive watched it ten k times now
she's not that bad for a guy like ted cruz
If she doesn't want to spend time with you, show her you don't need her to enjoy your time.
Go do things with your bros or do whatever guy hobbies you have.
Yeah. I've got the framework down, I know what I need to do, and I'm going to commit to it religiously.
go out and meet some other girls too
He still busts out the ps2?
AtlasB: you should watch your H play Alien Isolation
and record it for us
good ethicsman, best of luck
unless WingN has anything further to add, thanks for stopping by!
Thanks a lot camille.
Camile++
he has it
he cant get over GTA 5
almost but not quite.
You get the idea
Camille++
I have no karma too
lol 2 Ls
Thanks
danke
np
he only took a break to play metal gear solid and star wars for a it
bitte (?)
.karma Camille 
lol, omgawd...
how has this not happened already
yeah i think its bitte cakeforallofyou 
bitte schn
i found gone with the wind streaming free
that's  extra bitte.
nice WingN 
https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/m/mitchell/margaret/gone/contents.html theres the book WingN 
nice
or if anyone wants to read it
maybe a book club suggestion?
i have an addition with forewords by pat conroy and james michener
yeah thatd be fun to discuss on the sub
oh! milestone in my marriage: my husband told me that he'd like me to dye my hair black
oooh
wow so typos
after I've spent lots of time asking for opinions and he's been equivocal
im fluent in your typos haha
so i got some henna and it is coming in the mail.
yay!
i was a bit like "why black is there some past girl who had black hair"
and he was like "you'll look like this pornstar i like"
and I was like ......hrmmm
not sure if serious
but whatever, i don't need to know why he likes black hair
yay direction
(it does look good on me)
:) It's always nice when you can utilize a preference.
indeed! I do wish I hadn't bought red dye before he expressed the preference...
there goes $30.
Maybe give it to a friend?
good idea, someone will use it I'm sure
(having friends who went to hair school = lots of diy dye jobs)
Ooh. :o Yay, then.
free streaming movie
also I was previously a bit of an alternative/punk person with no money, so I got fairly decent at home dying so I could change colors every month or two
scanner darkly
philip k dick
it's a lot easier with no bleaching + just one or two colors.
https://r15---sn-ab5l6n76.googlevideo.com/videoplayback?id=247e28ee55e09ea1&itag=22&source=webdrive&begin=0&requiressl=yes&mm=30&mn=sn-ab5l6n76&ms=nxu&mv=m&pl=26&mime=video/mp4&lmt=1451800109585878&mt=1453680501&ip=2601:47:1:d24a:2122:76fa:aec:b23&ipbits=48&expire=1453709348&sparams=ip,ipbits,expire,id,itag,source,requiressl,mm,mn,ms,mv,pl,mime,lmt&signature
=5830104B490B89FA4BA63A27CC7CF53469701597.13CBBDCEBDA1E6F1A6932DB6ED34286DD822099E&key=ck2
ew
A lot of us seemed to go through that phase at some point.
it was good fun haha
http://kisscartoon.me/Cartoon/A-Scanner-Darkly/Movie?id=1896
huscat has expressed that he would enjoy me going back to wild colors, but I don't think he'd be into it for long
What's this?
awesome movie
watch it
I'm bookmarking it now. :) I'm playing The Sims, so I'm too distracted.
is that the animated one?
i had a pear, 7 oz hamburger patty 85% lean, an atkins bar a pear and my coffee today
and three stips of bacon
yum
do you calorie count WingN ?
i log on weight watchers an dcount on myfitnesspal
nice.
becaus emy fitnesspal syncs with my band
Ooh. :3
losing weight is too slow
im netting between 950-1250 cal a day
dont get old
yeh
its actually rotoscoped
over real actors
 /r/1200isplenty and /r/1200isplentyketo are great if you haven't seen them WingN 
My thyroid's already damaged. Can't really do worse.
 I prefer the rotoscoping in Ralph Bakshi movies
iu love ralph bakshi
we were just watchign wizards th eother day
i saw all his movie son th ebig screen
at the repertoire theatre
That movie made me feel weird AtlasB 
scanner darkly?
A scanner darkly
yeh
v. paranoid
It's cool
philip k dick
I like him
im watching "the fall" by tarsem
its so gorgeous
http://zumvo.so/watch-the-fall-2006-4385
if you say that
:P
WITZIE!!!!
.context
lonny likes witzie
how are some movies on youtube in full?
Jack4ss: !!!!!!
the fuck blowing
Just saying hey
Hey
hi 
How are you?
suck a dick blowing
K
I just got this quilt kit
https://www.craftsy.com/pattern/quilting/home-decor/polka-dots-and-paisley-stars-pattern/166240?_ct=cucruh-xecu-sedjydkyjo-emd-sbysa&_ctp=1,PID%3A166240#inbox
Craftsy is having an amazing sale
Hulabutt?
Umm
hahahaha
yus plz
Lol
What was the dick ducking about
really want one so bad
Ooh, pretty. :3
I am super excited about this pen set I got. I want more of them. 
you know how some girls ask you to do circular motions so your weiner feels bigger, well she can do it for you now
Have you encountered a lot of women who ask you to do that?
i wish
ooh that quilt is pretty
Supergirl?
HAHAH
thats pathetic lonny
Why?
she doesnt have any superpowers, she just has a fan blowing her hair
Lol wiener
i new blowing would chime in
.allquotes
you guys should watch "the overnight" if you want a non serious - cringe/shocking - comedy
http://www.swarthmore.edu/SocSci/bdorsey1/41docs/51-fra.html
i can't believe this is real
the 2 main actors get naked in it
I already made a lone star quilt but I love that fabric collectiin
and have fake dicks
its hilarious
" in all your Amours you should prefer old Women to young ones. "
i make it sound really childish
"Because when Women cease to be handsome, they study to be good. "
but it isnt
.quote lonny_z1?
"Because thro' more Experience, they are more prudent and discreet in conducting an Intrigue to prevent Suspicion."
Thats Ben Franklin 
Uuuurgh
" Because in every Animal that walks upright, the Deficiency of the Fluids that fill the Muscles appears first in the highest Part: The Face first grows lank and wrinkled; then the Neck; then the Breast and Arms; the lower Parts continuing to the last as plump as ever: So that covering all above with a Basket, and regarding2 only what is below the Girdle, it is impossible of two Women to know an old from a young one. "
jfc
Why are you quoting Ben Franklin 
this was in 1745, BF was depraved for his time
No duh
just found it and thought it was unreal
"Because the Sin is less. The debauching a Virgin may be her Ruin, and make her for Life unhappy."
He was in the Hellfire club
He was a notorious womanizer
That's a real thing?
like the way he objectifies women
Yes
kind of repugnant
Lolol objectifies??
Thats how men are
Jfc?
I think Reddit is destroying my brain 
Blowing men have always objectifies women lol.  Mind blown?
like this was 1745! Frederick the Great had just conquered Silesia!
LONNY!!!!!!!!!
right but the way he does it, for someone in the 18th century
Lonny is melting
You think men we're different?
Well I'm shocked AtlasB
I think is really vulgar
Hey witzie
8:31 PM <bardolatta> "Because the Sin is less. The debauching a Virgin may be her Ruin, and make her for Life unhappy."
Read dangerous liaisons 
He makes a good point
And Marquis de sade
you thought I didn't like you back, but I was just slow
with my rely
And Fanny hill
James cleland
Dangerous Liaisons
OMG
That movie
That fucking movie
Best movie
Best book
I need to watch it tonight
What do you think the 1700s was like bardo?
I gave up on dangerous liasons
I don't think ben franklin is representative of the 1700s
I'm confused by your reaction 
Lol did he call a vagina a basket?
You think they we're all uptight like millenials?
Lol
I'm just surprised someone could be that vulgar in the 1700s
Huh
Have you heard of de Sade and James cleland?
Didn't they have erotic novels back then?
Of course
Lets not act like de Sade was normal though
That's what I thought...
The 18th century was urbane and dirty
I don't think that represented what people were like
Not like Victorian tikes
I think that's a 20th century invention
Times
Prince Albert
I dont even know what you guise are talkin bout tho
Nah
Was the one who made everyone give up mistresses
You're not right
that the 18th century was dirty and victorianism was an aberration
Yes
Thats true
I read a book about the history of sex in england - in the 17th century they sent people in prison for fornication
it was strict
also in the NE colonies
Its cyclval
Before Vic and Albert the royal court was been had pussy
Cyclical
And all the priests have their mistresses and bastard children
Or they had boys they fucked
Either way
i think academia invented that narrative to justify promiscuity, I read a camille paglia paper once about how a lot of academics distorted ancient greek literature
does africa have a religion?
to prove that homosexuality was more widely accepted
than it actually was
no shes right about that
obviously it sonly ever among thelowest and highest classes
http://www.jstor.org/stable/20163474?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents
the novelty today is that the middle is debauched
the welathy have gone through debauched and chaste cycles
the romans were very chaste and uptight in the republic
the late 18th early 19th cens wer emore debauched
then the tightening up happened again
in the 20th century the 20s-30s were debauched
then chaste 40s-50s
early 60s
I want to live in the 20s
then debauched 60s-90s
th e20s is my fave time
the 20s and thirties
Let's do it AtlasB
now its victorian again
Let's go live in the 20s
I don't think '00s and '10s are victorian at all
from what I have been reading lately the romans were really chaste as opposed to popular belief
they are
we're the tinder generation
SJWs ar eliek victorian women putting skirts around piano legs
doesnt matte
rthats not everyone
But This is based on a feminist perspective
of karen owens and double anal
its SO uptight now
I dn't think SJWs are victorian
WAY more uptitght than the 80s
they are
everythigns gone backwards since th e80s
its a different world
repressed uptight
conformist
with a dirty underbnelly
liek the 50s
the movies are pg 13
you werent therem you dont know
was Karl Marx gay?
probably
the 70s and 80s were so much freer none of you would belive it
I WOULD
Do y'all watch bill maher?
top trumped
could sly stone make the song "dont call me nigger, whitey" today?
no
i believe it, atlas, i grew up in the 90s and kids were still allowed to play outside then
lol
Lol whut
He was talking about the PC Culture on the last episode
How many kittens does a cat normally give birth to
sly had an album
lonny the song imentioned?
sly stone?
3-5
Sylvester Stallone
Rocky
chasingstatues i played outside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m29F4FtVo-U
bardolatta: how old are you
23
so you were on the cusp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_VfGVKzcfs
kids can't play outside anymore, their parents get arrested
dude I don't think so
you just read a few articles
bardo youre wrong
NOT LISTENING TO THAT
I feel like I heard about it but the internet just passes through my mind
Deflected
they teach kids passwords now
like don't trust a stranger unless they know your password
sjws are part of the carrie nation tradition of scolds and control freals
I was told not to monogram anything
they arent different than th esuffragettes
chasingstatues just because you read that in an article doesn't mean its pervasive
so the grandson of my mom's friend was playing on the lawn when the mailman shows up
he says hi to them
they are part of the social goslpel
or that it wasn't true in the previous generations
Because a stranger could call out my kids name
From it being on her backpack
bardo i AM a previous generation
Then diddle her
the kid runs inside to ask his mom if he should say hi to the mailman
In a windowless van
my parents are two different previous generations
right but I'm the current generation
sjws aren't victorian
no one will suspect my password is abc123
then he's like, "i know what i'm gonna do. i'm gonna ask him my password. if he knows it, then i'll say hi"
my grandma was born in 1919 and had a job and an abortion and a boyfriend in poland
before ww2
that's something anti-SJWs say to mock them
e.g. how the left says trump is "fascist"
this isn't just sjws, it's dumb soccer moms
no they arr part of the same sentiments
of the social goespel
the woman worship
the fear of rape/being "ruined"
right but the antioch policy was made in the 1990s
https://www.thefire.org/antiochs-infamous-sexual-assault-policy/
affirmative consent
the seeds are always sown earlier
for a lot of reasons I don't buy the "cyclical thing" at all
yes i remember it bardo
This is sylvester stallone? I will melt and explode
no
sly STONE
sly and the family stone
everyday people?
Lol
you think by cyclical i mean each part of the cycle is identical?
because i dont
the weimar republic in germany
who would win in a war between millenials vs old folk
old folk
The helicopter moms at my kids school make me stabby
millenials are scared of guns
if so, why
8:47 PM <chasingstatues> this isn't just sjws, it's dumb soccer moms
Peanuts are banned from schools
ive sen the cycle change IN my lifetime
my moms seen it twice
lol blowing
have you read the fourth turning bardo
man atlasb u know the answer to everything!!!!
in my 46 yrs on this earth
Someone come kill lonny
this have changed so much it shocks me
so repressive now
Lonny's attention seeking behaviour has reached an all new low
so conformist
Are you still in Vegas?
Yes
Leaving weds
Are you putting money down for dear lonny?
Lonny is ded
PUT IT ON BLACK
hahahahaha
LOL
Lonny_z++
aww
Lonny_Z++
HA
racist
Stop making fun of me Im dying
dying of what
is it painful
lonnyness
laughter?
inm not going to continue the server
do you guys care
:'(
What does that mean?
is this real
Everyone loves it
What is happening?
Millenials 1 - old folk -0
im gna have a glass of water
hmm I'm actually trying to quit, PPD (both reddit and irc) has been a huge timesuck
I'd hit peak-what-you-can-learn-about-women from  articles and TRP long before
do you ever plan to date
my situation is complicated, depends on how this mormon mission will go, but if I do it'll be within a small circle of co-religionists
I'm not worried
bardolatta: are you a dude?
it's totally weird that this isn't obvious
architect asked the same yesterday
Someone told me you were a woman
I linked to a gallery of nude models once remember
i thought u was buartha
idk
No I don't remember
But Mormon mission
I guess.... guy?
it's an analogy, but yeah
Wat?
whats an analogy?
i'm not a mormon
I'm out
hi out Im witzie
HAHHA
Lol
I can't
Even
thats odd.
8:59 PM <bardolatta> my situation is complicated, depends on how this mormon mission will go, but if I do it'll be within a small circle of co-religionists
How is this an analogy
oh I'd referred to the mormon thing as an analogy earlier
earlier convo
I'm not omnipresent
can you summarise this in a  TL:DR
Yes please
and then we will review your application
it's not interesting -
Ok
So dragoness logging on made me think of something
Is filo still banned?
witzie: ?
ok Bardo you are through to the next round
filo got banned?!
Temp ban I think but yeah
I want him perm banned
well he's been in afterdark and is right now but he hasnt been back here since that day
oh dear, what happened blowing?
how on earth did he do that
i dotn think anyone particularly want shim back
blowing can u pm me a tl:dr
Ok good AtlasB
Hello dragoness
hey!
I think if he was talked to about some of the things he did and said,...especially the whole wanting to rape other users thing...he could maybe shape up and learn a thing or two. 
dragoness: I just don't care for him
I was pretty shitty once too. 
i love tarsems completely asian yet nonchinese vision
Architect: what
Raping other users?
who cares if he "wanted to rape othe rusers"
I thought he was banned over posting the pic of dragoness
he was
He was. This was a long while ago
So that other stuff I didn't knew
Know*
dragoness did you ever read my long reply to your old thread
I skimmed it honestly
it was so out of left field. 
I'll read it now though. 
oh I deleted it
really? I thought it was super on-topic
oh, lol. welp
HA RAPE?
Lol
geez blowing
it was on topic-ish but it was on an older thread 
no one cares about anythignelse he did
it was th epicture thing
i couldnt ban him, i live in a nanny-ville
th elittle girl in the fall is unbearably cute
I'm trying to think of a hidden reason why "women can sleep with guys out of their league" is bad for women
its not hidden
its plain
like a lot of people will readily admit stuff when it doesn't implicate them (like vamp was super forward in saying that yes lots of hb10s girls dig assholes but she doesn't and and those girls are assholes too)
they punch above their weight to get laid
and then are disappointed later
in what they can get commitment from
when the blooms of fth e rose
no not the phenomenon
and then think they can punch that high when it comes to LTR's
but why women don't like to admit that it's a thing
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42j1re/so_seems_to_prefer_i_plan_everything/ 
women arent systematic thinkers
like, they're more socially aware than men
probably because they dont all see it
pfft alot of women get all emosh about most things
and they get to hear all the "on time at band camp"
and dont want to think love and sex can be known
they resist being knowable
and quantifiable
it removes th elustre an dmystery from courting an dlove
and women
#freefilozof
does he want to ocome back?
also hypothetical thinking - I've never seen the fuck-zone
knew anyone personally, etc, but I can imagine
like i assume most owmen have turned down a hot guy when it was apparent he only wanted a lay
ive been in the fuck zone
why would you see it
:(
i dunno
youre not a woman
WingN: 
no like, I've "seen" the friend zone
no me personally, but it was obvious
oh no what fresh hell is this
although i guess that type of thing is more discreet
were you aware at the time
I think some girls think "I know he said he only wants sex but just wait till he gets to know me! Of course he'll fall in love!"
^
right
I think most women think they can fuck men into love because that's how women work
because they dont  understand men
with their hormones and their brain chemicals
and project female psychology on them
Lol
I've been in the fuck zone
And it's painfully obvious
I guess nobody robably knows who david and uriah are
i've been in the fuckzone. Sucks amirite ladies?
HAHAHA
this little girl is so cute its killign me
whered they find her
SerNemesis:
Well if I can't fuck him into love then how is it done architect
i think i've fucked women into love a little bit
Sandwiches, and the ability to beat him at Halo
lol david-and-uriah it
impossible
no woman is good at video games and sandwich making
you gotta help him trim his neckbeard. 
 always works for me
Sms has fucked women out of love
blowing you're a guy
ewww
DG69: :(
imgur loves sarah chalke today
Wasn't there a post covering this?
>Architect  I think most women think they can fuck men into love because that's how women work
why do you care what imgur loves
doesn't make sense, women like a man first, sex later
not always
Not now
Around the difference between being laid back and not leading? Or something
ill take a woman whot hinks im funny and laughs at my jokes
that'd be cool
once you sex a woman you've you get two benefits
blowing is a woman
1) you've passed a threshold few other guys have
2) dat oxytocin helps
and suddenly they're more amiable
wow so you have had encounters where you were lukewarm about a guy but the sex changed it?
b/c cats_or_get_out, and lots of other women, say that a lot of sex is about pleasing a guy you love
which fits the love him first, -> sex later model
why not both bardolatta
lukewarm?
hwo would i know
My ex was just a hookup til I realized he was better at sex than anyone else I was hooking up with at the time
i just met him
lol
haha
The sex won it for him
8:30:02 <blowing> SerNemesis:
yes?
oh wow
good sex can make a woman come back for seconds
yup
don't i know it
I mean I was more than lukewarm to him
But it set him apart
apparently lots of guys are bad at sex so being good gives you a nice edge
i never foundthat
but ive lived on a different planet then everyone else on earth i guess
lol atlas
.context
maybe men of the younger generation are getting worse at it
worse at what?
sex
Hmm
nah - oh right I wanted to talk about this (this was the reason I first came her in fact)
I need to expand my research
lol
To men of all ages
the anterior fornix
I think it's going to be big in 2-3 years
I feel like if you have a legitimately bad sexual encounter, it's probably at least 50% that you're  a bad communicator, as much as he's bad at sex
Apparently xan's grandma has one
communication does nothing if he wont listen 
And found him on it
and...
HAHAHA
This movie Lucy sucks wow
PLS TELL ME THERE IS ANOTHER AND
Well yea, or you pick alpha chodes who don't care at all about your pleasure
and don't listen
or you enjoy fucking deaf men
Scarlett Johansen can't act for shit
whichever comes first
I've never fucked an alpha chode.
Lucy was awful, but ScarJo can act
i think im gna try learn vanilla flavour sex first
dragoness: you ARE an alpha chode
and then move up to chocolate
anterior fornix would be a nice way to sell penis enhancement pills
lonny whats that like
Lol chocolate
im going to call you Jaden from now on dragoness 
chocolate = anal
ugh
Ew.
EWWWWWWWW
you hang out with your friends Braiden
and Aiden
no no no
all those names
raiden?
I hate them
those are prime alpha chode names
along with matt
kyle
derreck
dustin
<Architect> derreck
hahaha
kyle definitely
I was gonna say that
Josh
Travis
Chris
fucking josh
for sure Josh
Nathan
Kumar
DEFINITELY nathan
I think the ppd minecraft server could be really cool, if we logged on together and did something 
...wait
tim
one of these names is not like the other
the thing is even when people were on the server together, they mostly did their own thing because there was no unifying activity 
"The adultresses I have known have been into it for the ego-building, not the physical pleasure of sex alone. The draw is psychological."
- not just a woman, but a high T bisexual woman
Maybe my g spot is located on my ego
Ok?
ego-building
lel
I'm not saying she's right
sounds like on hell of a hamster
but if a major component of sex is "pleasing someone you love" it's weird to think having sex with someone who doesn't  know you
will change that
that's their definition 
That's not what it is for every woman
clearly thats not universal
right
That's not it for me at all lol
ok I guess people tend to post this for contrast - or as a rebuttal in the size threads
ok, the anterior fornix is a bundle of nerves above the cervix - it's around 7-9 inches deep for both women
and there's a mini debate on whether size is super important or not, women tend to be on the "no it doesn't" side and that's where "it's about pleasing him" crops up a lot
the fornix is known for giving earth shattering full body orgasms
thats where i live
the fuck is a fornix
you have much to learn Architect
https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/comments/xq3md/til_im_not_weird_and_the_deep_spot_is_an_actual/
lol
young padawan
"now, you will pay the price for your lack of vision!"
Architect: gets force lightninged by Jack4ss 
http://imgur.com/ivFThxD
lol
mastered the art of fornixcation, you have
https://www.reddit.com/r/bigdickproblems/comments/3j5n5x/how_many_of_you_have_hit_a_womans_fornix/
dragoness thats sweet
I only heard of this fornix thing very recently
yeah I searched it on google trends, it's only gotten a lot of attention in the past few years
you have one dragoness 
DG69: 
it wa sunheard of before
Also I think with the size thing, most women's responses are more saying "I don't need a big dick to feel pleasure"
i was in the "ok size doesn't matter" camp until I learneda bout this
you don't know your partsss?
big weiners do feel good
that doesn tmeanit has to be the biggest
Not "I don't need to feel pleasure"
it has to fit YOU
why do women feel the need to sugar coat this crap
Jack4ss easy
jus tbecause it sbig doesn tmean youve had fornix orgasms
if u like a big dick, just say it
if the anterior fornix thing is real and it's that deep
we arent sugar coatig ityou just dont eleive it
dragoness it's true I'll look at you just like that while you sleep
believe what
you think if women have never had a fornix orgasm theyve never had pleasutre?
bardolatta: if the anterior fornix thing is real and it's that deep <- is real
AtlasB yeah there's a lot of discussion about how you have to angle it properly
no ones ever hear dof it
lol
get her aroused first
and now NO WOMEN CAN LIVE WITOUT IT
u misunderstood me
i mean like
its a very good parlor trip
i haven't heard people say "big dick automatically = fornix orgasm"
trick
get off in massive and creative ways isnt the point of sex for most women
if women know big dicks work for them, why dont more of them say it
just because a big dick can be good doesn tmean othe rdicks aren good
>Jack4ss  why do women feel the need to sugar coat this crap >AtlasB  and now NO WOMEN CAN LIVE WITOUT IT
if big dicks were so important we would have evolved bigger dicks
those two comemnts were unrelated
that's stupid, sms, why do stupid people exist then
because you dont have to be smart to reproduce
a big dick is great
but it still onyl has to be big enough
i know that AtlasB, but i can say the same for women, a number 6 girl will get the job done the same as a number 8
BUT I KNOW I LIKE THE 8S MORE
so pls
but thats not how female sexuality works
can you stop all this shit about "all dicks are good"
no one says all
they can be too small
they imply
no
they dont
for the most part
they can absolutely be too small
I think most say "average is good enough"
"dick size isnt everything"
but they just have to be bigg enough for that woman
no one says "a micro-penis is good enough"
exactly bardo
same thing
its true
if 1 million women never ha dor heard of stupid forniz orgasm
gettign off is not the biggest deal abotu sex for womne
but yeah the fornix thing is making me doubt that
I mean I feel no one would talk about it
just use your damn fingers
fornix orgasm every time
right weve all been hiding forniz orgams from each other
our whole lives
yeh
especially the women cos they feel they cant say controversial stuff like that in the masses
i've seen women shame other women for bringing the fornix one, they say it's a myth
^
SMS is right
they think tis a myth because they never had one
its like they are trying to defend the small dicks out there
a doy
like, im thankful
but its besides the point
I mean, I don't buy the fingers thing,
what?
the fingers thng is truew
lol
b/c if fingers were a good substitute you wouldn't need a penis at all
pomfg
You don't
if a woman is having an orgasm she doesn't really care about how it happened that much
gyou are the spergient mental patient ive ever experienced
LOL DG
hahahahaha
penises arent for orgasms
AtlasB is sweet talkin me
DG69 too vicious
you don't need a dick?
nop you dont
you dotn need a dick at all
Your penis never has to come into play
im assuming you mean mouth and finger pleasure?
sure
And I can have a grand old time
but i dont need a vagina either
ok
interesting
so there goes your nice car
thats why women can be lesbians
a DOYY
women fuck men not for fornix orgasms
Lol
women can live plenty well without fornix orgasms most have baby fingers that can't reach that desp as-is
ok, let's say you're a woman and you need an 8-incher, you have no incentive to tell anyone 1. you're shaming your friends' SOs b/c statistically it's likely they're all average 2. obviously you won't tell your guy friends
thats not a human thing
like, the incentives are skewed toward total silence
you just described
I say dick size matters but I really just like making men feel bad and insecure
like i said its a fun parlor trick to use on a vagina they will go "WHAT THE HELL IS THAT"
thats not how women talk to each other
Why do I need 8 inches? Is my vagina that cavernous
witzie i knew your type all along
yes
women talk abotu every intimate detail of sex
with each other
with no compunctuon
i'm not saying you, I'm saying hypothetically
youre just makign thing sup
lol 8 inches
I'm with witzie 
i know that atlasb
no oen cares if theyrr e"shamign their friend sSOs"
ive heard em
lozlzl
what?
thats so many standard deviations off
through walkie talkies
youre from anothe rplanet
DG69: the claim is that the bigger the dick, the more your vag stretches and the streches get girls off
like the italian guy
from the other day
lolllll
now thats EVIDENCE
What Italian guy...
ok, so you think "average is good enough" is true b/c your friends don't say "average is too small"
and they tell you everything
Are you stalking me
no but mario is
His name is Angelo
witzie http://www.anonymousconservative.com/blog/german-girl-describes-migrants-in-germany-then-is-banned-at-facebook/
a bunch of us were talking about a relationships post about a woman who wrote a GW post in some women's forum talking about how some italian stud was the best fuck she ever had because his dick was massive and stretched her vagina out and it make her cum intensely just have him being inside (no thrusting). The husband was upset because she had told him he
was the best dick she's had, and she was lying etc. etc. 
conversation ensues about penis sizes
yeah like I've seen posts about how they need to be stretched out/bottomed out
that sounds like some guy wrote it right now
like are they lying
cue:all the women who disagree and defend small dick-ville
or just rare
yo if its an actual woman
I mean, could be both
they are going to talk about girth before length first
because most of the feeling is at the entrance
yeh
girth
she was talking about girth
It's just different feelings
the PIV orgams wothout direct clitoral stimulation is practically a myth
this arguemtn hads been going on since the 70s
bigger dicks are nice but become painful in certain positions, if you know what positions to use you can make your dick feel a lot bigger to her anyway to the point that she doesn't care to want it even  larger
right
there speaks a man whos actually had sex
ah the circular motion
lol
not even that much sex i just pay attention
to what the hell women say
I think the issue is you see women gushing about how an 8 inch italian stallion made her lady-jizz all over just from being in her presence. You do NOT see women writing sexy posts about how his 5.5'er was the perfect shape for her and gets her off every time
about sex
I mean I know, they said that to hit the fornix with a smaller dick, her torso should be bent
women telling men it's not about size is alien
even if it's true
19:03:31 <Architect> I think the issue is you see women gushing about how an 8 inch italian stallion made her lady-jizz all over just from being in her presence. You do NOT see women writing sexy posts about how his 5.5'er was the perfect shape for her and gets her off every time
right
because there is a subset of women that are size queens
why would you
its not out of the ordinary
https://youtu.be/4II6RxZgDUI?t=53
the circular motion NSFW
ordinary 5-7 inch weiners are givign women great sex 100000 times a day
I don't want to make average men feel good about themselves
but if there is only 1 narrative, it becomes the narrative
lol when a woman gets fucked well she always says that it was a large dick
it becomes the reality
I have to be careful about what I say
right
women dont even know
There's not much narrative about average or small boobs
women are horrible at measuring penis size
what DO women know
is that adam scott?
yes
my bf Tad when i was 16 had the biggest weiner i ever saw in my life an it was NOT the best sex i ever had by a longshot
what is this?
the overnight
so did the beta i broke up with and hated
a film
actually, I think a lot of men are fairly vocal that they don't want massive tits, or prefer natural perky tits
and piper
imma look it up
its decent
on netflix
>DG69  There's not much narrative about average or small boobs ??
canada
i like adam scott
"I picked this guy who doesn't like to surprise me with outings and presents. Why won't he surprise me with excursions and presents?"
woman logic
I'm for average or smaller but guys aren't hesitant to declare they like bigger ones
me to
you think most women have even seen a big one?
yeah this convo has the dynamic of every thread ever - women saying it doesn't matter, the men paranoid
ive had sex with 100 men
not at all
at once?
how many do you think were BIG
?
Lol Jack4ss 
I've seen the statistics
statistics isnt how
so, 8 inch? maybe 2
women experience
their sex lives
when i was a fangirl for adam scott, years ago, i remember digging up one of his first movies where he kidnaps a retarded girl
8x100 = 800 inches, got it
if a womans only had 3 partners
kinky chasingstatues 
how many 8 inchers you think were in there?
I know the chances are very slim
not enough
ITS NEVER ENOUGH
atlas, I know 8 inches are very very rare
then hwo would the vast majority of women even know?
they dont
they have great sex
but like, I feel the experience of women who were made size queens are suppressed
8 inchers are very rare but apparently every n=5 women has met at least one hah
I know most don't
with the  men they have sex with
If the guy is 8 inches, he is going to announce it to you
there really aren't that many size queens
Ime
like women would know
That's how I know
well
Well yeah
i cant pick a big enough tupperware for my leftovers
he could be lting
I don't even know the actual size of any of my partners.
by sight
lying
lol atlas
me either
Yeah SerNemesis haha
19:08:56 <@AtlasB> i cant pick a big enough tupperware for my leftovers
hahaha
Tupperware is hard, tohugh.
One could say that a woman who's had 3 partners probably doesn't think she's had great sex. And/or that once she has a larger than average dick she'll be in love with it
i've met all of one woman who expressed an explicit preference for dick size of women i was not fucking
someone quote that
i always forget how
my mom always messes up on that
Atlasb on dick size
lol
picks too small and has to switch to a bigger one
lol
if a woman has had n=3 but seriously craves better sex she can just hop on hte CC
if she doesn't either its not important to her or she thinks it was good enough sex
I mean, sometimes it's easy to guess the right size, but that depends on how good you are at eyeballing volume. I always get the right size when i make queso.
my dick is not a queso :(
people tell me i've only ever had bad meatloaf. I'm ok with bad meatloaf..in fact, I don't even really like meatloaf at all. That doesn't mean that once I try meatloaf I won't be like "HOLY FUCK, THIS MEATLOAF IS THE SHIT"
so I can see Jack4ss' point
like, I've seen all the points made against worrying about size
lots of women have been vocal about how their small vaginas can't handle above average
yeah like said 8 inchers
its not very fun to try and fuck a woman with 8 inches when she's small
not for either partner
my bf's is like 7, i wouldn't want to go bigger
19:11:50 <bardolatta> lots of women have been vocal about how their small vaginas can't handle above average
I've had too long
we have a giant toy and i cant stand it
For like a second
right and then they always mention some 10 inch dick that didn't fit
which doesn't exactly help
yeah because women can't measure for crap
Shut that shit down real quick
category 1. prefer big - never had 2 prefer big - had it 3 prefer small - never had big 4 prefer small, had big, hates it
I worry about the exact proportion of these four categories a lot
i'd guess 1 is the largest
how would 1 and 3 exist
lolzlzlz
this is insnae
you must be intp
not intj
whoa holy shit: http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0133079
ooh, what are we talking about?
okay nvm
no need to worry about dick size
no like, 1 is, she would prefer big if she tried it
tell, me , giraffes--fact or fiction?
but she never did
women just can't measure
oh dick size
lol
why is your scale binary?
big or small
I think there's a window 
3 is, she would hate big, she never ahd it
had*
I think most women prefer average
5 is probably too small and 8 is too big
yeah, that would mean most are 3
lol mad
there's definitely the ideal size in there somewhere
wow 5 is average lol
Intp?
are you intp?
women preferred 6.4 inch length and 5 inch girth as optimal
that's barely bigger than average
I love how there's an illuminati symbol lol
told you
lol
As if they have to do with the giraffe conspiracy
but there are so many category 4 women, and so few category 2
and only 6.3 inch length and 4.8 inch girth for LTR
lmao i just clicked that
dat AF/BB
if preference for average vs big is equal a lot of category 2 are silent
like, I know 85% of women have probably never had a really big one, but where are all the "oh, I had a big one, hate it" come from
big is painful
so many of those
lol dg
average is more versatile
you can just do more things with it
DG69: look at the brick pattern in the iluminati symbol
and see how it compares to the pattern of the giraffe
they're definitely connected
haha
So true witzie 
But maybe
confirmed: giraffes run the illuminati
Someone planted those spots there!
this is a conspiracy that goes all the way to the top
From Manitowoc PD
oh, I started watching making a murderer the other night
GOOD
and by "started" I mean, I watched about 6 of them
in a row
Lol
Sounds right
hahahahah
DG69: 
manitowoc
I didn't think I'd be into that show, but I actually like it a lot
I'm not usually into true crime stuff
oooh and these are california residents :)
of course asians could be driving down the preference
i dont think dick size varies THAT much between races
It does
no i mean vagina size
i hear asians are tighter
so i've heard
Can't confirm?
my asian sample size is...
too small
:/
Like your penis
it does
every study
ever done
has shown it
it definitely does
better than your penis DG69
one more splergy comment, I've noticed this pattern in porn ("hahaha") "All that said, there is an awesome feeling that comes with deep penetration, and that is what makes me grunt."
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskWomen/comments/18ev9o/mod_post_faq_qa_honestly_now_does_penis_size/c8e62ir
"I really enjoy seeing their faces change when I hit this spot, it seems to be the universal "eye's roll into the back of the head moan" spot. It's a visual cue that yes, this is something that feel undeniably GOOD."
https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/comments/2efu8h/posterior_fornix_question_and_hitting_that_spot/
it varies not by race but by butt size of the females of said race  
ok, i'm done
poor asians :( http://www.penissizes.org/average-penis-size-ethnicity-race-and-country
change position for deeper penetration
black women have big butts so black men needed to evolve big dicks
witzie that too
asian women have zero butts so asian men get away with tiny dicks
that makes sense
That's so ridiculous witzie
nu uh
it correlates perfectly!
Why do people think that!!
hahah we are in the smallest group
well it it does correlate
lol
that actually explains why southeast asian men have larger dicks than south or east asian men lol
or because their vaginas are smalller
It's not like we humans evolved for anal sex
do southeast asian women have butts?
yes witzie
Why would butt size matter?
southeast asian women are more steatopygian
asians are more neotenous 
men and women 
it's not for butt sex Sunhappy 
Sunhappy: It's not like we humans evolved for anal sex <- well, you the gay gene...
doggy style maybe?
it just correlates
East African women don't have butts
it does corelate
it corelates with IQ too
lol
And their men have big dick too
in reverse
theres only enough blood for one head at a time
Didn't we originally only do doggy style
And the butt was meant to attract
animals do it doggy
yes
wait a minute
the more civilized the more like a child people can and should be 
look at the asian-american stats
wtf
http://www.penissizes.org/sites/default/files/penissize/penis%20average%20sizes/Asian%20american%20average%20and%20normal%20penis%20size%20range%20length%20and%20girth.png
asian-americans are the same
that is weird
Of my n count, maybe 80% was black
could it be a vegetarian diet thing?
I have a creeping suspicion that most women are category 1 (prefers big, never had it) b/c so many women say they don't really enjoy sex
Of that, maybe 50% had 8 inches or shorter dick size
why would asian-americans be as big as non-asians?
The other 50% didn't but it didn't matter
Wait
wtf Sunhappy
I did the math wrong
Lol
8 inches really
Whatever!!
Yes
Lawd
this is why i say women can't measure dicks
His name was Sherman
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/itYIvmOu/
That nigga
good fuck = you might as well be 8 inches long
Had a big dick
19:28:08 <SMS> this is why i say women can't measure dicks
SMS++
Y'all stay insecure
lol sunhappy
just learn how to fuck and no one will care about your dick size
unless it's a legit micropeen
the guy i borke up with in disgust for being gross and beta and embarrassign me hasd a giant wang
Thank you
we'll stay here in insecure with good math land Sunhappy ;)
only 2.5% of black men have larger than 8.25"
Lol okay
I still stand by: the worst lays I've ever had, had big dicks
madiscilove I don't know why people are so reluctant to say that it matters
and it sucked
because it snot true
like, every convo has this dynamic
it does matter but not that much
^
ive fucked 100s of men
right but so many things in the world are not true
im tellign you the truth
there are so many things that are more important
technique is 95% of it
dick size 5%
it DOES HAVE TO BE BIG ENOUGH
^
it DOIES
yes
it DOES
it has to be bgi enoguh
but thats not 8 inches
right people admit that you need to be at least around average
if it's over 5", it's big enough
yup
The biggest dick niggas in the world may still have shit head game
and not super skinny
right
It's not just size
you don't need to be at least average
but they won't admit that a super big one can be really special
I don't know why
else half of dicks would be insufficient
if its long and super skinny it slike being poke dwith a pencil
horrible
bardolatta> but they won't admit that a super big one can be really special
only 1 in 20 black men have 8 inch or larger
lol
Lol
lmao
hahaha
because it makes a lot of sex things painful
Sunhappy can't measure for shit
you are forgetting most women don't like getting their cervix pounded
big dicks kind of suck
imo
How much black dick have you seen SerNemesis ???
you cant do 90% of the funnest sex stuff with a big one
YES
yeah, it's such a hassle to use the big dildo
my h hurts me 1/2 th emonth
just from touchign my cervix
and forget doggy with a big dick
too ouch
chasing i hate th ebig dildo
its gathering dust
my h doesnt get it
lol
"why do you like that smaller one"
I only fuck black alphas. Why waste my time
lol atlas
Sunhappy: so how is jail?
They all have raging 8+ inch hard ons
http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2016/01/too-good-to-be-true.html
"In ancient Israel a court of 23 judges called the Sanhedrin would decide matters of importance such as death penalty cases. The Talmud prescribes a surprising rule for the court. If a majority vote for death then death is imposed except, If the Sanhedrin unanimously find guilty, he is acquitted. Why the peculiar rule? - See more at: http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2016/01/too-good-to-be-true.html#sthash
Idk why you think otherwise SerNemesis 
19:31:24 <Sunhappy> How much black dick have you seen SerNemesis ???
i trust the stats
AtlasB: y'all have sex toys?
"In an excellent new paper, Too Good to Be True, Lachlan J. Gunn et al. show that more evidence can reduce confidence"
rather than some woman's measurements
sure
Hmm
box of em
i never had them before
my h introduced them
somehow the universal assurance that "average is good enough" makes me less confident that it's true
i have nointerest in them
My ex hated the idea of using them
lol bardolatta
It made him feel like he wasn't needed
Or enough
like, if there was one woman here who confessed that she was a size queen, I'd worry less
i have a box of them too, atlas lol
b/c I'd take the ratio as representative
like 10/1 or 20/1
most women dont have sex with enbough men to know that
I think y'all are bigger size queens than any of us girls
my boyfriend bought them all, i think
because not that many women are size queens
19:33:47 <bardolatta> somehow the universal assurance that "average is good enough" makes me less confident that it's true
yeah haha
chasing right
it seems like bullshit
it hurts for most women to be too big
bardolatta: ok, here. I'll drag some of my personal shit out. I actually do prefer bigger things/stretch OCCASIONALLY
THANK YOU SO MUCH
fisting? sure. but I still prefer average dick
it seems like bullshit becaus eyoure not women
but the study doesn't lie
because it's more fun
ive had 1000s of convos with oowmen
big things all the time isn't fun
in private
it's ouchy
detailled sex convos
Yeah
depending on how the women feels she can take a different sized dick
you just don't understand how vaginas work
dick size is overstated by faggots
BUT THE FACT THAT YOU BROUGHT IT OUT SO LATE...
time of the month matters a great deal
lol
and was made a big deal
in the 70s
to promot emiscegenation
bardolatta: why would I be like "btw I like fisting"
I still stand by average dick > big dick
madsci rught
that's special occasion shit
madscilove++
half the month my cervix hurts
YES
fuck
do you know how much work has to happen before you can put a fist in there?
Yassss pound that out
chasingstatues: a handful of work
lol
On the better part of the month
i'd have sex less if it was that much work every time
women arent obsessed with getting off
cervixes change position throughout a woman's cycle
like men are
so it makes sense that average dicks are going to be pleasurable more of the time
i am
lol
in general
i like to imagine thrusting as doing the death star trench run
>madscilove  bardolatta: why would I be like "btw I like fisting" - yeah it's normal to not say stuff like that
if we start, i gotta finish
which is why I think the proportion of category 1/2 is unknown, but could be sizeable
19:37:29 <@AtlasB> women arent obsessed with getting off
women on the internet are
category 1 and 2*
most women to me are really really worried if they start taking 3 fingers...or more
szo what tho
and they're the only ones that we non-alpha men get to hear talk about sex candidly
i dont think most women want to be fisted lol
what percent of women would become heroin addicts
so you can understand why men tend to be misinformed
but never tried it
me either, atlas
this movie is great
this littl egirl is the cutest thing ever
which movie?
the fall
http://zumvo.so/watch-the-fall-2006-4385
Whats the argument ?
guys being insecure about dick size
spike jonez AND david fincher
whoa 
whats that movie about AtlasB 
its tarsem singh
i put it on you r list
whats it about tho
i little girl and a man ar ein the hospital and hes telling wer stories
ack! gillian anderson is in the fall?!
ok, I need to watch that
and gettign her to go do things fo rhim
Like average guys think they should be bigger?
I adore her
yeah
the little girl is so cute
in their quest to hit the anterior fornix they forget the cervix is very closeby and most women hate cervix-pounding
women aren't overly attracted to average things in general though 
Yeah it hurts
right witzie
women like men who are taller than average, richer than average, bigger dicks than average, the list goes on
that's why it seems to fail the bullshitometer test
i like cervix pounding if i m really high and its the 1st two weeks afte rmy period
so I dont blame men for being suspicious at "oh average is just fine"
Lol AtlasB 
bigger than average
I've never been with anyone significantly above average
is 6
6.5
7
7.5
yeah but the thing is women can't measure for beans
conditions gotta be right
It was always within the range
>witzie  women aren't overly attracted to average things in general though - uh I thought the funnest size was average
Wouldn't bigger than average be bigger than what they're used to?
they think a dick that fucks them well is big usually
And that even includes a half Asian
or is it slightly above average
guys are so good at eye-ball measuring dicks because that's what they do in the bathrooms
nah 
that's why they're designed that way
its got to be slightly above average
they need to see
witzie
whats average like 5.5 or something right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeAyIQ_OT_I
Guys do that in bathrooms?
sure at a gay bar
Isn't that gay?
eyeball measure? they have to
Hair can be deceiving
Lol
no, every bathroom
witzie so are most people lying in those threads
"average is awesome!!"
Maybe I'm off in measure
I had a boyfriend shave once and it was crazy how much bigger he looked
i went to a gay bar once and someone checked out my dick and lightly propositioned me while i was peeing
Men read those threads
Myself
bardo THEY DONT KNOWWWWWWWW
apparently i have a nice dick
They upvote what they want to hear
SMS: that's flattering
I don't carry rulers in my purse
Lol Sunhappy
yeah but he seemed a little cray
You know that length of your own hand then go from there
It's girl 101
But yeah bigger is nice. But hardly the most important thing women think about during sex
that's what I always did if I was curious blowing
Yeah blowing
shh don't tell men our secret
that was not in my girl 101 class
>DG69  They upvote what they want to hear /// yeah that's why I think there are a lot more size queens than talked about, I heard one woman complain about being downvoted for saying height matters
My hand is 7 
and I was like wtf, don't you guys want the truth
Dudes have been way beyond that
Dick height?
Or like his height as a person? bardolatta 
chasingstatues: were you sick that day?
someone should have brought you your make up work
Lol
no body height
i just probably wasn't paying attention, i never do
lol
Dick height or like as a person
Best of the night
Ahhhh
They get downvoted by Asians
If they say height matters
It's like TRP
"Make up" work
In girl class
Haha
Lol
hahaha
blowing: You know that length of your own hand then go from there <- oh clever
Asians get real butthurt on trp
Yep
Is there also home(maker) work
Hehe
With all this talk of amp and race realism
I bite my fork
If a FR mentions height they flip out
Smp
I hurtz myself
really blowing?
now i feel like the most secure asian possible
How tall are you
SMS:
5'7"
ok, I'll lay out the "so what" (which I think everyone knows about already)- if you're a normal size man you have an interest to not date (potential, possible, probable) size queens b/c you're not good enough.
and the silence feels like a conspiracy
http://www.hookingupsmart.com/2010/10/05/hookinguprealities/college-math-slut-lush-slush/
"I believe that if men had less alternatives, that is if most or many women had a fruitful sexual history, then that would become the norm and therefore acceptable."
there aren't that many size queens damnit
I don't understand the question
women will say your dick is big if they like you
they'll say its small if they hate you
Boo hoo. Men don't want to fuck fstties
And some women don't want to date shorties
What's the argument?
Sunhappy I know but no one lies about it
LOLOLL
what
It's not a crime to have a preference
Sunhappy the argument is not about whether it's bad that people have a size preference
at all
at all
Isn't that what trp says all the time??
no
why are you so convinced that people are lying about it?
Not everyone is lying
we're on an anonymous chat room, and most of us have stable LTRs
what could we possibly gain by bullshitting?
1. it's their incentive to 2. social pressure 3. you just did
"you just did" what?
3. not exactly, but delayed
what are we lying about?
Are you saying mads lied?
there sNO SOCIAL PRESSURTE
bardolatta: I did not lie
for women to bullshti abotu size
among themselve
Do you want these women to announce it to you? Put their dick preference on their profile?
szero
none
nil
I said "I prefer average dicks" this is the truth
Make it easier for us
I prefer them to not be crooked
Just write your size on your face
i like big dicks, but my bf is 7" and that's what big means to me
I think y'all don't want to believe us
1. you were all "average is great," then I said the consensus made me feel paranoid, then you added some context
i know bigger than that, based on toys, doesn't work so well
You know what would be annoying--- long dick but really thin.
Lol
bardolatta: the context doesn't matter
your paranoia is coloring your views
Aka Chris Brown
I don't even know the size of my partners. I just know if I liked them or not.
I don't prefer big dicks, therefore I answered your question honestly
10:53 PM <aZombieKitten> I don't even know the size of my partners. I just know if I liked them or not.
it's your fault if you decide to make assumptions about my other preferences based on that info
aZombieKitten++
19:52:36 <@AtlasB> among themselve
who are you guys arguing against?
a guy I like could be like I'm 10 inches and I'd be all cool baby you're so hot
i just see women
we don't see women talking among themselves
If I like their dick, I don't care how big it is.
Architect: bardolatta is a dude
architect arguing with bardo
blowing: lol just a casual 10"
oh ok
aZombieKitten: right
who's calling me a liar :)
Nbd just walking around with a 10 incher
you could choke someone with that 10 incher
Knock someone out with that thing
ok, I take back the liar, but it wasn't the whole truth
no, it was the whole truth
you're just twisting it now
look, in my fantasies, i could want something as impractical as a 20 incher and watch some anime bullshit, i don't want to date a guy with a 20" dick, though
Why are you butt hurt bardolatta
because my other preferences didn't fall in line with your expectations
Lol anime
not at all,
but you get my point, what does fantasy have to do with reality>
Talk about high expectations if that's the standard lol
i think women are better at separating this
Yeah you are
But why
blowing  Why are you butt hurt bardolatta // did you read the HUS link
omg high school reunions
No
when do high school reunions happen?
WE DONT CARE ABOUT LINKS WEVE ALL FUCKE DLOT SOF ACTUAL MEN
Stop trying to make me read shit
i haven't
Lol
hey old people
bardolatta: seriously just give a TLDR
this is it im leaving the redpill i canttake it lol
Haha
I don't want to have to read to fight
Hahaha
if you ask "what's your favorite ice cream" and I say "vanilla" then later say that I like ice cream cones
lol atlas
how many years after graduation do you have high school reunions?
I have answered your question honestly
i canttake arguing abotu sex with men who havent had sex
#Burn
1/2 "There is this notion of slut shaming in the media and it happens on a more personal level among people who shame one another. There is also something that is discussed on other websites but never in the wider media  something called slut rejection. The latter is what heterosexual men who seek a life partner supposedly engage in. I have personal experience with this."
SerNemesis: usually ten
2/2 "The latter is what heterosexual men who seek a life partner supposedly engage in. I have personal experience with this. My ex did not try to shame me but upon knowing more about me, he just sort of faded away. Its so wrong that women may have to lie or not say anything and either strategy is prone to backfire. I believe that if men had less alternatives, that is if most or many women had a fruitful sexual history, then th
cool Sunhappy 
i don't want to miss mine
wtf does that have to do with anything
TL;DR
But who cares. Facebook eliminates the need for reunions
I know what errbody up to
Ok
So what bardolatta ?
that's super irrelevant to the conversation
I skipped my 10 year reunion
oh, I'm excited for my 10 year reunion
bardolatta: why did you link that
aZombieKitten> TL;DR
#ShotsDoubleFired
#OfficeDOwn
#Officer
the office is down!
lol
send halp
#JokesAreFunnierWhenYOuTypeTHemProperly
the system is down
THE WHOLE OFFICE
Lol
tell me what happens to jim and pam!!
And we are down with the sickness
i could tell you
but that's spoilerz
.seen thegreasypole
>blowing  bardolatta: why did you link that // I believe individual women who say they're happy, that they prefer small, but when they say it doesn't matter, it smells conspiratorial
it's a motive that almost never discussed
lol mad
no one said they prefer small
you should note
they said "average"
i meant average
average*
w/e, typo
What you linked and pasted only talked about slut shaming so I'm confused
Huh
i prefer above average if average is 5"
19:57:56 <Sunhappy> But who cares. Facebook eliminates the need for reunions
Im fine with 5
what does slut shamign have to do with anyhtingg
5-7 is probably my ideal range
i can't go back from 7" now
oh man i have so many people from high school i need to track down and add
Ewwww
19:58:33 <blowing> I skipped my 10 year reunion
yeh 5-7
why?
I mean, right, but if the AFE thing is true, average men have a vested interest to avoid women with high n counts; the higher the n, the more ikely she's a size queen
Stop talking about HS I'm getting depressed
anything below is too small, anything above is probably uncomfortable
it seems like fun
oh
sorry
SerNemesis: I'm joking
Thick and 5+ is ideal
haha
okay
I didn't go bc I lived too far
5-7 for me as well.
i'm rather nostalgic for high school
fuck HS
i hated high school
yes sms
Just because I've been told I'm shallow, so it makes sense.
fuck it
lol
one poster said she was a "average is good enough girl"
b/c she'd never tried it
then she tried one and it changed her mind
and mos tppl say they dont liek heroin
tried one what?
of course MOST haven't tried
because theyve never tried it
tried what?
one word: dildos
and some people HATE heroin
I was a sosh in HS obvi
dont you se eho wludicrous what youre saying is
and it's fine if you HATE HEROIN
people can try whatever they want with the wonder of silicone
lol these girls don't use dildos?
seriously
youve never tried it you dotnkow
you can get a plastic alien dick
Lol what
to lay eggs in you
i was a cool nerd in high school
AtlasB: obviously most men don't know that they don't like being fucked in the ass!
because they've never tried it
amirite
madscilove  one word: dildos // I mean yeah, but dildos aren't a perfect substitute
exactly
women obviously care if their man has no dick
they arent bardo?
please
do tell
LEGALIZE HEROIN
explain how dildos arent a perfec substitute
lol
did you read a jstor arguemnt on it?
bahaha
article*
bardolatta> women obviously care if their man has no dick
11:04 PM <madscilove> AtlasB: obviously most men don't know that they don't like being fucked in the ass!
no that was about greek homosexuality
I love you
yes, of course
not size
madscilove:
Look at me
aw blowing 
I love you
No look here
I love you more
see i always knew blowing was bi
LOVE
hey, we have a special platonic love
Lol jstor
I love my girls here!
don't try to dirty it with your innuendo
:P
Yeah don't make it weird!
Just because we pillow fight in our panties when the boys go to bed.
"platonic"
suuuuuuure
platonic pillow fights
of course
Exactly
"she fell on me while pillow fighting"
Is bardolatta an incel
volcel, I think
Damn blowing
yeah volcel
Go iiiiiiiiin
i assumem tarsem singh is a sikh?
"DG69  Just write your size on your face" why the hostility - if a bunch of women tried to get me to agree that "all men prefer big boobs" I wouldn't well, react
Volcel??????? Why
this conversation is so amazing
religion
Insecurity
Ooh
almost certainly AtlasB 
Waiting for marriage?
boobs and dicks arent the sam eISSUE
Well that is an option too
yep
Singhs are punjabi and most of them are Sikh
Do you jerk off?
no
 <bardolatta> "DG69  Just write your size on your face" why the hostility - if a bunch of women tried to get me to agree that "all men prefer big boobs" I wouldn't well, react
I know it's hard to believe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarsem_Singh
ah yes sikh
well, it is irritating when someone's response to a debate is "you're all lying"
at that point, we might as well not have the conversation
because it will go nowhere
bardolatta: weren't you saying you wanted size queens to be honest and identify themselves??
not irl
What
Have you ever jerked off?
Omg
I'm saying if men just announced their sizes, then you'd never end up with a disappointed woman
just like I don't expect men with micro penises to say that on a first date
That cares about size
Well
right but social norms
You can see the boobs
if everyone else isn't disclosing it like that it makes you weird
if you do
You have a pretty good idea what size boobs a woman has
You have no clue with a dude until the time comes
also "you're the biggest I've ever had" that doesn't stop lying
bardolatta: have you ever jerked off
Well come on
thats why you fuck them the first night
madscilove I'm sorry I called you a liar
11:11 PM <bardolatta> also "you're the biggest I've ever had" that doesn't stop lying
There's certain things you say
It isn't meant to be literal
but I stand that, when you said you preferred bottoming out occasionally, that was relevant info
You're he best I ever had!
I've never been so hard!
yeah bullshit
FFS, when you don't know actual size, you REALLY don't care about it if the sex is good.
8:11 PM <AtlasB> thats why you fuck them the first night 
You just think "This feels great."
AtlasB++
20:10:25 <DG69> I'm saying if men just announced their sizes, then you'd never end up with a disappointed woman
"bottoming out" sound slike such a gay thing
no there would be a lot of lying
has a woman ever said that?
bardolatta: wtf does "bottoming out" mean?
Idk
the only real solution is to have men walk around with their dicks out
Your cock is so huge is really just the polite thing to say.
lol
but they'd get arrested
just out of curiousity
Inverted vagina?
blowing but men get punished for telling the truth even when it's not relevant
I don't understand you when you talk
can any of you betas and omegas
blowing like a guy posted about how his gf asked him to rate her and he said 6.5
imagine a man
who doesntg give a fuck?
Asshole
Lol
and she got mad; 6.5 is likely the best he's ever had by ar
by far*
That asshole told her she's a 6.5?
yeah
Asshole
That's spergy
Rate me baby!!!!!!
10/q10
that's a shit test
madscilove  bardolatta: wtf does "bottoming out" mean? //  https://www.reddit.com/r/bigdickproblems/comments/2807wv/bottoming_out/
why is he engaging?
The q is extra
in a shit test
Exactly
in 46 yrs i never hear d"bottoming out
Would you fuck that girl? SHIT TEST
he should say 1 and make it a joke
youre readign reddit fetish scumbags
and nerd
and poly bdsm pigs
or "keeping asking and I'll deduct points"
i don't think that's a shit test
yeah blowing!
It is
LOL that is a total shit test
It's a shit test.
A shit test
Lol
don't engage with that crap
This whole conversation 
it's a trap!
I shit test all day long
That was a shit test
Star wars meme. Where is it??
He didn't hold frame
There is no right answer to "rate me."
bardolatta: after reading that post you linked, no, I don't like the feeling of "bottoming out"
And he's about as dumb as a bag of hammers for rating her
even if we totally forget about the guy's perspective
that's... not what's happening in the sex act I'm talking about
I think if women were more honest about size people would match up with those who are more compatible
which is also not comparable to PIV
so
lkolol
No
how do you think ppl match up?
Lawd
11:16 PM <bardolatta> I think if women were more honest about size people would match up with those who are more compatible
No
It's like you guys don't live in reality about anything sometimes
what about compatible values and life goals?
Nope
Dick size
Cuz you're so caught up in your feels about your inadequacies
no one excluded that
and the ability to not kill each other for the next 50+ years of your life
The rest is noise
since when did dick size stop anyone?
Architect++
if a woman told me she only likes 8 inchers, but she was still gonna fuck me, I wouldn't give a fuck
bardolatta: how would you rate all the important factors in choosing a mate?
in order of importance
if it's an LTR< that'd be difference
Lol Architect
looks, dick size, values, goals, etc
I think if there was an attribute that men could hide from women, and they often did, and men tried to suppress info on how much that attribute mattered, people would be up in arms
>madscilove  looks, dick size, values, goals, etc // depends on the margins
What is it women are hiding? Their preferences?
most women don't give a shit about dick size as long as it's at least average
and that is the honest truth
we care way more about his looks, attitude, etc.
all the other things that get us into bed in the first place
it's not a big conspiracy
it's just largely irrelevant
no one thinks about men's dick size as much as men do. no one cares.
whether they're a size queen or not - let's say 50% of vaginas are compatible with large ones, and that's only 1% of men, and they've slept with 7% of that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uClNp8rLLVU
Really, once you hit average, who gives a damn. If it fits, and the sex is good, yay.
this is a pretty legit trap
you have a 7 to 1 ratio, 6 can't find a sexually compatible person
If there's a fit problem or the sex sucks, then maybe you care.
madscilove  most women don't give a shit about dick size as long as it's at least average // no one's denying that
Omg
i have almos tnoio idea what happened at the end of that movie but i love dit
I don't deny that
they're rare, most women haven't tried one, I don't deny that
This is insane
Just go out and fuck someone
Sunhappy  This is insane bardolatta // UVA was insane
lol
the country got angry over a guy who didn't exist
what?
Huh
What is uva?
haven monahan isn't a real person
Argh... to stay for IRC battle or to go use the bathroom? That is the real dilemma.
Lawd
that's not relevant in the slightest
university of virginia gang rape
WAT
None of that matters
the girl made up a rape story to get a guy jealous
is he an AI programed by trp and manosphere posts?
pick one topic and stick to it
Now I can't leave.
I honestly respect bardolatta's ability to never stop debating
ever
Just go out and have sex
but like actually EVER
With anyone
This is too scatterbrained for me to leave.
I'll just be lost when I come back.
To see that this really doesn't matter
The way you think it dues
Does
azombiekitten: you'll be lost either way :P
I am currently lost, honestly.
Maybe it would make more sense if I put the computer down and walk outside and go look at a dick.
Sunhappy stop avoid the issue by incel-shaming me
Just hold my hand aZombieKitten 
hahaha
You'll be ok
What
like this is so typical
Do you want a safe space??
http://imgur.com/a/5fCDy
no
I'm not shaming you
which flag do you guys like the best
what are these flags of?
the point isn't that shaming is a bad thing, but why can't anyone at least try to engage this substantively?
first flag is the Imperium of Men
dude.
so obviously flag 1
we've been trying for the past hour+
#MaleSUperior
supposed to be flag for europe or something
I don't know what 21 is, but it looks cool.
theyre having a vote 
right, it doesn't matter, I'm paranoid
lool
I'm a fan of 14
https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/42gtpg/pick_a_winner_flag_of_the_european_people/
the flag for europe cannot be a giant cross
I think i like 11
that's asking for shit
it looks badass
bardolatta: I suggest therapy
Sunhappy my therapist suggested enhancement surgery
To overcome your paranoia and distrust of women around matters of sex
....
I found another therapist
Like... For your penis?
he said, go gay, become a bottom
Noooo
i don't like 11
I don't believe you
the colours are garrish
why not arch
You serious bro?
madscilove it was obvious sarcasm
The fuck kinda therapy is that
Well you've been so ridiculous so far
hm I lik ethe black and blue
Forgive me for missing the mark on this one
pitch black flags with designs on them in white is too striking yet also not complimentary on a flag
why is it so hard to admit that there's a chance that average sized men who marry size queens are doomed b/c of that fact?
like, 1 in 50
you never posited that situation
in the entire conversation
yes, people who are sexually incompatible who marry are probably fucked
they shouldn't have gotten married
how is this garrish? https://i.imgur.com/IvG4iq2.png
>whether they're a size queen or not - let's say 50% of vaginas are compatible with large ones, and that's only 1% of men, and they've slept with 7% of that
>you have a 7 to 1 ratio, 6 can't find a sexually compatible person
yeah fiat I don't see it
I assume that one is #11, witzie / Architect ?
yeah
Women may be a size queen but find a guy who's penis size isn't the most important thing
yewa
right, the point is this - somewhere out there, there's a girl, just one, that would've been happier if she didn't sleep with a guy that made her a size queen
And enjoy sex with him anyway
ill past the ones i like
b/c bigger ones are rare, and it's not possible for every size queen to marry one
does that girl exist?
billions of people on the planet, this story should match at least one person right?
http://i.imgur.com/zMDuiw6.png
http://i.imgur.com/InQUoBm.jpg
those ones are logistically and aesthetically the best
IMO
bardolatta: probably, but people with size preferences will probably find that out on their own through dildos
imo
I don't think "don't discover your sexual preferences" is the answer for a happy life
possibly, but all the women who said they discovered their AFE zone did it through sex
I don't like 12
that second one
please stop getting all your info from the internet
maybe it has to do with positioning, or the need the mood
it has that fake weathering if it were plain colors it would look meh
but people would never talk about this irl
One of those flags looks very Celtic
b/c obviously guys would judge
architect I like that first one
The green& red
without the fake weathering
how are they logistically the best?
what does that mean
witzie: the graphic artist just did that
but I still like the black and white one with the hand on it
I don't think you need that
for the design
although it stikes me as a little sinister
I would have liked the green and red had it not been, well, those colors.
which one, madscilove 
21 is my favorite. I just like it for some reason.
can you link it?
fiat: as in, what Europe and European ideals are. There are flag suggests with Irish shit on them
yeah, let me find it
all or europe is not represented by celtic symbols
anyhow, if you're asking why I'm obsessed with this
most of the arguments for why n-counts matter are pretty shitty
and vague
but it's a male intuition
https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/_lFxXEbD0d97ralqp5pwgRO8PqjqdO6N_fGQnasTQca2ZJrqn1QNFq2IG9x8wc58rnWw4g=s128
that almost all men have
fiat
that looks like an ISIS flag or something
the AFE argument would be a watertight argument supporting that intuition
white on black is too striking
architect: it's super sinister looking, rihgt?
but I like it a lot
bah, madscilove i had my hopes up
LOL
when you said it was going to be sinister
i was imagining a fist
THE WHITE HAND OF SARUMON!
hahaha
but that's just a pimp slapping hand
it's diagrammatically simple - average v. canal is larger than average penis
RISES IN EUROPE
so you can't hit the fornix
it's bothersome to have an intuition you can't justify
i was imagining a fist, with a spiked bracelet or something
I don't like the communist symbolism
to symbolize rule through iron fist
isn't that kind of what the grain is
The hand reminds me of the red hand of Ulster
Which is also Celtic
someone also has a nazi flag
nazi symbolic
bardolatta: average vaginal canal length is 2.7 to 5.84 inches
which im amazed no one noticed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_vaginal_size
expanded
after arousal
Well the Nazis were European
why do you think they didn't notice Architect 
Is that 21?
maybe they like it
i should've specified "distended"
which one has the nazi flag?
witzie: loool
after arousal average is like 8+ inches
why laughing Architect ? I'm confused
the 3 quarter reich with the symbol in the top right negative space...
this one...
"The most commonly used measurements regarding the size of vaginas come from Masters and Johnsons work from the 1960s. They looked at 100 women who had never been pregnant and found that vagina lengths, unstimulated, range from 2.75 inches to about 3 inches. When a woman is aroused, it increased to 4.25 inches to 4.75 inches. "
http://i.imgur.com/N0bjJq8.png
bardolatta
that's false
and this one actually...
I assume they know what that means 
or don't care 
http://i.imgur.com/SlcVOYB.png
That red one was actually my favorite. lol
that one seems someone "too soon"
>it increased to 4.25 inches to 4.75 inches. // this makes no sense, how can people bottom out then
somewhat*
That one is a little swastiky
^
like, if that were true the average guy would hit the cervix
Confirmed: Zombie is a nazi.
I just liked the simplicity of its design, and THEN I realized it looked like a swastika.
the average guy does/can hit the cervix
wait one second, I remember someone mentioned that that study is old
https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/41ulsi/flag_of_the_european_people_contest/ 
it's unpleasant
ZombieNaziKitten
aZombieKitten: is going to start goose stepping and singing Seig Heil Victoria
Architect do you know what kind of sub r/european is
lol
a sub about Europeans
for Europeans
Architect> that one seems someone "too soon"
hahaha
I'm gonna keep this for a little while in shame. lol
witzie what kind of white are you
https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/41ulsi/flag_of_the_european_people_contest/cz7nzi9
Which Europeans do you descend from
look at the explanations
Architect: 
mm, coffee milkshake
alright, enough of this. I should go work
DG69: english and german
loool
i descend from the slaves your people took
Those are the exclusive clubs
it's cool though, im not mad about it
I'm not dutch Architect 
and be real would you rather be living in africa right now or canada?
lool
you're a carolinin southern bell
you should thank us ;)
madscilove found it https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/comments/3ukgo9/penisinvagina_piv_sex_fumbling_for_the_fornices/cxfn4il
Meh, there's Cherokee in my family along with some of the original sets of settlers of the U.S.
my ancestors came over on the mayflower
bottom of the post addresses the studies that exist of v. canal length
completely serious
Mine came over the second boat after the Mayflower, I believe.
Mine came over on the third
I know I traced back 13 generations before we were outside of the U.S.
mine bossed yours around 
 4.75 inches. doesn't make intuitive sense at all
;-;
because mine was the first governor of massachusetts
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Endecott
I did have a duke in the family, but he was Irish.
weirdly enough though this probably means we're related aZombieKitten 
No, wait Scottish.
Scottish duke.
:o True.
"The claims about the length of an aroused woman's vagina? They're usually based on Masters and Johnson poking rods into 100 women back in the 60s. We know nothing about each woman's age, race, height, or weight, just that they had never had kids."
if our ancestors were in that tiny pool of first immigrants
they surely intermarried
:D
Cousin!! :3
"39 women! And only 13 of them had never had kids! This is the state of research? "
"And the oft-repeated claim that distended vaginal length doesn't correlate with height? As far as I can tell, there's no basis for that at all."
"It is also safe to assume that most of what you see about vaginal size and shape on the Internet is just people repeating the same myths over and over again."
bardolatta you missed the memo
dick conversation is so last hour
Topic change, yo.
sorry I had to answer the study
ok
witzie++
s0o0o last century
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rS6sxHhkQ54
look what I found for lonny
I should be given karma...
Architect++
I'm actually starting to see what's appealing about tina fey
I have been convinced of Amy Poehler
parks and rec did that for me
I kinda found her weird and ugly before
nope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8vj4I1Njr4
well, I still think she's unattractive
ooh this is cool
but I like her in parks and rec
madscilove: you think everyone is ugly though
you're a cold harpie
also
me? nahh
tiny dicks
yes, I am a cold harpy with a tiny dick
thanks for noticing :)
loool
that wasn't the joke
but that's good too
an electronic counter measure joined
this lilly girl is so awesome
OK my h liked the suicide squad trailer 
Witzie has the heritage I'm most jealous of
who's ecm?
eastCoastMan
one of the ppd lawyers
oh, cool
he wasn't around when ppdbot was changed to boot potential stalkers
I know, and I'm failing terribly here
Someone help him
stuck due to Dulles and snow, so I'm trying to figure this out
yeah this auth thing wasn't around when you were here
Anyone want to help me through this?
back on reddit?
wait, didn't Architect post an Imgur pic with the instructions
yeah, did you find those?
I'll link the pic here if not
ecm do you see the instructions?
https://stats.quakenet.org/channel/purplepilldebate
ecm: https://imgur.com/hs9Wl0y
i thought they were in the description, i don't see it anymore
it's in the rules list
wait, don't give it to him! ECM said mean things about me a  year and a half ago!
#EpicGrudgeWin
LOL
suckah
he did?
what's that all about?
fuck him then
lol yes
:v
hahahha
#TeamArchitect
#TeamArchibold
#TeamDog?
lol
Yo thanks for the imgur mad, I'll figure this out
np
he's on the case
Ha, I'm trying to "disconnect" from PPD
but I can just let the time run out
you can manually leave
I'm dating myself terribly at the moment
"quit"
hey meeb
what are you up to this fine evening
It's 70F in this house
I'm dying
Might as well be out in the snow lol
.addterm logansrun http://ffilms.org/logans-run-1976/
can someone tell susan that
if im not here
sunhappy: too cold?
Yes
can we trade?
it's 78F here
I'm hot
70 is cold??
My nipps could cut diamonds right now. It's fucking freezing lol
or hot?
wth?
Yaassssss so cold omg
I keep my house at 60 most of the time
to save money
it's currently 18 degrees in my room
in the summer I keep it at 75 and its hot
omg how is 70 cold
that's so freaking warm
I can't imagine paying to heat my place to 70
I'm dying
that's bizarre
Goosebumps all over
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/01/24/trumps-boast-blacks-will-like-me-better-than-obama.html
Lol
lol
I bet black people like trump 
I'm doing a bet with Rs dad
He thinks Clinton is gonna win
Saying he'll come down to my city for her inauguration
http://www.theamericanmirror.com/video-black-woman-vows-divorce-if-husband-doesnt-vote-trump/
Me and his mom think it's Trump
What???
That's too much
LOL
my money would be on clinton
She can't even clean out Sanders
AtlasB can you link to those aunties who love trump again?
And she has a bigger machine NOW then she did in 2008
I wanna show that to s
And she was a given THEN
I think the fact that people consider her status quo and a "shoe in" is what's going to do it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP6S3KE2DaI
I think it's going to be another case of "we like trump!" now, but he won't get the votes
could be wrong though, who knows
hey yall
awwww
I love those women so much
theyre adorable
i love them
i like how she keeps negating her name
megan kelly, kelly meghan whatever your nam eis
You got somethin to say????? You got somethin to tell him?  RUN IT BY ME FIRST!!! I'll tell you if you have PER-MISHH-SHUNNNN
haha
LOL not more steps
i wish she was out 1st black president
Ooh god
"As an older woman, my hair does not grow like it used to, the thick and colr is changed from full to thin and blond to white. My husband said that since I cut it off short to manage it and look less scraggly, he hates it. Therefore, he left me for a younger woman. I am a Christian and he is not. What is funny is that he has no hair at all." 
roflol
with that other chick as her vp
Imagine the state of the Union??
Or her evening address to the nation
No thanks
Lol
sounds epic
why no thanks
It's just a lot for me. 
whoop, I've been on all this time
http://i.imgur.com/mtCXM5y.jpg
indeed
Lol chasing 
https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/42ipeg/what_does_being_in_love_feel_like/
https://www.reddit.com/r/lookatmygirlfriend/top/?sort=top&t=all
lol this sub
wtf lol
i can't believe this is real
dat top post
The first comment is really just...
It's like the ultimate upvotebecausegirl
lol
someone should try doing a respot of that
some of these gfs are really cute
https://i.imgur.com/KLid0K3.jpg
ah fuck it
I don't need this shit this early in the morning
whats up
she's cute
I'd smash
oddly endearing
http://i.imgur.com/6MJKf.jpg
crab girl looks fun too
witzie: https://files.slack.com/files-tmb/T07FHKT3N-F0K97C6R2-801aa4bdf1/12096435_10156375326900221_767971391788498895_n_360.jpg
I like how genuinely proud these guys seem to be of their girlfriends.
whats this SerNemesis 
K, I have seemingly everything right here
a filthy race traitor that is what
When I use WhoAmI, it's all working, all that
I can't see it SerNemesis 
ecm: /mode ecm +x
I have to be signed in
oh
meeb!
how do I make an account?
so that is literally, "+x"
yes
after the nickname?
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/ZFoB6Xmx/
here ya go
ph god
lol
good for her
a trade up for sure
if you're gonna race traitor at least find a decent looking guy
ecm: you don't have to part, just type this literally as a command, /mode ecm +x
05:51:10 -|- ecm [uid142236@ealing.irccloud.com] has quit [Registered]
05:51:10 -|- ecm [uid142236@ecm.users.quakenet.org] has joined #purplepilldebate
....
fixed, do that every time you connect or put it in your client wherever your on-connect scripts go
" 61% of American Indian female newlyweds married outside their race, compared with 54% of American Indian male newlyweds."
sounds like indian men bitch a lot over a not significant difference
thanks
fuck what a journey
what a mess in the district
I suppose this is putting time to good use
Wow. lol
Both sides race traitor.
21:53:45 <@witzie> " 61% of American Indian female newlyweds married outside their race, compared with 54% of American Indian male newlyweds."
huh?
that sounds way than i expected for both sexes
i thought most indians marry within the race
the indian females just race-traitor first
racial AFBB
wait
"american indian"
here SerNemesis 
http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/06/12/interracial-marriage-who-is-marrying-out/
is that americans in india? native americans? or actual indian-americans?
yeah i think they mean native americans lol
oh shoot really?l ol
they probably included indians under asian
are indian indians grouped with asian
that's so annoying
this isn't england
look at the asian race-traitors
indian =/= asian
they oughta be honor killed
you indians ought to protest against the accepted banner being "asian" 
because you know nobody thinks of you under that term
you ought to lobby for "Indasian" or "Asindian" or something
Shouldn't Indians from India make a stand?
They were "there first", why should they change
In Canada, convenience store indians are "aboriginals"
No, casino ones are aboriginals. My bad
it's called south asian
lol
American Indians should lobby for their own term
It's a joke, relax
witzie> indian =/= asian
yeah
"Dulles International will have at least one runway open for flight operations beginning Monday morning, January 25."
AT LEAST ONE... that's really optimistic
Christ guys, I thought Canada had a monopoly on this stuff...
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42iw6v/last_night_my_29m_girlfriend_29f_of_3_years/
aww
reading it now
So let me ask you this - what is the difference between someone being an "operator in" and a "member of"?
member of is just general everybody
ops are like irc mods
operator = big boss, top dog, alpha fucks
voiced is like half-mods
haha
member = beta bux, omega, incel virgin, foreveralone, suicidal
ok, witzie I like yours better
.addterm ops big boss, top dog, alpha fucks
chan ops, thanks cute :3
 meeb 
God, I'm old. I actually thought "voiced" meant they were connected by some sort of microphone and literally could be voice-talked with
.quote
.quote
haha
.quote
aw, witzie that relationships post is so cute
.quote
One more - I see there is PPDAfterDark and PPDMMA, what exactly are these (the first is somewhat, explanatory, but why not have just one?)
I have no idea what PPDMMA is
Mixed martial arts obviously
but afterdark is just a separate room for more explicit sex talk
ppdmma is obviously just a hashtag someone made and someone clicked into it
It's the place where alphas practice the art of beating the omega into submission
its not a serious thing
yeah
.quote
I see. I'm going to have to get Atlas and Leane and we'll start PPDGeriatric
.quote
Technology is frightening to me
people mostly just talk in here
sometimes the singles get frisky in afterdark. 
I just stay signed in there and poke my head in when they have more serious discussions and it's dead in here
how old are you, ecm?
30
oh, psh. that's hardly geriatric
but I'm widly out of touch with technology
ecm, you can do just fine with a stone club and furs
do the caveman thing
.quote
and what the hell is this quote thing?
.quote
ecm, just some quotes people saved
via ppdbot
.quote
.quote
.quote
lol
context
I see
.quote
ACK  THE NEW XFILES IS OUT
brb in an hour OMG
.quote
Okay, so I'm stranded due to snow, that's what's keeping me up - what's your excuses?
it's only 8:45pm here
oh, false alarm on xfiles
F and I realized we're not ready
it's too soon
.quote
that's a good excuse, ha
.quote
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42j9t5/i_44f_have_recently_been_catching_my_daughter_16f/
what a weird concern to have
demon child.
is she like..staring at the walls?
yeah
I watched The Orphan the other night, so I'm pretty knowledgeable on this topic
I mean, it's a little different but out of all the things your kid could be doing
it's pretty mild
I used to space out like that when I was a teenager
.quote
daydreaming I guess but not all the time. thats kinda weird but better than catching her blowing the neighbor boy I guess
lol atlas
haha
.quote
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42j9t5/i_44f_have_recently_been_catching_my_daughter_16f/czavw9z
haha, "communing with the mothership" that's cute
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42hinn/would_you_support_government_funded_prostitution/czacepm
dude, I love scully and mulder so much
I've never seen someone try to argue against logic so hard
"What makes you think government pimp would be better than private pimp?"
GI Pimp
ffffffffffffffp
hahaha. Can you imagine 
booking flights takes fucking ages
better get a pimp, meeb
k
do pimps book flights ?
dragoness You're not seriously arguing for government funded prostitution though?
hell no
I agree with bromance9 
I was going to say...
Just legalize it, keep the government out of it
exxactly 
I would imagine private enterprises tend to be less corrupt than government-run ones anyway
so who exactly in this thread is arguing illogically?
the two arguing agaisnt him
tks dragoness
i dont know how people pretend to be objective "i dont think anything" when they have an agenda
it's just a silly, contrarian position 
i mean its an interesting idea it just wont work
It's not though 
nah, it absolutely will work
it just doesn't need to be
no it wouldn't work
I barely want to pay for foodstamps. if government funded prostitution became a thing I'd be in prison for tax evasion within a year
.quote
I didn't even bother to look at that post, it's absurd
You can have the government run a brother the same way you can have the government run anything else, there's nothing stopping them. But there's just no reason to use taxpayer money to fund it. Make it private.
dragoness, you'd just move to Russia
well, duh
the government can't run ANYTHING right
^^
the government is terrible at actually running anything
what makes you think they can run this? Have you been to the DMV? It's absurd
its mainly good for redistributing goodies =^)
Yeah, but that doesn't mean a government-run brothel wouldn't work
I mean, how wouldn't it?
it was more honest when they paid u $5 for a vote
it would fall apart within a few years
lol lauren collins rejected someone becuase she heard he was uncircumcized?
As in, the building, physically?
"as for me, i've gone on 9 first dates with men. 1 of them didn't call me back and the other guy, i heard from a friend was uncircumsized. but of the 7 that did get a second date blah blah"
Because it won't be more expensive, and the black market will outcompete them
From the vibrations?
and then what, we'd have to reroute how much law enforcement just to dealing with the safety of hookers??
Why in the hell would a prostitute want to share even more of the money she makes?
ecm, that's the beauty of government-run... things. They don't fold just because they can't turn a profit
Yeah, it would work. Some people would go there. It would function. Doesn't mean it should be done
I wouldn't want government-run bungie jumps either
.quote
No, they'll be out compete by the free market, when a hot prostitute decides to "go it herself", and not share her profits with the torpid sloth receptionist, and the janitor, and the government, and so on, and so on
lol
that's the EVIL of the government, it doen't respond to the checks and balances of the free market
Government ventures are generally not competitive anyway
i mean, it depends on what u mean by "work" lol
IT's not like they run out of hitpoints when they're outcompeted
can you imagine the debates? 
"budget deficit this year. what shall we cut? on the one hand, schools..."
hahaha
lol
hookers make a lot these days. $400/hr is normal
sorry kids. the good news is, when your shitty education gets you nowhere in life, you can always become a government whore
not to mention, it would certainly unionize, like all government employees. And from my experience that means "the more senior, the more money and benefits".  Let's see how that works out in the prostitution business...  older is better, right?
prostitute pensions...
well...
older hookers get less business, so compensate with more benefits, right?
you have to be trolling here?
not sure myself actually
the freemarket has this solved, LESS regulation is better here
obviously
I'm NOT making an argument for government-run prostitution dude
but you ARE saying you don't see how it couldnt work
well yeah
like, "what could go wrong!?"
everything 
no, not like that
.quote witzie1
aw babby's first quote
Yeah, it would work. Some people would go there. It would function. Doesn't mean it should be done
that was you Carkudo
I think it would function alright, and people would use it. It's just not something taxpayer money should be spent on
explain that
.quote drok1
.quote SerNemesis1
haha well if something doesn't have financing (tax payers in this case) it makes no difference if it could hypothetically work outside of financing
.quote Carkudo
bwuh
.quote madscilove1
wtf is this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPh-1bsye-0
someone preps the bull?
wat!?
wat?
hahaha
oh shit, I just got it
"And if the child comes out black you're on the right track."
from the comments 
I have no idea what this has to do with Sanders though 
found it on the r/the_donald sub
hahaha
those guys are strange
can't stump the trump
.quote AtlasB1
best quote
lol
see meeb we're not so bad
.quote dragoness1
sadfeelzman.jpeg
he come the blog posts
*here. 
>Later on, Dagny has an affair with Hank Rearden (who's married to someone else at the time, but this is the sort of minor consideration that doesn't hold back Randian supermen).
why didnt i buy that laptop like I said I would
>Almost as soon as their relationship begins, he demands to know how many other men she's slept with and who they were. When she won't answer, he seizes her and twists her arm, trying to hurt her enough to force her to tell him.
>dat beta
http://www.alternet.org/news-amp-politics/top-10-lessons-strange-mirror-universe-ayn-rands-atlas-shrugged
wtf
what? and how did dragoness call that?
so emily charland and lauren collins are the same person, right?
lolol its what he does ecm 
I just looked back over here and lol'd. Best way to end the night.
makes an entrance and cites an article and quotes it?
ha
.quote architect1
.quote fiat1
.quote protopill1
.quote witzie5
that really is the question
haha
I've been looking for that quote for ages
.quote witzie10
<dragoness> The real question is, how much asian dong can I take before I become a slut? <- that reminds me of that Chloe chick from PPD
.quote witzie15
whatever happened to her?
she got downvoted into oblivion, banned from everywhere and disappeared 
.quote witzie20
how anticlimactic
.quote witzie25
just like her sex life
that quote is lame
.quote del witzie25
.quote witzie30
.quote witzie41
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42c0lr/if_all_men_are_potential_rapists_why_do_you_hang/czawlid
lolwut
God, world is going to shit (when has it not be going to shit I suppose)
roflol
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/ottawa/free-yoga-class-returns-to-uottawa-student-centre-1.3417817
.quote witze53
what the fuck
.quote witzie53
Granola white woman who was giving free yoga classes was forced out due to "insensitivity" to Hinduism, they hire a Canadian-born Indian to take over
Christ, I have to move back to the US
http://www.attn.com/stories/5342/free-the-nipple-yoga
indeed
Is granola white like a skin color or something?
https://np.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42i6xb/what_movie_had_an_absurdly_simple_solution_to_the/czai2jb
No, I mean "granola" in like a hippy-sense
"granola" is slang for a hippie beatnik
guys no
It also should be a skin color
she's spiritual 
she's in tune with mother earth 
I'm with Kyle
She was literally harmless, being a modern day beatnik, and people "got offended" because she was "appropriating Hindu culture"
except not for the same reasons
"It would be if they weren't slaves to conventional, oppressive thinking and childish notions of ownership and jealousy."
what exactly is the point of cultural appropriation outrage anyway?
oh. he's one of those people...
I don't know but it's segregation and its finest
*at
Would it have been okay if she had called something other than yoga?
HOW are you with Kyle?
Kile sounds like the worst kind of beta loser
I'm not, I didn't read the full context
no, just poly
oh, wait..
lol dragoness 
.quote witzie64
I know these types. They are LOSERS
Polys are losers?
they look and act exactly like Miles McInnes
yes
No, Carkudo, but the ones who preach this shit, are
lol
poly women are winners, poly men are loosers. :D
I don't like poly
me neither 
"My relationship is so much more enlightened than your primitive, unenlightened, patriarchal relationship!" 
I expect them to start talking about paganism and Earth godesses immediately afterwards...
and vegan
:D
I guess I'm just a slave to my conventional, oppressive thinking and childish notions of ownership and jealousy...
veganism is a given, ha
fuck netflix and chill
.quote witzie77
gimme culture-neutral meditation and asparagus
According to my resarch, veganism has a probability to include poly to 86 percent. The corralation can be derived frm their lack of meat. As no meat, they need other saucages
this does not bode well for me =/
.quote witzie88
lol
.quote witzie99
of course
.quote witzie44
.quote witzie33
.quote witzie22
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/isis-fighter-executes-mom-asks-quit-report-article-1.2489867
you cant tell me what to do mom
Yikes
Guess that will teach her
You know you've really failed S a parent when your kid joins isis
that's how you know they're all mentally ill 
dencrypt> poly women are winners, poly men are loosers. :D
I'm a bit late on this, but I feel like there's this assumption that poly men are getting the raw end of the deal
most of the poly men I associated with were real pussy hounds
there's the "fat loser" section of the poly population for sure, but I think some poly men are winning hard
wait
http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.2491649.1452463950!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_400/canyon11n-1-web.jpg
The poly men I've met (not that many though so I can be wrong) has been beta feminist men who try to rationalize their cuckold behaviour with how progressive and women-friendly they are.
how old is that man, would you guess? 
anyone..
37?
30
46
Idgi
daaaamn
30
what
like..WHAT?
He's prettier than me
"Carlson reportedly had five children, all from different mothers. Its unclear how many grandchildren he had overall."
yeah, I'll bet
dencrypt is right though, most poly guys are self-proclaimed "enlightened" beta losers
http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.2504021.1453341667!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_400/execute21n-1-web.jpg
this guy, on the other hand..
43
Is that a booger
He's so
the blow isnt helping obviously
Sweaty
haha idk what the hell that is
for real!
he might've actually been even younger in that picture
Gross
23:59:09 <@witzie> Guess that will teach her
well at least one guy is able to stand up to his asian mom... :/
oh my god
it's pretty interesting 
someone has put thousands of hours into research and analysis and will go largely ignored by any kind of esetablishment
hamster in overdrive
who?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzGvRfh8tBg&feature=em-subs_digest
why do these guys always have to sound so weird
"Each year this man and his wife had a child; and as his wretched wife had no milk, each year without fail the child died.L
lol
and he couldnt even count up to 4
thats pretty stupid
Hi PPDBot 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42m7cf/rpw_is_not_one_simple_trick_to_fix_all/czbcji9
goddamn
DAE believe that the majority of people is average?
yes
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42itwk/cmv_the_vast_majority_of_men_are_broadly_average/
yes
OP thinks so too
that is what most of us are
LOL
even if our moms think differently
does OP think the majority of women are above average?
but that sentence is so funny
CMV: Majority = average
true
lol wing!
ugh I just got naseous reading Xemnas his response in that thread about apex alpha
 no the majority of people like to do things like get hung up on meathooks
Why?
or draw pictures of naked cat people
exactly drok
we are all outliers
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42itwk/cmv_the_vast_majority_of_men_are_broadly_average/czb10dz
i had a semi-decent conversation with powerkick, he remained at a level 5 hysterics the whole time, when he is usually at an 11
this weekend was horrible
I switched my PC and replied to questionign women, bengunn and even dstoo
I don't know how people can not use an ignore list
https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/42kzat/craigslist_ad_leads_to_home_invasion_one_dead/czb6yrz
did you see this AtlasB 
looking
damn DavidHasselhof
that was brave of you
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/ZvMvxnRF/
you mean replying to them?
according to xemnas
I just didn't have my ignore list because I switched my pc
aaah
lol david right??
my ignore doesnt work on my phone
so i still have to see wombat and CWM
unbearable
"As such I agree I can't see every woman feeling Alpha Widowed by your generic attractive guy."
I call bullshit
RPs shot down CWMs rude trp comment about me and RPW sub
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42asqn/female_dating_advisor_shares_why_women_cant_find/czbbzgd
It's full of bullshit david
We should do a PPD meetup, then laugh about him.
https://www.carnivoreclub.co/
Ryan Gosling apex alpha?
super high status
agreed to that
>RPW serves to give women a space to discuss their sexual strategy absent the corrosion of feminism. They don't need help getting on the cock-carousel, that's just nature to them. Rather, they are attempting to learn from our discoveries to make effective and positive decisions that will provide them long-term happiness rather than the short lived, hot
burning flame of the early twenties carousel.
hmm, I think we should do a sub, absent of the corrorsion of TRP, where men can learn how to make effective decisions that will provide long term happines rather than the short lived...
don't we have like two already?
which?
Alreadyred and TRPcore
https://www.carnivoreclub.co/past_boxes
i really hope your post deters some of the fix-my-hopeless-relationship-problems posts, wing
They aren't dedicated to LTRs
i thought those were more theory subs
absent of TRP stupidity
hm
there used to be /r/becomeaman
that was a TRP sub
yeah but that is dead
and nobody of real value wants to hang around merp
but it was pretty good
But isn't the point of become a man to simply do that and not to discuss more?
could be
anyway, I'll be posting stuff in TRPcore that are more catered to LTR's and selection
i mean you don't really need TRP to become a man
all of that stuff is out there
right
the theory is the bread and butter
except for the poor boys who got their visions "clouded" by their horrible feminist mothers
i understand rpw is a place for ladies to come and learn and try to change their ways but yeesh reading some post history of certain users is like a redflag central
well i mean its still out there
yeah, just felt the need to make that jab
good morning!
my mom was the perfect dunning-kruger blend to be terribly affected by feminism
i just stopped listening to her
my mother skipped half of it
I stopped listening as well
I did get the typical "if you are nice/good"
then bla bla
Hi, meowlies! Are you new to RPW?
no! well, i don't post a lot on the sub. i came around here for a while during the summer -- my username is meowlies!
i think i used the nickname "owlies" before
Oh, okay. I wasn't really sure since I didn't recognize your username. :)
yes, i don't think i've been around in a while. 
thank go dmy mom was realistic abotu men
and sex
and "game"
she taught me game
thats why when i read about it it was so obvious and natural to me
Did you have an account just for RPW?
I had more fun learning it myself
My mom just told me to go full lesbian.
aaaaaaaah the typical man-hater
Well, I think the bad experience with my dad really jaded her.
I am almost inclined to ask how many men your mother had
I don't know her N-count.
right
I meant relationship wise
She was married to my dad for 16 years before she died.
I sometimes think it was a shotgun wedding.
oh
that sucks
actually i dont think my mom had a lot of men objectively
yes! kind of. i don't talk on reddit, i just like to read and have an account to keep the subs i like to read there. 
but she had quite a few for 1967
Eh, it happens. I understand her reasoning behind pushing me to lesbianism and/or possibly the CC (because she also encouraged me to work at Hooters through college).
reddit tends to get a little argumentative for me
surely you jest 
I know my mom partied, but I don't know if she was a slut by any metrics. *shrugs*
lol
I understand that, meowlies.
the typical man-hating rhetoric comes from women who either had a major problem with one man in their life
I have many subs I read but don't post on.
or problems with several men but smaller scale problems
it's amazing that even places like /r/frugal can evoke a lot of arguments, lol
unless they are lesbianese
Yeah, my dad really made her hate men, I think.
Even though her dad was a really good father.
your dad is a dick?
or a pussy?
my mom only had my dad 
Well, he was a drunkard.
thats what she says and I believe it
IS a drunkard still.
blegh
She's lucky she missed out, really.
so an incompetent fool
witzie http://www.overcomingbias.com/2009/07/stupider-than-you-realize.html
These days, absolutely.
As a kid, I don't really remember him that way.
my mom had a possessive jealou sblack bf
when she was in her teens
who hit he ronc ein public
and then he was excuted?
executed*
I don't know how the laws worked back then
lol RedManBearPig 
I know my mom had a male best friend in high school, and I know she had a couple of boyfriends before my dad. I also know she used to party, do drugs, and suntan naked on the roof of her parents' house.
ijat AtlasB that overcoming bias link
*okay
some of that is just astounding
like the se habla espanol
only 16%?
people on the internet want to get all up in arms about everything
some girl started an argument on /r/makeupexchange the other day
lol
I think even /r/aww gets into arguments.
lol tom robbins wrte the best thing abotu that
he wa sin mexico
you can say anything and act any way you want to , with no consequence 
an dhe thought "hablo" meant "have
and you were esaying
"i "have" spanish"
like i havethe capacity to speak spanish
lol
so when kids were asking him for chiclets
he kept responding
no hablo chiclets
hahaha
and he realized later that he kept tellign kids he didnt speak chiclets
hahaha
and went on to ruminate what it would be liek to speak chiclets
hes a genius
everyoen read still life with woodpecker
RP double plus goodness
no cuba
https://books.google.com/books?id=O-Z1-eAQzPIC&pg=PA117&lpg=PA117&dq=no+hablo+chiclets&source=bl&ots=vrLQXldJr8&sig=znaZQeK14BZCe2_R_EZn17EFvW4&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjmkbWcwcXKAhVBNT4KHYSdAZoQ6AEIHDAA#v=onepage&q=no%20hablo%20chiclets&f=false
J is up to something.  He's planning some sort of big surprise.
Hi guys
I was just reading the sidebar
hi passerby
what brought you to rpw
also lol kitten
is that good or bad? lol
Finding it useful, Passerby6? :)
I was reading the "how to pick a wife" article
It's really good. Practical info for guys
I like surprises.  I suspect he may be planning to propose.  Trying not to get too excited
Oh, I think a Cuban-American writer we had come to campus once recommended him.
Is there a male equivalent?
AtlasB I was reading that thread you linked
lol heres how the woodpecker picks up princess chei leigh while some boring environmentalist is trying to impress her
you have really hurt some of the terpers feelings
Aw @ kitten :) sweet
https://books.google.com/books?id=O-Z1-eAQzPIC&pg=PA117&lpg=PA117&dq=no+hablo+chiclets&source=bl&ots=vrLQXldJr8&sig=znaZQeK14BZCe2_R_EZn17EFvW4&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjmkbWcwcXKAhVBNT4KHYSdAZoQ6AEIHDAA#v=onepage&q=yum&f=false
whaaaa
kittenkajira: Don't get too excited. :p You might explode.
yes i have
im sorry they are build a better beta
and im sorry mommy has to ban them sometimes
hehehe
its funny
Yeah.  He's had this damnable twinkle in his eye for weeks when he looks at me.  
some of those terpers seem to think RPWs need to listen to them
Like Build a Bear, but less cute and more angry.
and be all submissive to them
It's mainly the MRPers that are guilty of that mentality.
cause they are all yeah
the most practical info for guys would be on /r/theredpill
we are the TERPS
What brought me to rpw? I've always been pretty rp
ooo kitten lol
yes
thats what i purged
Ah OK I'll check that out
single handedly
Does the surrendered single go over picking a guy?
its funny how feminist TWOX
allows itself to be destroyed and invaded by men
and i had no trouble purging them
Passerby6: did you mean a female equivalent?  Like what to look for in a man?
I haven't read that. I was hoping there would be an audio book
Yes, kitten
kitten i dont know your situation but be careful about anticipating that!
I love how they get mad about it, too.
yeah
i know too many girls that were sure their so was going to propose then became bitter/resentful when it was just a puppy or a special evening. granted those women were not rp and i dont think this would be the case with you but it was worrysome to watch it play out
i dotn understand ppl of the opposite sex who post on sex specific subs
I dont get taht
i really dont
I dont get that either
i dotn pos ton mens subs
Like they can have their male-only space but then get mad at us for wanting to keep our space relatively female-only.
right
all those men in twox who HAVE To get on and say
Hell, I don't even touch TRP anymore.
"but what about the menz"
its ridiculous
i wanted to institute "$$$$ or get the fuck out"
lol
heheh
but i know the humorless spergs would take it seriouslyu
beta bucks
BUCKS OR GTFO
I'm trying to play it cool, but he keeps ramping up my excitement!  Like yesterday we were around friends, talking about what we're all planning for the new year, and he had me take my hearing aids and turn towards the wall before he'd say what he's planning.  I couldn't hear a thing!  Pffft.
they would go shriekig off to trp
loook
RPW
It would've been funny for us, but you're right that they would totally take it so seriously.
AWALT
*take off
they told us to give them money!@
they tried to beta bucks me
I showed them amused mastery
Also my hatred for feminists brought me to rpw
translation
I sulked
nice comment happy
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42mgbd/poor_communicator_trying_to_come_back_from_repeat/
lol kitten!
9:49 AM <AtlasB> but i know the humorless spergs would take it seriouslyu <--- i can imagine someone paying gold to stay in rpw
hahahh
Awww haha
Oh wow, kittenkajira
lol she should do that
I'd be suspicious, too, if my SO asked me to take off my hearing aids to say something. >_>
I'm sure he knows I'm just bursting with wanting to know now.
There's lots of other hints, too.  I just wonder how long I've got to wait before getting this surprise
that overcoming bias article is so interesting
because its really true
which article is it?
I may need to read it
ppl on the left half of the bell curve canliterally not conceive of ppl on the right
like omega males beign invisible to women
http://www.overcomingbias.com/2009/07/stupider-than-you-realize.html
I know I am guilty of that
being baised
How long have you been dating?
its gotten better since I joined this irc
Over 4 years
"this is why we are in a liberal designed idiocracy heading for Mogadishu, because when they imagine themselves and their friends reaction to their harebrained schemes it always works out"
yes
for decades american lefties have attempted to transpose sweden on us
To him, we get married when we are ready to have children.  Also, he doesn't believe in long engagements.
without swedens monoculture
and monoethne
complate failure to understand why canada and sweden are the way they ar ean dthe US is th eUS
Guys are sensible
I feel really ashamed, but I accidentally got the mega-hint.  A package came the other day, and I looked at the label to see if it was one of mine or his coming, and I saw the word "ring" and quickly looked away.  
Curse my ability to read everything at a glance
lol! inadvertent snoop!
A is so mean, he was going to fake propose to me on christmas lol
Oh, that's not right!  At least do it on April 1!
he got my pearl necklace/earring set and said he was going to get the earring box out and slowly approach me
ROFL
Was he going to get down on one knee, then be all "your shoe is untied"?
yeah
i got him a gaming laptop and he opened it xmas eve and said after he heard how hard it was for me to get (i had to order 4 laptops before this one finally shipped) he didnt have the heart lol
did I hear Sweden?
YES KITTEN
DAMN YOU JIM HALPERT
bork bork
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unmwse1v2vY
I watched some canadian spout off about south africa
once
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMA1R0FHfCs
and he was completely off
lol
molyneaux
I think itwas
This is the greatest ever test of my poise.  I must play it cool.  I know nothing, suspect nothing.
monoculture?
Mine said "I'm going to marry you this year, probably in the next 6 months" over the phone last week
Aww littlebee! 
He's been visiting family for 2 weeks, coming back this Thursday
we only grow one single crop?
aww!
i smolyneaux canadian?
no wonder i hate his face
he is
and
he has NEVER been to SA
and he spouted some crap about how black cultures in SA favour single motherhood
completely
misunderstanding
why that happened
how the very strong familial bonds seemed to break down
stupid man
Just before he said that he asked me if it was ok if he brought me a surprise.  I'm trying to stay cool too lol so I feel ya kittenkajira
Haha.  It's tough!  
ey
AtlasB
what do you mean by monoculture?
a homogenous culture
anyway I just needed to rant on him
rather thanmulticulturalism
until recentlky
ah
well that might be true
How long have y'all been dating littlebee? 
scandinavian soft socialism doesnt realize how much it depends on lack of diversity
we want people to assimilate
3 1/2 years
diversity is the enemy of socialism
"assimilation" doesn tmatter
jan janssen doesnt mind helpin gsven svensen and his family
they are probably related
awww littlebee
how exciting!
they will not want to give largesse to assimilate dmohahemed ibn abdul
that's kinda not true
It is! :D
it is
but I see your point
no
I live here
but you can be wrong if you want
its ok
i dotn care
its too new
well be ignorant then ;)
progressivism in the US
wa smore popular
among whtes a s well
when we were 90% white
the socialism will flow in one direction
from the pockets of native swedes
into the pockets of mohamed
with no reciprocal contribution
and the support will fall
it depends
multiculturalism is actually a bulwarkk agaisnt socialism
something dumbtard conservatives dont understand
if the nationalists gets power soon it will get harder for the newcomers
this sint politcs im talkign about
it sinchoate human nature
I love the masculine and feminine post on trp. I think rpw should steal it
socialism is ethno tribalism at it sbest
it has to be forced at gunopoint
haha
on divers epopulations
yeah AtlasB
You do really have som great delusions about Sweden
we're not china
you can see that in Africa
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42kwk0/feminine_and_masculine/
i dotn ebvne know what youre talkign about dencrypt
all those internal wars because the colonisers divided the continent willy nilly with no regard for tribes
i really have never known atlasb to have great delusions about anything
We do have socialism here, but we're not really a Socialist country anymore.
have any of you made this?: http://www.cookingclassy.com/2015/10/lemon-chicken-and-spinach-orzo-soup/ i'm making it tonight :)
ok
i didnt reallysay anyhting to the contrary
you will se how multiculturalism erodes native suppor for any sort of cradle to grave
or redistribution
fo any stripe
I know that
then what ar eyou arguing with
passerby, Camille posted something along the lines of that but a little more in-depth https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/41088o/a_new_way_of_looking_at_relationship_dynamics/
I know more about MY country than you do
if you get a bf who's allergic to cats, then you get cats, then BF is still allergic to them..........oh god nm
you seem to watch fox news too much :D
why is everyone in that age group so whiny and weird
do you have arguments that arent cliched ad hominems?
happy i cant believe you would say something like that im offended
all youve done is 1. agree with me
how dare you :,(
and 2. argue ad hominem
i have a right to cats and feelings
well, you are really hard to understand to be honest
well youre foreign
my bf doesnt want to be a dad to his room mates = my bf doesnt want kids (WITH ME ME ME)
and dont speak my native language
lol
in a natiuve way
so of course
you don't either as I can see
YOU dotn understand
They all extrapolate strange information from things sometimes.
whateve
yes youre right, no one has less facility with english than US law school grads dencrypt
but how do you not clear those types of things up when vetting someone for a relationship?
Yes! little_red_  I was thinking that it was like an accompaniment to cammiles post
are you done actling like a BP girl?
like i get not saying "I WANT BABIES" on a first date but 8 months in youre just finding this out?
she fucking new he wass laaergic and she got some for HER HOME
I like the focus on what's masculine in this post.
do you have actual arguemtns to make?
http://thoughtcatalog.com/andrew-costa/2014/10/confession-i-actually-dont-like-my-girlfriend-heres-why/
then why are you spelling like a 3 year old?
he didnt even say he didnt want babies
typo spotting
anothe ad hominem
do you  have actual arguemts?
she took something he said about his room mates and made it into "about my future"
to be honest I don't even know what we're fighting about
you make no sense
i made perfect sense
susan understood me
witzie understood me
Hahahahahahahahaha
blowing understood me
I had to share with you
my WTFuckness
AtlasB 
im not surprised though
I like that it states that both make and female need to hold up their end. Otherwise, imbalance occurs
youre confusing your own lack of rightness and facility with english for me not making sense, youre probably another foreign CS major who someone inexplicably blew smoke up the ass of and told you you were superduper SMRT
Male*
brightness*
Nope
sorry
wrong again :)
you want to keep attacking me?
I haven't attacked you
ooh y es you have
in what way?
I told you facts
you want to make an actual arguemnt now
?
you watch too much fox news is a personal attack
you ignored them because of superiority-complex
ad hominem
you mad eno arguemtn but
well she is superior 
duh
It's a great post Passerby6 
". I'm here for advice on how to have this big discussion without making him feel cornered into agreeing with me against his own opinions because he doesn't like conflict. "
"i know MY country"
please, cut and paste one of your arguemnts
right now
without making him feel cornered into agreeing with me
oh another great argumetn wa s"you spell like a 3 year old"
aka "how do i make him agree with me without making him realize im doing it"
12:09 PM <witzie> 12:05 PM <dencrypt> well be ignorant then ;)
Here's a good one
cut and paste and actual arguemnt you made dencrypot
right now
19:04 <@AtlasB> diversity is the enemy of socialism
19:04 <@AtlasB> "assimilation" doesn tmatter
19:04 <@AtlasB> jan janssen doesnt mind helpin gsven svensen and his family
Haha women are amazing
19:05 <@AtlasB> they are probably related
19:05 <@AtlasB> they will not want to give largesse to assimilate dmohahemed ibn abdul
19:05 < dencrypt> that's kinda not true
19:05 <@AtlasB> it is
"it is"
what?
So you live here?
"thats kinda not true" is an arguemnt?
You talk to Swedes all the time? You know our culture? You know any Swedes at all?
im remarkign on HUMAN nature
Where you get your shit from?
"Swedes" is irrelevant
i was away from rpw for awhile but it seems like there is an influx of new posters, and while that is all fine and dandy a large portoin of them do not seem liek rpw but are seeking rpw advice
and i just dont get it
ok then
i could have restated it with any race or ethny
you never said that
like the one girl who was riding the cc asking how she can land a good man at rpw sub
john smith in US
moshe levi in israel
easy
Yeah, it's getting insane.
you get little poison darts
and wait in the dark
flooof!
bagged one
We get a lot of new girls leaving completely non-RPW advice.
so all humans are racists in your opinion?
its like they dont even read sidebar material and try to absorb it and implement it before just flying off at the mouth
Like we're just another standard relationship sub.
ethnocentrists
yes
we don't help people if they have the wrong skin color or name?
its a primary tenet of anthropology
only based on that?
redistribution of wealth isnt "help"
oh god, /r/relationships is such a trainwreck
girl if he doesnt like cats dump his ass!  you dont need that negativity! you do you!
I guess I'm the descenting voice. I think it's good that they come to rpw.
Well, redistribution of "wealth" is a very wrong word
reciprocal altruism is deeply tied to kinship
no it isnt
at all
its what socialist programs are AND
we do have high taxes, yes. But nobody gets wealthy on not working here
when another ethnicity with low capacity to function
1:14 PM <dencrypt> I haven't attacked you
im fine with them coming to rpw, passerby but when you arent leading a rpw lifestyle or dont have a rpw mindset nothing is going to change
in a nation
Bullshit
enters is welfare system
it exclusively takes
very much this https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42m7cf/rpw_is_not_one_simple_trick_to_fix_all/
while the native ethny contributes
Yeah but they have to start somewhere
lolol little_red_
a lot of the newcomers are resistant to the advice they get or are very selective in the advice they respond to/listen to
AtlasB: of course, what's new about that? Why do you think people here are turning to "Sweden Democrats" to solve the problem with immigration?
Well it's everything they've been told not to do. 
women getting free rides from their s/o's parents, trying to force feed their husbands and trying to land a good man and lying abotu sleeping with multiple partners
You either have free healthcare and closed borders or the other way around.
then asking advice from rpw on how to change their men
you can't have both
Well the mods airways give plenty of frank advice :) 
Always*
yup, i agree
Women too focused on making a good husband they forget to make good wives.
dencrypt: where did you say you're from? I don't feel like scrolling
only so much services they can provide to so many people
Sweden
Yeah I agree with that
Women are very masculine. They don't know any other way
And many REFUSE to actually learn any other way.
It's almost like some post here just to get advice that riles them up.
lol zomb
Haha
i do think a select few take the advice to heart but ive seen a lot of posters become argumentative over the comments they get about their posts
thinking this is /r/relationships
They like to look for conflict, I think.
i wouldnt let anyone into my country
So they can sit there and go "Well, I definitely don't have to listen to THEM."
Would you let me?
i do think some of them have good intentions but a lot of people take criticism very poorly 
They probably never got honest criticism
and when its found out they are the fault of the problem they shrink back or revolt
Ooh that's for sure
Or say you're backwards
AtlasB
For implying such
mhm
are you here?
witzie: you can come live in Blowlandia
I told a woman at work to not throw away a relationship over him saying the word irrelevant
And she wasn't having it
idk witzie, if i let you in then i'd have to let in all you trashy yanks
Some people don't really want help
Just validation and hope
I go where witzie goes
Some also think they're going to get a perfect man who's masculine and awesome but never disagrees with them and is always on the same page 10000% of the time.
And witzie goes where AtlasB goes
And AtlasB goes where susandeath goes
um
blowing
No wait
I go where susandeath goes
Lol
i think you mixed up the order of the last sentence
susandeath goes where AtlasB
yes thats right
It's a pipe dream
AtlasB: goes where witzie goes
witzie: goes where Sunhappy goes
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42lylw/being_his_mom_vs_being_his_girlfriend/czbhb5l?context=3
I've seen every bad relationship example I feel like
and you all go where i am
And DG69 lives in my pocket
my head just exploded
The moms dating their sons
i may homicide small bunnies
The alpha widows
The "I don't need a man"
hahah thread removed
LOLWAT
sun
"go fuck yourself"
:)
The "I'm too young to get married" pushing 30 ladies with 6 year relationships
And even in Jack4ss 's country, drok will find a way to ops there.
The "I don't have time to have sex with my husband" workaholic women
i love how multiple ppl are calling her out for that comment but no were all wrong
shes with him bc she loves him
ok
I didn't read the thread :(
typical drok
What
it was trash
>It would also be inconsiderate to his parents.
idk sunhappy
usrs
Sunhappy: goes where R goes
I've felt bad for hurting an ex's parents before, but damn, USING the parents is just wrong.
like i said ive had a red flag on her since her post about nagging boyfriend and some other comments shes made that i cant recall without looking back at her post history
i outta slap her tits
Lol yes. There we go
anyways, i better go do chores
later all
Blowing++
Sexy man shoveling snow like a boss
So sexy
Mmmmm
Was the thread removed by mods?
Lol! I saw DC on the news this morning
Probably
Dayum
12:30 PM <blowing> And even in Jack4ss 's country, drok will find a way to ops there.
So tre
True
Her Payton
Hey
Hi Sunhappy!
He's not in a single channel he's not ops in
i will make up a position for him, where he has no power but it looks like he does
How's everyone been? I haven't been around here in a while.
Phantom said she removed it on the thread.
I've been well. Going on four months :3
Time flies
The Queen?
We've been getting lots of weird posts
They feel like plants to me
Yuck :(
If you feel like a mom to your SO, you should just immediately next.
Yeah, I removed it. All the users gave her the only answer, and I'm suspicious of that user for a few reasons
Yeah i agree. That's why I thought it was good 
I don't understand the "teach me how to stay with a guy I don't respect and feel no attraction for"
type threads
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/40s36w/how_many_is_too_many/?ref=search_posts
wrong link
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42jy2p/rp_can_a_change_in_womens_attitude_change_an/
That thread
So weird. 
buartha's the queen
right I am gonna go sleep for 10 hours
I think it can for a bit
have a good one y'all
Is coffeedynamics relatively new to RPW? I recognize that user name as someone I've seen a lot lately but I'm not sure if it's just because I'm more familiar now with regular posters than I was before.
Night susandeath
She's talking about manipulation and self-deception
R was pretty alpha i think before dating his ex but his wanting to raise her kids softened him quite a bit. 
Night!!
I banned her for refusing to listen to the answers I gave her (you can't change a man, or control what he does - you can only change yourself) - that was the first iteration of her question
Blowing it's terrible
She's since expanded it
Hey griddy
hey hey Sunhappy 
How's the snow over there?
We don't tell women to stick with men that repulse them and that they are incapable of trusting/respecting
I'm going nuts in this house
Lol
It's been cartoons and guy movies for three solid days
It goes to what WingN was saying earlier
RPW can fix and help things within reason
It's just been weird lately
But it's not going to erase fundamental issues like mental illness, gambling, or alcoholism
There are some strong negative words in that post. 
It's either a bunch of shrews or women in dead beat relationships trying to "be the strong one" Idk
Both have bad ideas of rpw and its been so much lately I feel like it has to be coming from somewhere specific
lol phantom and the ppd post
thats why i cant go there
makesmy skin crawl
it was bad
especially the tiny philly streets
but im at work now
FAIL
Girl bye
Why?
My boss is black so I knew there was like a 90% chance she was gonna close shop
hahahaha
What susan
yeah my roommate just lauged at me as i headed off
I was
she's working from home
and of coruse when i get here
In the shower
ALL OF MANAGEMENT ISNT HERE
they're so fucking rude
i hate this place
leaving soon
I just need a CVS
And some Mac and cheese
R is such a Yankee lol.
Suggesting Kraft boxes. Bless his heart
Griddy how did you get to work? Transit here is kind of shut down
It's not as bad here.
Just the unpaven streets
DC is terrible
which is my street
R has a truck so we may venture out when he's done with clearing the driveway
He's so manly!!! :3
but i essentially paid the neighborhood kids to push me the main road
and i shoveled out
and luckily on my actual block i have a lot
How much did you pay?
my roommate's car is entombed however
she has street parking and our block wasn't plowwed
the main roads and highways are fine
$10
they're kids
lol
Girl first blizzard I experienced in DC, I didn't clear my car
That shit sat there untouched until may
yeah you have to clear your car immediately
or else it hardens
I tried to burn the snow off
easier to clear when it's fresh and powdery
Got laughed at
So that was that
you're fucked if you wait a few days
Nah I waited like 4-5 months
For the snow to melt
i NEED my car
lol could never wait that long
Ooh.
but my friend lives in Harlem
she doesnt use her car that much either
I didn't move until may... So I didn't need it :O
so she said she'll just wait until it melts
Griddy friend++
philly isnt as metro friendly 
as NYC
or DC
Isn't your metro hood?
I heard folks get killed in there
lol no really
Like near temple
they catch it all the time
Child I got lost around there once. At noon. Even the church folk were mean mugging me
but yeah it's not as urbane as DC
NYC's is hood
You think?
I just thought it was cold
And dirty
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42m7cf/rpw_is_not_one_simple_trick_to_fix_all/czbio4t?context=3
But it always showed up!
i locked amn out who i had rings and a license with
after EIGHT years
because the fundamental incompatibility was too great
and it was shot or get of fthe pot time
Typos lol. Repeat the last sentence. I don't understand
That poster is interesting. Why announce you won't post about your SO?
That comment seemed like a really sideways compliment. Very "oh bless your soul!" to say 'thanks for the times you've been helpful'. A bit offputting.
sunhappy
thats not part of the "metro" area
ppl go to
It looks like a hairflip to me
"center city"
is a small area
temple is in north philly
https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/comments/42jdx0/my_f33_husband_m35_admitted_that_he_finds_the/
noone woul dconsider that the city like "hey lets go to center city to see a band and go to a restaurant" city
In some Facebook groups they call it "flouncing". Announcing you're displeased with the members of the group you're not obligated to participate with, and that you'll be leaving.
the ghetto goesin rings around center city
yes
thats flouncing
lol
I haven't heard of that term - I like it!
omg
men need to stfu
why are men being so honest
STAHP
spergs
strop it
yes wing sunk cost fallacy 100%
jsut read your comment
men need to stop being so honest immediately
And what is she expecting to hear from /sex?  Everyone's going to be OMG PEDO
https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/comments/42jdx0/my_f33_husband_m35_admitted_that_he_finds_the/
"I am so embarassed that this is how it looks to people: that I'm an idiot/taking advantage of his parents and that he's a loser"
how is it that everyone randomly interpreted this if you didnt say it in some sort of way
multiple users
hahahaha
what a goon
right
Awwww yeah
the woman has taken an emotional stance
probably blown it out of proportion
It's meh to me
oh wait
i just read it
thats such an annoying fetish to have
Low on the kink factor tho
It would only annoy me bc I'd have to deal with an awake toddler
you think thats low on the kink factor?
that's creepy
he might go pedo
men need to stfu
all of this honesty is horrifying
pls stop
men and women will become permanently and irreaparably alienated from each other
if all this honesty doesnt stop
What?
That guy is just a pervert
Other men that are honest won't leat to more alienating
It's the excitement of getting caught
Exhibitionism
AtlasB: !!!
I agree.
I don't even think that there is an exclusive alienation between the sexes, I think we have an increasing rate of social isolation and having same sex friends is easier.
He's not saying I want the kid to join in
This guys was too honest... she left him: https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42hrlt/i_left_my_fiance_because_i_no_longer_wish_to_be/
It's not ideal but it's not sexually directed at her
no blowing he doesn't seem to have that excitement with other people
looking
"And I can't trust him around a child of our own. He constantly talks about children (mainly young teens) being sexy, and while I am pretty sure he'd never do it, I can't risk it."
Other people don't live with him
>But I can't wait to meet the person who will not only be a wonderful man, but a wonderful father.
Good luck
honestly
These idiots
do women noot know men never had to live with teen daughters in bikinis before?
dotn you think theres a reason daughters dressed modestlya
and were married off?
why good luck DavidHasselhof 
most women can find men who want kids
i dont think any men can be "wonderful" father sno
wsure
Yeah because every person with common sense know that a man is getting a boner
they want kids
move to good ol esti, fuck 16 year olds and bro fist their father, why would they talk about their perverted notions in public.
if his daughter is hot
and have 1000s of weir dporn fetishes
do women think mens boners care its his daughter?
thats why when men control the family daughters dont dress like sluts
yes
I love the questions RPW has a poster answer before asking advice. I think it's such a great way to get someone to stop and analyze their situation fully before preparing themselves for the advice they're seeking. A lot of advice subs would be better served using that method.
id LOVE to hear the secret confessions
of fathers and brothers
you can just go to incest
I am a brother
4 sister
since daughters and sisters started walkign around the house dresse dlike strippers
it's all about bros and dads secretly crushing on their kids/sisters
apparently they are hot, pretty much everyone has a crush on them
after puberty theyre just women
women on the planet
men married them off and got them out of there
No, it's somethign completely different when you grow up with them
most of th etime sure
but how many times not
that's all well and good
and no
but i think it would behoove men to keep it to themselves
regardless
add the wrinkle of step families
yes
If a man has a daughter and sees her the first time when she is 20 he will think she is hot. If he saw her growing up he probably won't
just so the mother isn't stressed out 24/7
genetic attraction is strong, but doesn't work if you grow up with them
you really believe jenna jamesons dad
who wa sinvolve din her career
didnt watch his daughters porn?
i think that effect is overstated
i forget what its called
genetic attraction or that growing up reduces attraction?
i think it generally works
Something effect
bu ti dont believe a man looking out at the pool
and seeing a super hot daughter
in a bikini
16-18
Westermarck
can someone look for a post on reddit of this scenario happening and an AMA
yeh thats it
pls and ty
i was going to say wonderlic
If Oedipus can do it...
oedipus is opposite 
he didnt grow up with his mother
so the genetic affinity isnt suppressed
witzie: yeah i guess that is true
Glad you like it Payton - we're actually going to simplify that part a bit
So it's easier for users to answer 
so you're suggesting even growing up with a daughter, for most people, this is more likely to occur than people think?
AtlasB even my little sisters friends aren't hot, despite being 17
I saw them from 13 onwards
yet some of her new friends...
yeah DavidHasselhof  
I think a lot of people who speculate on this are single kids
fucking singletons again
they ruin everything
your siblings are a diff category
I don't think it's a negligible egfect
my bro is my bro
I think it works most of the time 
AtlasB:  do you have a brother?
I really enjoy when the advice  is that the guy is a loser and to let it go
yeah its great having a post prompting users to do it but its even better when they actually heed the post lol
Nope
So you are not hamstering your attraction to him...
There's never been potned up men
Porned
Watching invest porn
Passerby6 that's not the first assumption, if women can change and make it work - that's the preference
Incest
Call it wincest
Anyways porn is something different
but in cases where the guy has different priorities, or isn't interested in the same things as the woman (or if he isn't capable of pursuing those things) 
I would never fuck a milf but I would watch milf porn
How many men
Stumble on their sosters
then it's better for women that are in the dating stage to cut their losses
And daughters
On xhamster
You think they shut it off?
Maybe some
Yes
Yes I do
Yeah I get that. But remember I first started reading rpw , I didn't see any threads that said it was doomed. My thinking was that every relationship should try to be saved on rpw
especially when the woman wants a family and the guy thinks marriage might be an option in 8+ years, by which time the woman is mid 30's
My oldest sister had her phone broken and charged it for several days because she feared turning it off would nuke her photos
i understand people change as time goes on but im still left wondering if some women arent vetting their men before committing to a relationship. when you start realizing vast differences between the two of you just months in to the relationship, how did those things go unnoticed or unaddressed
and she stores them on the family computer, we all know that there are some nudes on it, I still haven't looked
I'm not familiar with your personal story Passerby6
So it's just a good change
Thats not the scenario I laid out
little_red_: women DON'T vet 
thoroughly enough
that's very similar
there are nudes, available, i am not interested
I think a lot of it has to do with the lack of dating culture
They're so happy just to GET a relationship
I'm trying to think if I could find my dad attractive.
11:34:49 <DavidHasselhof> and she stores them on the family computer, we all know that there are some nudes on it, I still haven't looked
they think it'll all work out
Like if Lenny Kravitz were my dad
and I was Zoe kravitz
smells of desperation 
so many women are uncomfortable being al one
Storing nudes on the family computer seems like bad form
How else do you get marriages with people that are SHOCKED to find out their spouse doesn't know how to balance a checkbook?
GF or daughter? http://img2.timeinc.net/people/i/2013/sandbox/lenny-kravitz/lenny-kravitz-3-600x450.jpg
What is this conversation lol
but i just dont find my dad attractive
so thank god
ive neber had to worry 
lol
It's not really the family computer, we have two. This is the one I actually use exclusively, once me and my bros used it but they moved away.
they never took the time to evaluate those qualities prior to saying "I do"
It's interesting-- I think this is one of the things that feminism sought to change... and it's been totally ineffective.
I agree with that little_red_ 
I, like many women,  didn't vet properly. I stayed in a relationship for years and wasted my time. 
I just got pinged about Philly
griddy just imagine david hasselhoff was your father
Same, Passerby6.
And come back to incest talk???
-_-
david hasselhof is ugly
I was with a man for 5 of my young, cute years. He was awful.
yeah sure
your mother is ugly
Lol
Id love to see more threads about how to vet, and finding the right captain
boooo
ima kick u
The D is not ugly
take it back!
I'm grateful I dont have parents I would think of as "sexy"
no
u
ewww
You know what's awful, is that I think fucking it up once was the way to go for me.
Passerby6 more of that will be covered by Camille as she writes her series
After you have that bad relationship, spend 6 months to a year figuring out why it sucked
I specifically don't like beards because it looks like my dad
And then avoid that shit like the plague in future.
I think the natural tendency to not be attracted to your kids only works if you raised them
It depends on the woman and what her goals are, as well as what she's bringing to the table
I stayed with a guy who eat just better off being friends with.  I didn't even feel a spark when we kissed. But I stayed soooo long
No, you just have to see them grow up
Everyone has that "creepy" uncle that would fuck you
They don't even have to be your kids
lifterofthings: I agree - women jump back into the game way too fast
Was* typos
The same goes for childhood friends
My best friend as a kid
without ever knowing what went wrong - it's always just "the guy was bad"
They smell unsexy
racism is male?
Was an extremely good looking boy
He's not even a bad guy
He was just the wrong guy for me
i think just doing something about racism is male
And we grew up from birth tohether
omg  to atlas' point
its the doing thats really the key there
Took baths together
look at Jamie Foxx's daughter here: http://wpmedia.o.canada.com/2013/04/2013_mtv_movie_awards_-_red_carpet_26571185.jpg
her outfit
women are just passively racist
like how could he not think "okay that's sexy?"
Yeah, I think there are VERY few humans that are actually "bad"
Best friends every day 
but you can put personalities together that bring out the worst of both
For 11 yrs
From birth
My guy was good otherwise, although he refused to ever  cuddle :(
then he wanted to bang you?
Then he moved to israel
And I visited
At 14
My ex held a job for maybe a cumulative 2/5 years we were together
And we banged immediately
Y'all ducked
the suspense is killing me
Lol
He was a fucking basket case with depression and anxiety
Ducked I mean
you know where this story was headed
lol
He'd have hissy fits and break shit
Dammit
knew*
yeah Passerby6 friendship taking precedence over the attraction/romantic connection happens a lot too
He didn't want sex unless I indulged his BDSM impulses.
Ugh.
That's tough lifterofthings 
I was so retarded.
you were on the pill?
A lot of people think they can 'fix' another person's depressiong
That was it.
I didn't want to give up on him. I felt it was cruel.
Not yet but I did go in it at 14
I understand
I was the same way
When I came back from my sex adventure in Israel lol
sexcapades
"vacation whore!"
I still feel guilty sometimes when I read those threads on TRP
It's like, I know that rpw is the anti femininist  counterweight... And when you think of feminism you think "entitled" but that's not every problem. I *wish* I had a bit of entitlement
I just saw that quote in the Confessions sub
about how she doesn't really love you. If you have some bad times she'll hate you and leave you
I feel like it's not fair for them to blame women for not being attracted to blubbering useless messes
idk
Alot of women stay bc they feel they aren't entitled to a better fit
At the end of the relationship, Passerby, I was -certain- that no man would ever want me.
But dying alone was preferable to dealing with the ex.
Fortunately I was wrong about the first part :p But I didn't know that at the time
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/4230v6/i_cheated_on_my_husband_while_on_vacation/
This chick is textbook
 We have  commonalities :)
she married her male best friend
was never attracted to him
feels not lust for him
I'm still looking for my guy though
omg why do chicks insist on saying "oh okay I guess" everytime someone proposes to them
it leads to this shit
feels no*
It's tough. What helped me the most was to pretend that I wasn't totally neurotic :p Men ran from that.
So I learned to hide it. It's not gone yet, but it's better.
I get it though. Her parents were prob like "he's such a good guy!"
ugh TRP needs to hurry up and turn all the betas into alphas
Because people tell women to be marry their best friend
lol yeah
I see two things usually. Either they use the guy for support but wouldn't ever fuck him
Guilt is my kryptonite.  People can get me to do alot of things. 
I'm too much of a pleaser
griddy confirming TrP again because she is RP?
ikr
Or the guy would never fuck her and she things their best friends but they aren't
11:44:41 <+griddy> omg why do chicks insist on saying "oh okay I guess" everytime someone proposes to them
My colleague is "friends" with a guy who wanted her but she rejected him
Drok I'm just trying to teach girls lessons
Women don't have agency
If you don't want to fuck your best friend... dont marry your best friend!
Now he's dating and she's annoyed his gf wants to tag along during their lunches
Cuz she was there before gf
Blargh
lol Sunhappy wut
Such a mess
Yassss
Girl
This guy broke her get last relationship
SerNemesis: perhaps
Then said he wanted her
i also think girls are indoctrinated from birth
"dont be shallow"
Ava she TURNED HIM DOWN
"marry the good guy"
ugh females
"you'll learn to love him"
so he moved on
"You'll learn to love him" is actually classic advice
that sucks
you'll learn to "care for him"
griddy++
you won't learn to "want to fuck him
And she got alpha widowed by her friend who she never fucked
such RP truths
Sounds like we have a lot in common, haha.
And plus SerNemesis women can go into a marriage sort of tricking themselves that sex doesnt matter
and it doesnt matter that much
until one day she sees a guy who turns her on
and she's like "holy fuck"
Lol trp sure brigaded that thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/4230v6/i_cheated_on_my_husband_while_on_vacation/cz7m8li
C'est la vie!
Right griddy
Was your mother a guilterer?
right SerNemesis sex never matters unless you're horny
My mom is the worst lol
facts
She's a passive-aggressor.
Sunhappy: her ego is hurt
she dont want that amn
she's just salty he doesnt want her anymore
man*
because if she had him again she'd be annoyed
humans are petty
 oh yes, they work in harmony!
this was like on GIRLS
iknow we all hate that show
John and Paul
but sometimes Lena does write some gems
I love my mom-- I know she means well, but holy fuck.
Hot girl has sweet/cute BF
is annoyed by him
Like, my bf can't do a load of laundry without my feeling that he's mad at me and secretly thinks I'm a disgusting slob.
breaks up with him
he moves on
he life crumbles
she begs for him back
she's still annoyed by him
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42m7uk/is_racism_a_neuromasculine_trait/czbd4cg
Wow, that guy's debating skillz
her life crumbles*
incredible
Totally proved that the racist women I know are not racist.
DavidHasselhof: you're ARS?
I get you. When I hear about how women are treated like princesses, I'm always like " how do you feel OK with that? " it's so foreign to me lol
Yep.
I can't even plan a birthday for myself
Last time I checked, yes
But griddy she says she wants to g find like get friend
A man that just *gets* her
She was seeing a guy last week for two months. Ended it Cuz he was late in traffic during DC rush hour to her friends party
yeah that's just weird
lol. It's like listening to me talk! Haha. I'm sorry we're such headcases <3
I know I definitely need to work on the submissive vs doormat 
she just dates to dates
Ava then as he explained he said something she said was irrelevant
she's not dating men she's actually attracted to
because who breaks up over that'
I
Yeah... He he sorry guys
An independent queen
Who knows her greatness
Her words
she actually sounds like one of my friends
we all think she's crazy
We are aware! We'll stop! 
;)
and just stare at her when she talks
"If he's not ready to handle my greatness, then I don't have time for that!!"
she always calls herself a queen
Lol
and that no man is worthy
Griddy yes
we're like GIRL
It's weird. I've kinda swung the other way with the genpop.
WUT
lol
Like, I'll be dominant and leaderly and cold with anyone who isn't "mine"
One of my friends now calls herself queen
But it's those close relationships that are tough for me.
Her friends her tribe
but the thing is she's one of those fashion chicks
Oh my god what a gem of a thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42752y/my_21_f_boyfriend_doesnt_want_me_to_go_on_spring/
who's high maitenance
and men ACTUALLY CATER TO IT
so i dont blame her
God is her goddess "she's still Baptist though"
if dudes are foolish to cater to your BS
they deserve you
And she claims to has orgasmed via sunlight
Cuz she's one with the spirits now
i love how in absence of witzie 
we have all taken over her role
He should dump the whore
Omg me too!
of finding randing reddit gems
Yeah lol
" I also completely forgot to mention that my boyfriend went on spring break his senior year to Panama City! With girls and they were drinking and smoking and whatnot."
he cheated on her
random*
SerNemesis: 
I guarantee it
Yup witzie
Everyone is single on spring break
so who's the whore here
not her
well, her too
lol
mostly him tho
They both are
Sunhappy: Everyone is single on spring break <- cancun CC?
She doesn't care that he is
As I said, guilt is my kryptonite. Once I get to know someone well, I feel guilty if I ask anything of them. I become very subservient
hey guys
i should put some pro-trump post on my facebook to troll my friends
SerNemesis: why is she a whore already?
filo wants back in
should I unban?
such bitter
AtlasB 
i say she should go
that bitch got invited to the cool kids party
AtlasB said she would go with whatever the other mods wanted to do
is only 20
She is a whore for thinking he is wrong to mateguard
should have fun
But at work, completely different.
whatever everyone else wants
regarded filo
i wont oppose it
https://www.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/42kvy3/i_had_anal_with_my_bf_and_it_didnt_end_well/
drok AtlasB fiat griddy SerNemesis susandeath 
Yep.
POOP FAIL ANAL!
Yeah bring back filozof
hahahahah
Fortunately I've basically won the man jackpot.
Lol did she shit on her bf?
wait witzie why was he banned?
i miossed the drama
yeah I don't get why girls put up with anal 
He really does look out for my best interests and has too much integrity to "use" me unfairly
Sunhappy: of course she did
they have the power to poop on dat dick
It's pretty awesome
also vomitted
weild that power wisely
also poop on his finger
it was just a poopy sexual experience
gross
From what my gays tell me
 Wow that is wonderful
You can't evade the poop issue
Sunhappy: for the most part you cant
I know a guy who rimmed his bf
12:00:37 <@witzie> yeah I don't get why girls put up with anal 
you just have to accept that the experience will be smelly and "raw":
if that's your kink
Didn't clean up
I don't get why guys want anal
Didn't care
how long would it take
of pooping on him every time
before he leaves you alone?
lmaoo
omg
i should just poop on him
He's way too attractive for me, too. lol. It's bizarre. I could so easily let neurosis run loose and sabotage this relationship.
Im srs
if a guy ever asks me
this method is pretty much iron clad
just actively try to shit
The only reason I'd demand anal is to confirm that she is willing to do it for me
hahahaha
Oh keep on lid on that!
how many times could he possibly go for it
3? 5? 
you'd think he'd get tired of getting pooped on
Most people don't do enemas
SerNemesis: and i hope she actively tries to shit in your uretha
so the thing with anal is THE PART YOU USE DOESNT HAVE POOP MOST OF THE TIME
just to know she can
fair is fair
Some guys have fetishes witzie
it only has poop when you feel like you need to poop because thats what causes the sensation. otherwise mostly clean
12:02:31 <+griddy> SerNemesis: and i hope she actively tries to shit in your uretha
I wouldn't actually go through with it
Rpw sounds like it will help you tons, then
Yuppp. It's been 3 years now. So I think we're mostly out of the woods. Expecting our first baby in July :D
"mostly"
but you should always take a dump before anal
isn't clean enough!
Awww 
It does. I tend to shut down and be guarded when I feel attacked. It's helped me be mindful.
hey my stick hasn't come out browner yet
Just be like "gimme anal" "okay" "nvm I just wanted to see whether you would give me anal"
 That's great. So so so great
and omg being a gay man sounds exhausting
so like no random sex?
you have to prep for sex all the time?
no thanks
nah you just take a dump before you're going out
i think my h kinda did that
sms that';s prepping
i mean if you have to shit
take a shit
thats it
the other prep is lube
SMS nah
if i were to do anal
Fortunately strong wimmins got to him first and set the bar really low :p
i would have to have a full enema
lol
and then douche my asshole w
3 yrs!
ith blasts and blasts of jet streamed water
Or use a soldier
And what's the age difference between you two?
All I have to do is actually give a shit about his happiness above my own, and that pleases him. lol
not needed except for your feels
wow
like i dont want to smell shit at all
Dildo I mean
while having sex
im sensitive
i guess it had been like 1 when we all started
to gross things
so am i
He's 5.5 years younger.
i am very anti-poop
ass to mouth would be risky without much preparation
but i've seen it only once, a tiny bit
And yeah! It had! But I've been regaling you all with my disgusting sense of humor for 2 years now ;)
i wonder how much effort to pornstars make
Yes! The best thing about the entitled feminazis if that it makes nice girls stand out
Gays do it all the time
ok
ok
ok
.
.
.
.
before those scenes
Sunhappy: they do
.
.
..
.
..
.
AtlasB is having her period
I don't even think of myself as a nice girl.
wth woman
sms++
SMS do you HAVE TO GET personally graphic in every sex convo
i assume this is not the right chat
jesus fuckign christ
how many times do we have to fucking talk abotu it
But it seems that if you're willing to not be mad at him over trivial shit all the time, that sets you ahead.
AtlasB: because its relevant
no it isnt
people are all "eww poop"
Yep
not the way you discuss it
thats not graphic already?
well to be fair
i dont think sms was the one who got most graphic here
in my opinion
i was the one who brought up needed to be cleaned fully
oh jesus fuckin chrsit
right away
but i havent seen everything
hey SerNemesis 
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42n4ju/fuck_being_half_asian_why_couldnt_i_have_just/
your future children if you get a white woman
Well I gotta pop out
Bye Passerby6!
See ya
lmaoo witzie 
"God damn it why the hell did my mom have to get with my asian dad? My mom could have gotten with a white guy. My mom is Italian, Irish, and German. Holy fuck I could have looked like Leonardo Dicaprio if I wasn't cursed "
Take care!
witzie: i heard if the dad is asian it comes out ok for hapas but if the dad is white they're fucked
this guy has an asian dad
Lol
Lol
doesn't seem to be helping him any
ruh roh
Yeah generally it does SMS that is the consensus at hapa
But in this case it seems to have failed
Black folk don't have this level of neurosis
My mom is very anxious, I'm hoping to avoid being like her.  She was the type of mom to freak out over the smallest things, and to start hollering if you swing too high and might fall
"I have 2 attractive traits: I'm tall and I have nice skin. Guess what... I got that from my white side. "
lol 
i hate those whiny bastards
Black dad. White dad. If one of your parents are black, you're gonna be black
Eeh, yeah, definitely met some folks like that.
i know several half asian / white men
" I have 2 attractive traits: I'm tall and I have nice skin. Guess what... I got that from my white side. Being tall literally means shit if you're stocky and asian. It's like having a good body but a disfigured face."
1 drop rule
Wtf
half asian/ black men
am i black?
they do well as fuck with women
An Asian complaining about being stocky rather than skinny?
no
Oooo
losers going to bitch regardless
whoisblack?
of race
Blasians
if your heart is black
id never think you were black
blasians are the most hated
Like Tyson Beckford
whoisntblack?
if i saw you on the street
lolol
Sunhappy: GORGEOUS
well he's getting old now
Who Atlas?
but still
drok
Once when she visited me as an adult, she starts freaking out because I'm on a ladder with a staple gun (was hanging decorations for a party).  OMG, she kept going on so long that I lost my cool and yelled SHUT UP!
Ooh
yeah people don't generally think i am black,
woah is keanu reeves hapa
I thought he was Arab
drok looks turkish to me
drok is mediterranean
italian
they do think i am some kind of non-white though
yeh thats what id think
mediterranean
or eastern european hubrid man
Like a Turk maybe
whoisntblack?
I made her cry.  :/  Poor mum.
Witzie
AMYBE n. african or northern middle eastern
he doesn't look "aryan" 
.tell witzie whoisblack
And AtlasB is Jewish
let drok have his blackness!
drok you look exotic lmaoooo
oh SerNemesis AtlasB I figured out that post
turkish
"I'm changing my last name to my moms, and when someone asks my ethnicity, vietnamese is not going to be listed."
is that what you want to here?
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42n4ju/fuck_being_half_asian_why_couldnt_i_have_just/czbltx9
hear?
*
his mom married an alpha little vietnamese
not indian or east asian
yeh
and guess what
he's still fucked up
south asians ar emacho little things
lol
roflol
i mean i have medittarean version of sickle cell carrier gene
little bantam cocks
but i don't have much meditarrean according to 23andme
ive seen some tough little 5 foot cambodians
I think Pacific islander men are hot
I told my mom to fuck off once
Samoans
the rock?
She sulked for 4 days and made the whole family uncomfortable, until I apologized
Even though she wholly deserved to be told to fuck off
Black and Samoan
But even 100% Samoan men are hot
Roman reigns
Samoans are more alpha than the blackest blacks
Samoans are like human silverback gorillas
omg our old HR person
we had a few join our highschool
Filipino 
They make yanomamo look like loser wimps
INSANE
always drinking Jack Daniels
used to box
money + samoans = texas state hs football champions all time err'time
he was macho as fuck
maoris are tough as nails too
and he wasnt that big
in fact his son is built like a line backer
and 6'2
and his son was scared of the dad like legit
Yeah AtlasB 
https://www.google.com/search?q=maori+men&rlz=1C1VFKB_enUS605US644&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjj9eqH48XKAhXKuIMKHd6jDTQQ_AUIBygB&biw=911&bih=572#tbm=isch&q=traditional+maori+men
Aww
12:12:32 <@AtlasB> maoris are tough as nails too
also the son was hot... the HR guy married a puerto rican woman
goregous kids
Yeah
12:11 PM <SerNemesis> Samoans are more alpha than the blackest blacks <--- even Essex. The dude is a whining incel, but he whines about it in a stangely alpha way, imo
The Maoris went and wiped out their pacifist cousin tribe
Yeah fiat
I'm usually calm and collected, it really takes a lot to make me blow my lid.  Various family members seem able to make that happen so easily!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moriori_people
"Samoans are more alpha than the blackest blacks"
Yeh.
fiat: alpha incel?
They know you so well, they know exactly what buttons to press.
he's not even an incel
is an alpha incel someone who made it to third base?
im starting to think ppl with tribal roots are more alpha
he jokes about it or is just an extreme sperg
the maori do that Haka dance
For my mom, she'll say rude cunty shit in a "nice" way.
dude says he had 40 women or something
and are rhytmic
Until I snap
tribes aren't feminized to my knowledge
and hot
but he's incel because he can't get as much as he wants
And then she acts like I'm just being irrationally angry and she was only trying to help
lol if guys got as much as they want we wouldn't be getting much done
sans the high betas
you really have to be deliberatley blind not to see polynesian intrusion in S. american natives
he claims he isn't able to bang good looking women only ones from 5-7
so he's incel
how do ppl blind themselves
LOL
he's the incel type all the bloopers talk about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xI6TRTBZUMM
like these men
they are MOURNING their fallen comrade
and yet
all of that raw mascluine energy
makes me want to bang them
so go them
Would you do a gang bang with alpha Samoans griddy?
i love how uncanny the humans look when they do their native things
12:14:30 <+griddy> im starting to think ppl with tribal roots are more alpha
Civilization is beta
I used to do stuff like that in retail.  Get a real assholey customer, say something that's neither polite nor rude, but could go either way
Atlasb I recall reading a paper on sex dimorphism in birds
Monogamous birds had very low dimorphism
http://imgur.com/a/35GMV#e9CBSTp
of course she's BP
While polygamous birds had high dimorphism
But that wasn't all
The nature of that dimorphism depended on how mate choice worked
ugh sorry i just watched that video
so powerful
instead of crying they haka
ugh see stuff like that makes me love men
Species with some sexual coercion had larger males
not you beta chumps!
PhantomDream, did you know she's gay?
wart
wat* lool
Whereas species with no sexual coercion had colorful males with bright plumage crests etc
She says so in her OP
Sunhappy: lol nah
where is that from? certainly not rpw?
I think you can see the same thing with humans e.g. the !kung males decorate themselves
Makeupaddiction
that makes so much sense
12:20:41 <+griddy> ugh see stuff like that makes me love men
oi
she posted the pic and I have her tagged as BP
You want us all to go to grass huts don't you?
makes sense
that's the only reason I know
lol
the ones that peacock would be more peaceful
ya i usually skip over those looks
SerNemesis: lol no not at all
lookhow uncanny thes ebalinese dancers are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEsfevRfjCI
Who's that??
for example
BP user
my male friends who are in black frats
watched that and immediately connected it
and that's also why humans bounce back and forth between peacocking betas and macho alphas
Black frat
it's why black frats and sororities incorprate a lot of stepping and rhytmic chants to their process
Ewww
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/3mn4ld/support_only_as_a_half_asian_guy_asian_dad_x/
because we have longer periods of peace/stability and war
helps them bond
etc...
another one SerNemesis 
eagerly waiting for my UD Naked Skin to come in the mail q_q
ewww to you Sunhappy 
asian dad white mom
Right fiat
Lol
im just explaining the lofic
still got hella issues
logic*
I know
makes sense to me
I agree with you
But I am reminded of the damn barking across campus
Lol lol lol
it's why rugby players
and ALL atheletes
chant
and have random rhytmic shit
By qdogs
ppl bond over that shit
! usps says its in my mailbox. huzzah!
Yeah they do
Does anyone else want to rip out nose rings when they see them?
http://i.imgur.com/Co2JAY7.jpg
or is that just me?
that's exciting little_red_ 
i noticed thats a big trend lately
Witzie he doesn't have issues
He is just complaining about race traitoring
No different from full Asian guys
He doesn't gave the issues that tend to be specific to wmaf hapas
The other one did though. That was unusual.
does anyone find them authentically attractive? OR is it just a "look at how different I am" kind of thing?
haha yeah the barking
I was making fun of the fact that she says it in the title, has rainbow makeup, then says she's gay again at the bottom. 
thaty's just the Q's
griddy> it's why black frats and sororities incorprate a lot of stepping and rhytmic chants to their process
what's so funny is look at the Q founders
not quite the same
I know but it was obnoxious
step shows ar epure african survivals
oops i was scrolled up
how anyoen can look at a step show
Lol
and not see it is beyond me
what year was that 1911? http://www.omega4thdistrict.org/images/Founders%20Gold%20Backround.jpg
i think its a "im so edgy" type of thing right now
such nerds
Okay, I missed that it was a joke initially
My bad
because its really becoming sweepingly popular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyyiFiCJ1AY
but the weird thing Sunhappy is every Que dude i know
switches gears at 30
They're whores
hence the whole "Que Dog/ Omega Man" thing they'er so proud of
I think it's handy that libs make themselves so easy to identify
they embrace their base isnticts
When they had their 100th anniversary in DC a few years ago
but then many of them have high aspirations
We're talking men in their 70s
Barking
"you can't judge a book by its cover" is hogwash
i appreciate the dichotomy
Ava going to parties at Howard
You can absolutely get a very accurate snapshot 
yeah but  my friends dad is a disrtreict judge
PhantomDream: I had one until about a year ago. I always liked how they looked and had it for nearly ten years. Ultimately I looked in the mirror one day and thought "This isn't pretty. This is trying to make a statement that I don't align with anymore, now that I'm not an angsty teen." I took it out and never regretted it. Now they make me cringe a bit.
I'm sure their successful
yes with his frat he does the barking shit
lol phantom
and the ones that prove to be exceptions are in the minority
lol but not in law school
or on the bench
They're
I guess
i dont mind ppl having their fun and "let free " moments
I'm just not a fan
lol i get it
i'm just curious. are there any animals that have long, long periods of peace/stability followed by periods of war/strife like humans
And can I just say
I hate the akas
and evolved to adapt to that
Racist bitches
AtlasB: or course step shows are remnants of african dance
i think most understand that
besides humans.
i dotn think so
Only having light skinned chicks in their group
"they stole our culture!"
At least in the south
AtlasB: i think most black ppl know that
nope its right htere
mebbe now
it's lietally part of the crossing process
right
"embracing your ancestry"
or whatever
Bull
Sorry
Sunhappy: you know im pro drok on this
im all for ppl having their clubs
and orgs
Well call it what it is
im not anti sport culture anti greek /society culture
humans love to bond!
Cultural appropriation 
"mebbe" lmao
AtlasB: did you pronounce it that way too?
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/2zyhe5/i_wish_i_had_been_born_20_years_later_into_this/
lol
mehbeh
your low N count woman might just end up wanting to sow her wild oats
Lol
"I almost want to cry from the sheer envy and resentment that I wasnt born into this generation to be able to enjoy all of these wonderful things when I had been younger and more attractive, with a body unmarked by the ravages of two pregnancies. "
i used to be into the alternative-type pin up girl look though once upon a time so its hard for me to knock it lol
she wants that good sex!
she married Beta Bob and has regrets!
i still dont know how i feel about the super ornate septum ring though
meh
Blah blah I have a good life full of happiness
I never had one like that, I don't like those at all
12:31:08 <@witzie> your low N count woman might just end up wanting to sow her wild oats
If only I had more dick
They look like "bats in the cave" to me.
Whatever
Yeah
lmao Sunhappy she's like a TRP man
That is a big reason to avoid virgins
she just wants good sex!
I'd trade all 19 dicks for a family by now
Sunhappy: yeah because you had it
she never did!
she's like a virgin
to good sex!
lol
Then get good sex
With your HUSBAND
I just think it was an outward display of my lack of personality and sense of self at the time. And now that I know who I am as a woman, at least a lot more than I did back then, I realized I really did not want that on my face anymore.
Plus
she's amrried
her husband is asian
married to beta bob
good luck with that
not happening
Who needs good sex forever?
witzie++
Sunhappy: i agree
SHE NEVER HAD IT
that's her kvetch
Why are women expecting sex and intimacy to be the same throughout the life cycle ??
Everything else in your life literally changes
she is literally the nerd complaing about never having had
sex in college
or ever
So why wouldn't sex also change
Sunhappy: i dont think hers changed
i think she never had it
I'm with a man 17 years my senior. Sex is great but in 10 years what we do now will definitely change
And that's okay!
I'm too much of a nose-picker to ever want a nose ring.  I shudder to think of it.
ughhh that's not her issue!
It is. She should accept her station in life
she should
Not go what if what if what if
"would have liked to have many more lovers and, ahem, adventurous experiences, especially with at least one or two white men, before I got married. But its probably a good thing that Im not a part of this generation because knowing me, I would have ended up labeled a loose woman by my very traditional family (Im Asian) and most likely disowned or
worse."
Filthy race traitor
Needs to be doxxed
And honor killed
SerNemesis: takes one to know one!
For the hundredth time men don't race traitor
If they succeed they race win
RACE
TRAITOR
I'm tired of women who have happy lives risking it all
griddy++
To scratch an itch
she shouldn't have married beta asian
she was being a good asian
this is what she gets
for ignoring her body
and following her cultural norms
yeah
anxiety
hahahahaa
see why asian girls marry white men?
she wouldnt be having these problems
:P
nope!
Lol
SerNemesis: this will be your wife
on reddit
if you don't man up
she had her opportunities and isn't taking it
and start lifting
AsAP
has she cheated yet?
She will
Women like her always do
ask her again in 20 yrs if she regrets it
12:38:04 <+griddy> SerNemesis: this will be your wife
maybe she's just hitting menopause
I lift
i don't expect people not to have these thoughts at all
throughout their marriages
And this is why I want a nonindian girl
Or maybe her husband is gross now
thought this was a great comment phantom https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42lylw/being_his_mom_vs_being_his_girlfriend/czbjl2h
So I know she is attracted to me
And she's still hot Asian wife
And not marrying me out of duty
And wants some 50 year old white dick
I see it in DC a lot too
she claims her body has been ruined by pregnancies
she says she used to be hot
its sort of a dance being steadfast in your devotion to your man but still maintaining that its within a healthy relationship
SerNemesis: i thought you wanted honor in a woman!
Compared to her younger assassin days
Omg
duty is honor
lol
Assassin
Asian
HAhahaha
:(
I'm on my phone
Please call me an East Assassin from here on
12:39:29 <+griddy> SerNemesis: i thought you wanted honor in a woman!
sticking with him through thick and thin is important, but if you are no longer attracted to the man and his personality is bothersome to you, at some point you're no longer his dedicated woman, just ashamed of breaking up the relationship 
I want women to be honorable
But in this environment they often arent
but then your kids will be fucked up
so tahts selfish
Look at this woman wishing she could Sloot it up
12:40:58 <@witzie> but then your kids will be fucked up
SerNemesis: a lot of men wish that too
in fact most men do
Actually I think my sons will be way better off with a race-winner dad to set the example for them
ESPECIALLY if they married early
it's human nature
Agreed griddy
It isn't specific to women
monogamy is something humans work to honor
This smp does that to everyine
it's a matter of convenience. i don't think people used to be more honorable
matter of incentive
i agree with fiat 
look how easy it is to just fuck 100 people now, man or woman
they just had greater incentive to not fuck u[
up*
and look how easy it is to move to new communities now
with modern technology
also this new dr_warlock is ... interesting
don't ever need your most private circles or family circles to know
what you do
because you have access to so many diff places and pppl
i lookat poorer countries and people will know everyone in their neighbourhood
even in modernized areas of places like china, vietnam, taiwan, etc everyone will know each other even in buildings with hundreds of people
here i barely know my neighbours
I don;t know my neighbors
except for the old couple across the street
they do neighborly things like talk to you
when i smile and nod at these other folks
they dart their eyes
such weirdos
Lol
I don't know any of my neighbors
Except the two pot smoking lesbians next door
They're nice enough. 
love some good post smoking lezzies
Lol
thanks little_red_ 
yeah Dr. Warlock has a good base
but he wants women to be more like men 
https://evolutionistx.wordpress.com/2015/12/02/feminism-is-a-status-game/
which isn't the point - feminine women will always want to be chased
it's the role they are naturally inclined to pursue
and the masculine women that are RPW focused are much more rare
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/YcqgpNm1/
ive only seen a few of his comments but
idk
and THEY still need a man that can meet the dominance theshold
he says rpw are lazy because they are not aggressively forward 
lol
Oh 
I didn't see that
link?
ah you or someone had removed the comment
from coffee shop
Which thread?
I'll take a look
"You're being suggested to use one line, and cant even do that. One line to give him a signal, then let him do the rest. What a bunch of entitled, lazy shits lol.
I thought RPW attempts to transcend the typical female psychology?"
he had two borderline comments already
Oh yeah
I removed that one
and almost banned
lol
his assertion is just totally off base
and hilarious 
I delayed simply because I already had a few bans today (not actual logic I know haha)
where's that link little_red_ ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42iaoi/coffee_shop_situation_yesterday_what_should_i/
his comments were removed because they werent rpw appropriate though
mods staying on top of the game
this is what WingN has talked about - men want feminine women without any feminine behaviors so they don't actually have to work to be the leader
right
(without any negative feminine behaviors - and even with positive masculine behaviors)
i missed his comment in response to mine but lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42ndmk/when_they_are_not_into_that_sex_act/czblpnd
I think it'd be an interesting thread
12:43 PM <griddy> they just had greater incentive to not fuck u[ <--- yeah that's something i try to focus and analyze a lot here; various incentives of different peoples
someone seeing RPW as lazy is extremely funny to me
TRP guys  like him remind of ppl who talk a lot of shit and then fall hard for a chick and are just all bluff
it kind of gets swept under the rug here because this irc prefers talking about inherent traits and 
hi meowlies, I don't think I've met you yet
cultural values a lot more
:0)
than economic and social incentives
hi! i am meowlies on reddit as well, but mostly lurk. i came around here during the summer, probably as just plain owlies.
nice to meet you!
fiat: i think social incentives are hugely imporant
"My boner was still stiff."
wow he's crazy
wow. how pleasant
lol
i think most ppl in this chat understand that 
?
"It's nice seeing a woman put in work for once. Iwasn't like "...she seems a bit desperate, I'll back off." My boner was still stiff. Hint: boner = sex. " 
lol this is helpful to rpw...not
yeah...
Lol
I love the last line
hes thinking from trp side, now rpw
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42iaoi/coffee_shop_situation_yesterday_what_should_i/czbntps
i guess it's just me noticing it, because i mostly talk about cultural/religious values and nature with everyone else
his advice = do this it makes my pee pee stiff 
that's real helpful
she could also pull down her pants and bend over
that would work too
hes also asserting that this rpw is going to sleep with him before ltr
just misguided i think
probably young, new to trp
lol wingn
hey coochquarantine
Hey coochquarantine 
Hey y'all .
How are you?
Man witzie from your earlier post: https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/2zyhe5/i_wish_i_had_been_born_20_years_later_into_this/cpnmvd3
I'm good. Just waiting for my wax girl right now
Lol
So many terps all over the place on the internet
Lol
I ain't mad!! 
How about you ladies?
Good. R and z are doing homework
So I'm just relaxing
SerNemesis++
I got my flu shot. :D
Going home today
maybe thats why people always shamed sluts
if one woman does it, all of them want it
wrapping up things at work and heading home soon
And I start my new job tomorrow morning. I am pleased.
Anyone here use hello fresh?
Even my mom sometimes reads articles on the internet and then tells me about the comments from angry men and it is obvious it was an mgtow or trper
s'posed to get some snow tonight
Right filozof
oh fun zombie what will you be doing
And same for men too
Financial stuff for the local nursing home.
rofl, that thread.
Wow congrats zombie
"behave like a porn bitch and men will marry you"
Which one lifter
leftists are deluded when they think that there's no way it would be better for society if sexual looseness was taboo
Congrats
Eh, I'm only covering a lady for her maternity leave.
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42iaoi/coffee_shop_situation_yesterday_what_should_i/czbntps
Although maybe if I do a good job, they'll want to hire me for the remainder of the time I'm here (for something). :3
i'm pretty sure our generation is not the happiest generation ever
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/OdfHJGfX/
and we are pretty loose
Make that money girl
lol, they did it on purpose?
haha little_red_ .. "but boners though"
haha saw that on Instagram
Hahaha atlasb
SerNemesis: the response about how people are getting marrying and having kids later
the avg age isn't even that high though, like 27-28?
or was it 29
29 for men
26 for women I think
It rose dramatically recently due to the recession
lol lot
filozof leftists never thought about consequences or have the best interests of society in mind. They want freedom from consequences, and more personal power, not a society that works.
yeah i just think the guy doesnt understand the difference between RPW and women who get with TRP men
RPW arent the same women in the TRP FR's
*27 for women
i'm pretty sure they think they are working towards a better society
great
boner = good, guys!
if i marry this year
TIL
i'll be average!
they just think that the more "freedom" there is the better the society is
all i ever wanted in life
i dont want to be average, i want to be better than most
yeah they are thinking about the immediacies of society, filozof
learn and grow, lot
The real question is whether it will decline again after the economy gets better
i want to marry before 25
Boners are the only thing that matter!
How old are you filozof
like one less sad person on the streets or living paycheck to paycheck
http://images.sharefaith.com/images/3/1249430428743_884/slide-02.jpg
23 in april actually
i wouldn't consider that long-term though
damn im old
Well then 25 is probably too close
If you meet someone tomorrow
You want to wait long enough before marrying her
hmm. screening for low patience and bad behaviours that anyone can hide in the short term?
what is the avg time that most people take for that again?
a year? two?
Yeah that and wait for honeymoon phase to wear off
a lot of millennials today have a relaitonship for years and years without getting married
it's weird
is it tho
i think its pretty wise
date for 10 years and then the gf starts thinking they need to get married?
that is just weird
lol <3
im pretty sure 2 years is long enough to know a person well enough
millenials have a bad reputation across the globe
if she's right, i will know by that time
lol
i think most breakups are 6 months to 2 years
even my gf and mother both say how girls these days are too crafty and treat me like I'm too naive
lol if they only knew
so i'd wait 2 years till marriage
hahaha fiat
i think the honeymoon phase itself lasts 6 months to 1.5 years
iirc
but even if the hormones wear off after 1.5 years, people sometimes stick together for a few months before breaking up
so you want to give it a little time after the honeymoon phase
i think my h and i honeymoon phase laste duntil about a year after we were married
like 6 yrs
he made me wait 5 yrs to marry
wow
2 yrs is not long enough
oh
is that the honeymoon phase?
youre still in honeymoon
or dread?
SerNemesis: Species with some sexual coercion had larger males - I don't think this is the big thing 
I think it is intra-male competition 
that's oddly considerate of his part
that or coincidental
that sounds like it would have lasted 10 years if he had made you wait 9 years
*on his part
you just start to know each other after two yrs
and if you dont live together youre still strangers
Frensel: it depends whether the intra-male competition is on male terms or female terms
what's wrong with marrying when y ou're in honeymoon though?
I don't think sexual coercion is practical in general, I think sex is often *combative* but very seldom truly coercive 
I think that's the best time
if the males are competing for female attention then they dress up and stuff
no the honeymoon ended for specific reasons
There have been some weird posts lately on rpw or am I just on here more to notice these things being prevalent 
if the female really wants to run away it is very difficult to catch and fuck her 
if they're competing directly with each other and the winner gets to take the females then they get bigger
what's the honeymoon phase?
but I think it's good to marry when you're still in honeymoon
witzie it sgood to seal th ebond then
witzie it depends
a lot of people fall out of honeymoon after marriage
my h made me wait 5 yrs because he wante dus to be really sure
and then want to divorce
and his longest LTR had been 2 yrs
because they aren't okay with the partner post-honeymoon
its after thehoneymoon phase you can really "see" each other
until then youre stupid
yeah
stupid with love
" and if you dont live together youre still strangers" so true
but people don't have the luxury of waiting 5-10 years especially unless they meet early in college
women have biological clocks
unless you're doing that thing where you both pretty much stay with each other
one week at her place
yeah lots of confused newcomers
one week at his place
such a waste of rent 
what groups griddy?
Help. My man doesn't brush his teeth... That was the craziest one 
im riding the cc help me find a husband/i cant stand my boyfriend wat do/how do i stay with my bf because rich money
drok you're 8 convos late
i know
i was doing other stuff
how dare you have a life
and business to tend to
rude
I think really all these boil down to is that the sex is too good can I overlook his being a failure at being a human?
I think there are actually two phases
One is the early infatuation phase which wears off after a year or so
Enough for mating and pregnancy
yeah, shit is being difficult too
And the other is after 5-7 years (the seven year itch) after which ancestral humans were supposed to find new serial monogamous partners
SerNemesis: did you add the latest prime?
we were talking earlier and just come to the conclusion some of these ladies are so afraid of being alone they latch on to the first decent guy that gives them attention
Long enough to raise a child to the point where it is unlikely to die
https://www.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/42e22w/ready_to_cheat_now/
regardless of whether or not they are a good match
Oh blowing I need to get to that
Gonna add two primes
23 and 29
like the recent post >I'm 28, and I've been single for a good eight years, almost painfully so. 
i get it, youre not exactly a spring chicken but that "painfully so" is what i beleive leads women to just trying to find the first man they can 
usdaprime19?
are they twins?
hey everyone, catching up on what i missed in chat but first WingN outstanding post! 
Been there, done that.
hiya camille
Hi Camille 
my gut reaction
was the the one in the black is prettier
but thats because the green one has the face of a chick i find super annoying
IRL
maybe because she doesn't wear gross colored bikini
the hips are too wide for me
i dont understand how people can be attracted to that
Boobs on green bikini are better
lol
a submission on another sub by someone submitting at rpw about trying to find a good man
https://www.reddit.com/r/CrazyIdeas/comments/41jnkj/new_pickup_line_im_going_to_bed_but_could_you/
hmmmm wonder where the hangup is
Ew.
why doesn't "scarce" rhyme with "sparse"?
i'm baffled
filozof: because womanly
hips = woman
single mother of 5yr old, poor relationship with father
(her father, not kids father, he doesnt seem to be in the picture)
"Deep down I'm convinced that my dad truly hates me"
There was a post about the c/fo dynamic on purple pill debate. The girl who submitted was actively looking at porn while having the debate. If you look at her comments you'll see she was on ratemynudes or something like that 
wat
lol
"If she only wanted sex, that's one thing (and nothing wrong with that, because like you said it's not the 1950s),"
I saw that coochquarantine 
People are ridic
OP posts in ladybonersgw, too. omg
I'm sorry but if you're gonna post I'm gonna creep
lollolololol
You can't trick yourself into desiring someone 
You can trick yourself into suffering through a relationship with someone you find very attractive
and you can stay in a relationship even though you're miserable because it's easier to stay than it is to leave
and you can stay in a realtionship for the sake of kids
All of those statements are true 
but you can't fool yourself into being attracted to someone you find repulsive
Isn't there a saying along those lines...."you can lie to everyone but yourself" or somethign?
Ooohhh also Lauren_collins posted on purplepilldebte. Still being as obtuse as ever 
Link?
how was Vegas, blowing?
I'm on my phone. Look through my comments. She asked if rpw were actively looking to quit working when we marry/have kids
Good! I leave weds. We got to go to the strip over the weekend. I lost $50
I just replied "no."
Lol
13:42:23 <blowing> Good! I leave weds. We got to go to the strip over the weekend. I lost $50
to the strip?
That is all?
$50?
I was up at one point then I got cocky and started hitting MAX BET
what a pussy, ha
oh god
I'm appalled OP would leave out something like being a single mom.
I had to set a limit or I would be selling a kidney for black jack money
https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/3woglr/sure_most_porn_is_free_now_but_ive_been_late_for/
I become a degenerate gambler
what did i come back to
The Vegas Strip, filozof
My brother actually hit a royal flush on a texas table there
"How can I help myself find an SO that I actually respect?"
k.
Actually I have a question. Sometimes I see that a thread will have let's say "two comments"... But when I look it only shows one. Does that mean that someone commented who was shadowbanned?
Is the name for all the hotels and casinos lined up on Las Vegas Blvd
Holy dear Jesus 
He obviously won the hand for a couple Gs, but the casino had a bonus for hitting a royal flush. Unfortunately it was clubs so it was "only" (his words) $2,500
Filo https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/mdZ3DXOm/IMG_1590.JPG
Spades was over 10 he claims
Way to bogart my story ecm
$50
Zombie I think most single mom's leave that fact out. It's a source of shame. 
not bad
idk
Anyway so I was playing the nickel slots
its a better one than "lost $50"
Source: am single mom
OP is nuuuuuts.
ha
She's not going to find anyone quality behaving the way she is.
I agree
fiat: I went shopping yesterday at the forum shops and the big fashion mall
it's good you set limits for yourself blowing. I'm sure your h appreciates that
she left out a lot of important facorts in that post
She needs to hide all the things that would give her strikes. I'm sure her personality will do that on its own but she is just trying to trap someone by don't g so 
Ecm is your brother net ahead for gambling?
for reasons that are glaringly obvious
Thanks fiat !
Doing*
Wait does blowing care what her h appreciates?
SerNemesis he was on that trip, but in life I would say as well
thats why i have a habit of looking through history on new posters because 9/10 they usually give their fancied-up parts of the story
I was just rolling with it SerNemesis lol
He has an uncanny ability to win on golf
Lol blowing
That's where the real money is at...
Single mom who "wakes and bakes" andi s painfully single.
It was a kind sentiment
I feel like if I went to Vegas I'd set a higher limit for losing
im not going to bash people who smoke pot becuase i know some rpw do but this is a single mother of 5 that wakes up and wake-and-bakes, is late to work because of porn, doesnt have issues with people having causal sex and seems to only attract slum-men
Lol
Like $500 or something
It's a short trip
Depends on your game
yes
ty patyon
payton
And I just like playing slot machines
Last time I went to Vegas with H we gambled a few thousand
Wait. 5 kids?
Pre-kids money
so i guess the strip is what most people think of when they think of vegas
Of course it probably makes more sense to spend the money on hookers than gambling
Yes exactly filozof
a child of 5
I don't need to spend money for sex
So that's a savings!
5yr old
Right
my bad
Oh. Haha. Got it 
Alcohol, drugs and partying.  Don't need hookers there
lol
I personally smoke once or twice a year, and likely more if it's legal in the future where I am. But I make damn sure my priorities are taken care of first, and they are not taken care of right when I wake up, haha.
id like to go to vegas one day
Alcohol is free when you gamble
have a big hangover
Blackjack and hookers
"If I smoked all the time (for example, like I do currently)"
13:49:14 <blowing> Alcohol is free when you gamble
Hah
but im usually the one that tells the boys to go off while im still playing poker
They must have run the numbers
You sit at a slot machine
Nah, its alcohol in the clubs there
And just keep ordering drinks
And found that the extra gambling by a drunk person is worth the cost of alcohol
And she goes to raves.... none of these things are damning on their own, but they sure paint a hell of a picture of who she is when you put them all together.
Exactly
I would never play the slot machine
I love them
talking about dildoes and your unshaven vagina on reddit
i just
i cant
They have flashy lights
Oh Jesus christ qand r/actuallesbians
And make noises
I'd play blackjack or poker
About how to approach a woman who looks at you at the bar
I feel like a hamster hitting the lever for a pellet
If you can't do anything yourself what is the point
only this
https://cdn.psychologytoday.com/sites/default/files/blogs/30123/2011/07/68698-59228.jpg
This is why we can't have nice things
Lol blowing dat hamster
We can never agree on ANYTHING
Except USDA primes
cash card games are where the money is at
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42nx8w/dont_let_external_ideas_poison_your_relationships/ 
Right ecm
But my enjoyment is at the slot machines
I gamble for entertainment
stop being a pussy ten
You're better off saving that money for clubs and blow
just saw the actuallesbians post payton
See I also have a problem though with people who have no post history or comments posting. Not sure if troll or that lady. Like maybe she is genuine in wanting to change but she should reeellllyyy be taking more time to internalize before searching for a man 
WHAT THE FUCK
Why are you badgering me?
Witzie is that your reddit account?
cause I love Vegas, and you're WASTING it
also if youre asking for advice at least format it per the "Want advice? Please Answer These Questions."
I'm going Vegas MY WAY
just like frank says
I did it my way
Yeah. It goes to show SHE DIDNY READ THE SIDEBAR
Ha, fair enough.  If anyone knows Vegas, it's Frank
that is quickly becoming a pet peeve. Lol. 
lol
Upvotes for you~
r.i.p frank
Yeah, I ge tired of people who don't read the sidebar.
i told phantom we need to hide a keyword in the sidebar material or something and new users need to message the mods teh secret password before being able to post
lol
It's like they don't care to genuinely soak up information before asking 50 questions that would be answered if they just READ THE SIDEBAR.
Hahah. The narwhal bacons at midnight
ohpleaseno
Vegas is the degenerate RP man's dream...
Hahahahha yay someone remembered 
ohnooooo
My friends used to use that before I joined reddit.
And I was like "Wat?"
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42nx8w/dont_let_external_ideas_poison_your_relationships/
excellent post
Eww someone used that irl?
Weird high school nyerds.
My weird high school nyerd friends, but yeah.
fine not her H, but maybe her kids. I'm glad my mother wasn't addicted and limited her self indulgences
That was a joke zombie. I just used it irl
Haha
Lol
Oh, I mean entirely outside of the internet.
And not ironically.
I know. 
My joke was dumb. 
Years ago I won a bunch on a low stakes table, wearing this t-shirt and jeans - http://www.thoseshirts.com/icecold.html
That's okay. :D I am terrible at reading internet tone.
I can develop a nice solid addiction in less than a weekend so I have to be careful
And when I wanted to upgrade the casino had to give me a jacket.  My $10,000+ stack, lost it all - good times
"Eleven? That's nothing. I had 34 roommates for eight months one time. There was sooo much sex that when people on the second floor started breaking out in an innocuous skin rash, everyone accused everyone else of giving them an STD."
wat
ecm: are you a woman?
otherkin atually
By full reddit name is Ecoast_man
Eww
Otherkin?
Half man, half dragon
is that you ecm
hit me up bb
That's so gross I refuse to believe it's real.
what is going on at RPW lately lol
My brain is going to explode.
I'm convinced the blue pill brigade is coming into town 
I don't know what bb is
anyways blowing - stop being a pussy
playing the slot machine is nonsense, you're pretty much asking to lose money
i'd only play poker if i knew i have the skill
filozof - that's what Im screaming!
that money is better spent elsewhere
Like I said I do it for entertainment
I enjoy it
I drink
i'd play strip poker for entertainment
I touch things
Screens light up at me
i'm pretty sure that would be very entertaining
Happy chemicals
or better yet, string go with DG69 
strip go*
Is that from her post history???
Slots are not entertaining, they're time wasting troughs - hence old women waiting to die do it
Good post witzie
Yes
I love them
And I hate you
That's where my loyalties stand
Play a real game, craps isnt bad.  
Stop trying to AMOG me
thanks PhantomDream !
I was partially hoping thats the case coochq
Or AM/DOG me
:0)
For me - someone going to Vegas and playing a few slots, is like going to the Louvre but just hanging out by the fountain
am/dog?
alpha male/dog of the group?
Alpha male/dragon of the group
I'm here primarily to see my best friend who lives in Henderson
when you said you went to the strip
i thought you went to a strip club
WASTED opportunity
Lol
and was surprised
The Strip
don't you have kids with you?
should have been capitalized
Kids are with my parents
In leaving Vegas weds
they're probably too young to enjoy vegas
Just a short trip
They'd like circus circus
There's a kids area
i remember my friend in middle school telling me how much he'd like to visit vegas
Vegas has become weirdly family friendly
i'm pretty sure it seems like an unattainable dream to most people in poland
Probably true
at least those from the province like me
Like my dreams to go to Paris
God. Unless you want to Celine, no one under 21 should go to Vegas
i've been to brussels
http://i.imgur.com/bgoN3hl.gifv
Brussels sucks balls
its no las vegas is it
You're just a barrel of laughs are you ecm
Twenty bucks says the single lesbian pot head mom deletes her post
Obviously not, but there are so much better options nearby than that place.  I always tell people "pack a picnic" if you're going to Brussels
I really like littleknowns comment on the respectable man thread 
when visiting other parts of europe, the most shocking thing for me was visiting a water park in east germany
all the people in the locker rooms were just naked
Lol
That's what locker rooms are for
not in poland
Changing clothes
Obviously Paris, Amsterdam and London...  But Utrecht, Groningen, pretty much anywhere in Germany or Austria...
ahhahaha filo
What do y'all do in Poland
you dont go around naked in locker rooms
hahah yes u do
you go into those special changing rooms
How do you change?!
so you dont show your balls to everyone
Like the toilet stall?
Seems to be not so much de
its not a toilet
I've seen so much old lady bush at the YMCA
its a small space
i almost never see a dude's dick in a locker room
Really?
Sorry
we're very prudish peoplle
sorry for what?
not seeing dicks?
deletion but retaliation in response the harsh truth
i'm okay with that
I'm still sorry
One time I showered with a fat black girl in jail
you just want to brag that you were in jail, dont you?
Such a shining achievement
Ugh it's yoga time and I don't wanna get my lazy butt out to start the car. Waa
Does anyone know of a good automatic car starter? 
when did this happen in Poland?
but you feel so much better after coochq! 
when did what happen?
this phenom might be global then. no one used to give a shit in my gen and I'm not even a decade older than you filozof
people changed in locker rooms and showered together
nowadays in North America everyone is so shy
and change in their own stalls
its not global, its cultural
we polish people are very reserved about nakedness
i'm pretty sure we're getting more permissive about that though
there is no one younger than me in my gym that uses the pub showers or changes without a stall now
I know. But this is my second session for the day. and it's so cold in the B
when i was very little, i remember i never once saw a dude's dick when i went to a swimming pool
but i think recently people started being naked in locker rooms more often
i'm pretty sure we're still not like germany about that
in germany, people like naked on the beaches sometimes
some polish politicians even wanted to put warnings on the polish-german border about that
Ok ladies. I'm out. Have a goodnight 
I'm surprised Germans are naked
They seem stuffy
there are even nudes of the german chancellor somewhere
germans are formal i think, but they aren't prudish
back! had to deal with amazon customer service 
i like the idea of a secret password/key little_red_ haha
5:24 PM <filozof> there are even nudes of the german chancellor somewhere
:D
D:
i'm pretty sure those are your faces before and after seeing her?
Lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42m7uk/is_racism_a_neuromasculine_trait/czbnalf?context=3
This is the comment which gave me the last karma point to 10k upboats
payton are you femininenotfeminist?
I am
damn, mdma can be annoying
i took it on new year's eve and my jaw is still clenching
still, everyone should take it
yeah i can only imagine if thats the quality of woman she is its no wonder shes attracting low quality men
Buy chewing gum beforehand
A lot of people want to be a 5 and hook up with a 10, unfortunately.
that won't change how my jaw muscles behave afterwards, though
Yes racism is a neuromasculine trait
I don't even have to read it
everyone do drugs
wasn't that thread an accusation against men?
people don't care about women of another race, we are only threatened by men
that's the major reason people don't want refugees - they're mostly men
cos they sex our wives
and i ran outta bucks
if refugees were mostly women we would be extatic
so tihs popped up on my pinterest page
http://www.danoah.com/2013/10/16-ways-she-botched-our-marriage.html
has some interesting points
his approach to the do-it-over bits are a little off imo but  his findings of the faults are worth reading
i could do with a maid
thanks for the link little_red_ 
I laugh at the "code word" ideas
lol yeah
thats almost as good as putting a stuffed elephant on the living room table when you want to talk
As though it's not acceptable to say, in the face of criticism: "You
re being a brat"
lol
I remember that
i cant remember where its from, just that it was completely ridiculous
It was a thread on the sub
in connection to a user
Perhaps one of the ones that wanted to be a helping therapist on the sub
and promised to publish all kinds of great content
and then just disappeared
That's not to say that methods like that CAN'T work
just that I perceive it as juvenile
yes thank you
like spelling out words so your kid doesn't know about something
i dont think its a healthy mindset to have in a relationship
if you cant feel comfortable just talking to your partner, what ar eyou doing?
"We can't be honest so we need coded language"
mhm
I mean, I get shy and can't talk unfiltered about certain things with Occam, but I can't talk about those things with anyone
but that's different from needing pretend language 
i would take some prime aged refugee wife
only code word you should need is a safe word
(lol)
pretty sure she would love being married to a rich programmer
she would surely show much appreciation to her man, like her culture tells her to
Haha
"14. I JUST WANTED HER TO UNDERSTAND MY LOVE LANGUAGE AND TRY TO SPEAK IT."
"IF I HAD IT TO DO-OVER: Id look at her every time she started being so gross and Id say, this may sound awkward, but would you mind wiping my butt later, too? Or would it be better if I just keep my own grossness to myself?"
HAHA I love that
A&A
i think this is also something important a lot of people look over. people show love in different ways and i think that can be a huge barrier
also LOL
"Some people just arent fighters. I am not a fighter. Its not my personality. And for some reason she loved to fight. She loved to push those certain buttons that she knew I couldnt not fight over once they were pushed. Sometimes I would even straight up beg her to just not fight one time and let it go, and she would push harder and she would push
more buttons until we were in a straight-up brawl."
Her dominance threshold was higher than his ability to be dominant
so out of control testing that he repeatedly fails
yep yep yep
#1) find a good partner match, #2) some of these things still need to be heeded
oh boy are trps trying to say racism isn't masculine?
women getting so comfortable with their men that they poop with the door open (i mean really)
this is great
or NEVER leaving your man alone
I understand that people have different love languages - but I don't know how someone could stay with another person for so long when they NEVER express the language you need most
I think most well rounded humans will hit on every love language to varying degrees
I have been in stupid arguements on reddit about pooping with the door open, or farting in front of your partner. Someone told me he and his girlfriend were obviously more comfortable and accepting of each other than my husband and I because we don't behave that way.
NONONONONNO
They said I had an immature view of natural bodily functions.
-_-
That type of behavior just breeds the 'friend' or 'sibling' dynamic
eww
haha one of my friends asked if my boyfriend and i were "poop official" once 
yes, i think its difficult being in a relationship with someone who doesnt naturally display their love in a way that you prefer to receive it but knowing about it and occassionally making a conscious effort  to show your love in their language is important
We should all just walk around naked and hairy and shit in the streets like nature intended, obv.
Oh my goodness Amelia !
God payton
why are you so repressed?
lol lot
yeah its just a bit much
It. Is. Horrible.
;)
i dont want to do anything gross in front of my partner, how weird that i want him to be turned on by me! 
right
I still think it's action
And against the men
Men aren't really racist against other race women
That's race winning as sernemesis would put it
i know so many women who will belch, not burp, and think its the most hilarious thing ever and i glance over and catch the look on their so's face
All I can say is I do not want to be with a man who is proud of his girl's belches.
I don't understand why girls want to ruin their mystery/Appel like that
Appeal
i think they just... i dont know... being like that affirms that their man is so in love with her that she can do nasty things and he still thinks shes gods gift?
i mean i literally have no idea
How do you not feel embarrassed though by that behavoour? It's baffling
i accidentally tooted next to A months ago and froze and a few hours later he says "you know you dont ahve to be so embarrased about that"
"shut up shut up shut upppp"
Hahaha
K and I are still like that. We acknowledge that sometimes squeakers happen but we would never, ever just let one rip. And if it happens, it's usually referred to as "leading a duck parade."
LOL
When I first moved in with m I never ever went to the bathroom when he was also at home. I know that's a bit extreme but I've never lived with anyone before and wanted to be on best behavior
my bf revels in making me aware of all his pooping/farting habits.
I stfu about mine.
cam thats how one of my girlfriends was
she lived next to a target and if she really had to go while he was there she would go to target
lol
even for pee? he must have left home a lot lol
Hahaha I walked to the pool or leasing office
Yep witzie
When we're on vacation K runs down to the lobby to TCB
A said for the first few months we lived together he seriously wondered if i didnt poop
My old roommie used to love when girls weren't afraid to fart in front of him.
lol
I found it baffling.
He didn't even notice though
He's a weird dude
Haha that is weird!
 racism is cool
He'd be so proud
He'd come home and report "well she pooped with the door open this morning!"
And I'd be like "ew"
oh no
But he thought it was the greatest-ever.
idk man
he might think the novelty of it is funny but i imagine that would wear off over time
i mean really
I dunno. I've always had a mostly-male friend group.
5 yrs down the road your wife is still pooping with the door open after enchilada night
i mean really
how enchanting 
And I was never so aware of not being one of the guys than I was when they started up with the shit convos.
Like
Weekly
They all had to describe the size, frequency and textures of their BMs
And I'd just be there like _
Eww
Ahaha little_red_  that's horrible
yeah i just cant think that situation would be positive for any relationship
no matter how much you want to brag about being comfortable wiht your so
I'm comfortable enough with mine to marry him, soo.. all poops unconsidered, I think we're doing alright :3
Maybe a man doesn't mind if that happens but he certainly doesn't want it to happen. He would prefer a door closed vs open if there was a choice
Just... go all the way
Have him sit in when you get your asscrack waxed.
Better yet, get him to wax it for you
He would prefer to see his woman in attractive situations if he had to choose
lol payton
And don't shower first, cause you're soooo comfortable with each other
On a tangentially-related note, I've been watching a lot of My 600 Pound Life lately
And I'm surprised at how many of these people have husbands/wives/SOs.
I imagine a lot of them got married because they either enabled a sloppy lifestyle for a lazy man, didn't start that way, or a fetish thing.
http://elitedaily.com/dating/gross-ways-know-reached-peak-comfort-level-relationship/864547/
That seems like a high schoolers idea of what a LTR is like. 
seems like it but its bothersome that an adult wrote it
facebook has just reminded me that a girl i went to high school with is a model 
https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/v/t1.0-9/10942752_10204332223600554_8789380480036976431_n.jpg?oh=a22f264412f0bf871591571867b853c2&oe=5739C3AB
everyones a model these days
You just wanted to brag that you went to high school, don't you?
most models I know are just stupid girls who paid to be in a model agency
And those fucking heightists say I am too tall to be a model... 
SerNemesis: I have been reading about tank armor, and apparently the soviets stopped using ceramics post T-64 
instead they use NERA or 'bulging armor' 
basic principle is that some polymer is energized by the penetrating jet or dart, and it pushes an armor plate forward increasing the interaction time and introducing yaw 
no, i just wanted to brag that i have a semi-famous person i used to know blowing 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/6161691.stm
but it is surprising to hear that no ceramics are used at all, given their value in terms of blunting the penetrator 
Are we bragging today filozof ?
Then there's someone currently on radio stations internationally that I has known me in the biblical sense.
well, it's not that difficult to do that if you're a slooty girl
if i did that, that would be impressive
Your kindness is blinding
6:44 PM <filozof> well, it's not that difficult to do that if you're a slooty girl
i'm just saying, it's not that difficult for a woman to bang a celebrity
If we are going by shots on goal vs goals in actually a prude
I'm *
he was my boyfriend
Not a ONS
if you had an actual relationship with a famous person though, that's impressive
Thanks!
i guess i misunderstood what "biblical sense" meant, though
that's nice then
Also
I went to HS with Mandy Moore
Who is currently divorce raping her H
i assume "being on radio stations internationally" means that he's a well known singer
He's in a band
Well known
Won awards
Been on the tonight show
Etc
interesting
why did you break up?
He moved to LA and I stayed in FL instead
Incidentally he was also my pot dealer
cool story bro
We aren't friends anymore Jack4ss
tragic
i always play blackjack
i alway splay blackjack
.
v
v
v
are you ok?
i think atlasB is a bot
i knew it
i have a bunch of shiro cosmetic eyeshadow samples and want to do this but am super afraid i will ruin them all lol
http://imgur.com/a/KQVTK
it wasnt coming up
is it working
ok
blowing my 1st bf had a video on mtv
lol
he had been in a popular local band
they made fun of it on beavis and butthead
Omg I must find!
my first boyfriend was the president of united states
very pretty
i mostly play poker
but that's with friends only
im afraind theyll discontinue my coastal scents palette
i just ordered a mini tarte paleatte
my eyeshadow problem hasnt abated
little_red_: this one is horrifying IF I HAD IT TO DO-OVER: Id make one rule about sex with her. And that would be that there were no rules about sex with her. No schedules. No hurdles. No begging. Just let it happen when it happens, and enjoy the times when it is all about gettin a piece because those times are just as needed and usually more
relationship-building anyway!
and i don't like joining tables that look like they are occupied by people who know or understand each other
Was it this hotty, Jack4ss ? https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/F8vKl2dN/IMG_1593.JPG
gives them unfair advantage
whats that from
eugh ive changed my mind
i used to use a bidding system with my friends
i even asked two separate casinos
the dealers there if there were rules against bidding systems
hidden bidding systems
surprisingly, they said no
i wish i could find the movie house of games streaming
so basically, if you want to play poker, always make sure that the table doesn't have people who look like they know each other
hwo do you guys find all that
i dont understand torrents
theres a great poker game scene in it
Get this: even if they aren't intentionally using "bidding systems", just by knowing each other, they have advantage over the newbie
because they'll understand each other, when and why they choose to fold
or when they decide to check
you dont understand how to use a torrent?
they're less likely to "bump heads"
meaning you'll be bumping heads with people with legit good hands more often
lol wingn mine is lipstick lately
you'll be paying more to keep certain players in check
i heard coastal scents is really good though
learning about them and paying for it
LOL PHANTOM
no i dont
never join a table that looks like the players are already familiar.
wouldn't this be a big thing in professional poker
and my computer flags the sites as malware
dana http://www.danoah.com/2013/10/16-ways-she-botched-our-marriage.html
So sad
should i ignore that
no begging
oh lawds
house of games? is it this movie? http://putlocker.is/watch-house-of-games-online-free-putlocker.html
Frensel: they are more familiar with each other anyway.
i ignore it
besides it's still good to avoid in case you run into people with bidding systems
casinos apparently don't check for that
looking
I am not sure you can make more than 2x EV working together 
i just go on kickass.to
they do not care. it's not against the rules
little_red_ i have 3 coastel scents palettes
my secondhand understanding is that casinos are full of fish 
it's only a slight boon, Frensel
i mostly use TBP for torrents
i have hooded eyes so i cant show off eyeshadow nearly as much as i would like
but if you have a decent enough bidding system and everyone is of equal skill
qq
then you're basically taking the best hand of everyone in the team
download a torrent program, so when you have got the torrent file, u have something to open it with
every round
then it downloads it for you
because no one in the group will be going up against each other
think about it
in a group of 5 in a table of 10, it's always the best hand out of that group of 5
going up against unorganized individuals
ive considered blepharoplasty but egads surgery
its not bad or anything just wish they were not hooded at all lol
beta face
what's a bidding system?
and the group of five is never going all out against each other. the other 5 unorganized people
every time i type its disappearing why
some of them might have decent hands, but they fold out of fear
some of them just want to bluff
ya his responses are cringeworthy but i think the points are problems that arise in a lot of relationships
you broke the internet
some of them might overestimate and check even though one of the other unorganized players had a better hand
and already folded
it's obviously the organized group that has an advantage
filozof bidding systems are ways to communicate your hand without explicitly saying them
they're common in card games like Bridge or even spades
but in poker it can be how much money you bet
i cant even read this
ew
he should have killed her
or even how you hold the cards
could just be any secret form of communication
to make your group organized
i used bidding systems in college and usually came out ahead in my groups.
bahaha
what?
link?
"And because I was sometimes made to feel guilt for needing time away, I began to resent her for it more than I ever let on."
stage 5 clinger
it's so much easier than counting cards like those asians did for blackjack which inspired the movie 21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADfknTgF1D4
great movie
http://cdn.meme.am/instances/56329812.jpg
if you ever saw glengarry glen ross
same writer and director
that reminds me of some dude who wanted to cheat on who wants to be a millionaire
a person from the crowd communicated the answer by coughing
it's not cheating, filozof.
well what you're describing is
but what i was describing is ALLOWED by casinos
most people just don't ask about it
I did.
wouldnt bidding systems be disallowed too?
that's what i thought when i first considered the ways i could be scammed
while at vegas
that's why i asked
when they said they don't care
i organized my own bidding system and group
shoul di buy this
https://youtu.be/xNIF7hl7XlE
blowing can go ask herself
she's at vegas
so that's why you're wary of cheaters then
you are one
that being said, i only asked at MGM and another casino
maybe those two casinos are unique but i somehow doubt it
i'm not a cheater technically speaking, filozof 
i asked
just because other people don't know the rules and i do and thus derive advantage, doesn't mean i'm a cheater
Hey ladies
anyone could have asked themselves
why would the casinos care. it's other people's money
not like the house loses money
i know, i'm just kidding
it makes sense kind of, when you're not playing against the casinos they dont have to care about cheating
yes WingN get it!
they probably would if you organized a system where someone would tell you other people's hands, though
looks fun
the dealer isn't involved
or this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0FebCuW_cc
you just tell your own friends what you have through your system
in code: "I have a three of a kind"
in code: "get out, I have a flush, that's better"
yeah it would be interesting if you actually told the cards out loud
obv if other people read it then there's no point. the point is just to avoid collisions
or both
or three
lol
and make it so the person with the best hand in the group stays in
filozof: welcome back
while the others don't waste additional money staying in
and people would think you're actually telling your cards, but the group would know its a code for something else
hi Architect 
all the video!
but the bootcamp circuit will be better for weight loss
her othe rboot camp is amazing
i find weights completely halt my weight loss
right muscle weighs mroe than fat
and the fat is on top of the muscle
look at this ridiculousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8IIVee-mMI
so youre just adding more density to the area 
yeh but if the scale doesnt move or goe sup
i lose momentum
its actually stalled out every diet ive tried recently
so im only doing cardio
if i lose 20 lb ill add wieghts
i cant depriv emyself of all food i like forever and stall out
psychologiclaly
that makes sense
does she have HIIT videos?
i read thats the best for fat burning
4:25 PM <filozof> so that's why you're wary of cheaters then / you are one <--- lol, I was thinking; it never ceases to amaze me how few people ask about these things. I mean, I am always thinking of ways I can be scammed
why wouldn't you ask casinos what they do and the steps they take to ensure no cheating?
yes!1
not even just scammed but the stats / odds that work against me.
this has HiiT and step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iOG82afyTw
her last series was HiiT
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/A0Ymyhp7/Screenshot_2016-01-25-18-40-54.png
ripped with hiit
I did this one and it was brutal. Almost 600 calories burned. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gmm2Zmh7lng
i have this one but i havent done it yet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgcZiElRVDU
the Hiit isnt as fuun as step tho
too athletic
i guess people just assume they forbid cheating
people in general rarely ask things in my experience
they have massive anti cheating mechanisms in place
the eye in the sky sees all
the casino should care about people cheating against others too, they wouldnt want their reputation to take a hit
once people find out cheating is possible
poker is different
its betwen the players
not between the house and th eplayers
unlike black jack or baccarat etc
the house is just the dealer
yes atlasb, that thought is what made me wonder.
as for blackjack i'm firmly convinced that some casinos cheat
its all stacked agains tyou
they might prevent players from cheating, but the house prob cheats.
i was up several hundred dollars against the house at one point
and then they swapped out the old ass guy who was the old dealer
they dont let you win too much
this young guy came tappd him on the shoulder
i used to play blackjack in my 20s
told him his time was up
yeh the dealer shift
then everyone at the table started losing
including me
then your run ends
lol
magic
i was SO stubborn
thinking that there's no way. because i ddin't think the house would cheat
and why would my luck suddenly change
i was using the same system
and counting cards the same way
but i just kept fucking losing
there was no way. EVERHYONE was losing, but some people left earlier than me
not as stubborn
i lost everything i won. lol
Gotta go- have a good evening ladies! 
back but also doing hair so semi afk
Lol fiat
WingN the athletic-ness is why its effective lol
Always stop when you're ahead
And stop when you're further behind than you'd like
So when I heard about the MIT kids counting cards I assumed it would be hard. But it is so ridiculously easy
yes and i thought that would get me ahead.
well in anycase, i only lost what i won in blackjack
i got more from poker because i worked with others on that
but for blackjack i'm not sure how the younger dealer did it. he just kept beating everyone at the table.
i thought those people only existed in movies
Yeah I'd much prefer poker yo blackjack
You don't want to go against the house
Like counting cards in blackjack is way easier than say keeping track of cards when trick-taking in bridge
dumb cow
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ns2y/how_can_i_help_myself_find_an_so_that_i_actually/czbyds6
lol of course she ignores everything you say and chooses to get offended 
What did she say that got deleted?
Have you banned her yet?
https://youtu.be/KTJn_DBTnrY?t=441
lol at this
single for 8 years, 28, 5 year old son
what
"Do you get off on judging people? If I wasn't the best person (and woman) I could possibly consider myself being, I wouldn't be making this post. The way you say drug use heavily implies "you're clearly irresponsible!" Certainly not the case. Your stance on drug use is outdated at best, so I suggest you stop focussing on that."
kittenkajira thats what was deleted
hm
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ns2y/how_can_i_help_myself_find_an_so_that_i_actually/czbzjlr
I didn't even read her post, tbh.
I'm a b*tch today
 https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42nx8w/dont_let_external_ideas_poison_your_relationships/czby9mk?context=3 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ns2y/how_can_i_help_myself_find_an_so_that_i_actually/czbzb0z
lol
That's a lot of defensiveness for what littleknown facts said!
How do you find the SO you actually respect? Run your mouth until a man punches you in the face. Then marry that man.
gg.
lol
PhantomDream++
these women construct these narratives and dont think that we can see through them 
lol lifterofthings!
be back in a bit 
:0) 
thanks Camille 
I'll marry her. She can wash my socks and I'll beat her daily.
It'll be great.
bf and I can have the housewife we always wanted.
lol
Hello everyone
howdie :D
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ns2y/how_can_i_help_myself_find_an_so_that_i_actually/czbzqau
Wow.  What a witch.
seems like she's upset that her past would be used against her in the smp
the fact that she didn't mention her kid is red flag enough
.
banned
lol Lot
do any of these morons evenknow where theyr eposting
?
maybe they think we are like r/relationships but "girlier"
i think a lot of them just se e"women:
she was a cavalcade of RP red flags and wornings
Sam Hyde!
Jack4ss: I saw him and in Philly
With MillionDollarExtreme
those evil bitches not being supportive, lol
hes hilarious
we hung out with Nick at the bar afterwards
yeah WingN that must be it
That was around the corner, he's cool as shit, definitely my favorite in the group
they see women and think its a judgement free zone
i love it when he tries to hold in his laughter, and does weird stuff
and the audience doesnt know wtf is goin on
He's got a lot of videos, he's great
Kind of redpill too, especially in this interview he just did
So impervious/allergic to self-improvement, then?
She ASKED for judgement!
She asked what was keeping her from finding the man she wanted
If she wanted a "you go girl, if he doesn't like you he's not worthy!" echo chamber, she can post to r/relationships
sh eprobably wanted a pep talk about being confident, loving herself, the right guy will ocme, keep up the good work, etc
So she writes this long-winded post, responds "BITCH U DONT NO ME" to like, every piece of advice, and then gets snippy with everyone.
And she wonders why no man wants her
CAUSE HE'D KILL YOUR ASS AND THEN HAVE TO GO TO JAIL, HONEY. You can't find your dream man because he doesn't want to go to jail.
Lol lifterofthings
shes a pig
leading the life of a pig
28 yr ol dlife ruine
dgood luck
smoke weed with your 5 yr old son
and cry where have all the goo dmen gone
I like how she's got a 5 year old and says that she's been single for 8 years, but she doesn't have casual sex.
And the women on RPW are like "... wut?"
And she gets all pissed off
Like that isn't a legit question
i cantimagine being singl efo rsix yrs
8*
is this guy a hjoke
or is he serious
look at his disgusting bone structure
no individual??
i woul dkill this disgusting maggot face homo
what quality is ther ein this video
If there have been no relationships in 8 years, and your kid is 5, and you don't have casual sex....
what guy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTJn_DBTnrY&feature=youtu.be&t=441
Another one of those pesky "jizz on the toilet seat" babies?
there was a second incarnation apparently lol 
is this a skit making fun of this kind of person?
its got a poe's law feel
I hate when that happens
I'm doing my good virtuous girl thing and God just sticks a baby in me
So rude
haha
lol ok
yes
he smaking fun
nm
well shes banned now
by my calculations we have 5 yrs until the world ends
i llocked the thread but feel free to unlock it PhantomDream if you had more to say to her
wahts that outfit
i dotn know
shes a very dumb person, didnt even know phantom was a mod and was offended that phantom said this was her final warning
its so subtly exactly like a real person like him that its to real to be funny
Good.
thats why its funny
I hope she was so offended she had to go smoke a big bowl
And play herself a morse code lullaby on her clit.
meh
Like the classy dame she is
because the audience dont know its a comedy act
oh they dont?
eww what morse code lulluby??
i'm pretty sure that he wouldnt be wearing this if he was serious
Hahahaha
Her post history
I need some popcorn to read all of these comments.
Women who had casual sex and then became a "relationship" person, what's your story? (https://www.reddit.com/r/AskWomen/comments/42l86q/women_who_had_casual_sex_and_then_became_a/)
https://www.reddit.com/r/CrazyIdeas/comments/41jnkj/new_pickup_line_im_going_to_bed_but_could_you/
so this is what millenials think is funny
Asking women why they hopped off the cc
i was always a relationship person
our humour has advanced further than your old brain can handle
i had casual sex when i was single
thats probably what it is jack
...
woooow
and she had to ask rp why she could get commitment from a high value man?
"I was looking for a relationship at the same time I was having casual sex. I clicked with someone, we started dating and I just stopped having casual sex."
sounds like askwomen agrees with you AtlasB 
lolol
probably cuz they're women not spergs
who seem to lack the ability to understand this
right
I knew it was stupid as all hell when we were talking about it earlier.
i mean i always wanted a BF
that was the goal
sometimes i didnt have one
sometimes i just felt liek hooking up
sometimes i hoped the guy called
sometimes i didnt care
some times he called and that was a BF
i know girls like that
and id cease all activities
other than GF activitieis immediately
and drop all my friends
lol
all these incels need to ride the vagina carousel to rid them off this obsessiveness
women for the most part aren't capable of understanding that they're treating the casual sex guys better than they treat their boyfriends
my bfs were casual sex partenrs
thats relaly just for women who stop banging
and start demanding men "Date" them
and hold out
i met my husband in a bar
there was no date
lol
who goes on dates 
he was treated like every other casual sex partner
a king
i dotn know appaerently ex CC riders and beta losers
Wow
ikr
i m not familiar with that world
dates are just a terrific way to be an incel and lose money
casual sex partners don't have to be faithful, so guys prefer casual sex to relationships
i took  my h home the night i met him and we werent apart for 6 days
he stoppe dgoing to ework
it was sex pizza and the simpsons
for 6 days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-okl6e_Suk This made me lol so hard my eyes teared up
the dream
yeh well keep dreaming you get that from an uptight no sex drive 20 yr old virgin
lol
ha yea
hard work they are
for what
i dont think i could be bothered with a virgin rn
Another one of those pesky "jizz on the toilet seat" babies? LOT i died a bit
so much investment is needed
hahah
and there is a reason they are a virgin
admit it lifterofthings thats what's got you into this mess 
yay maddox
ugh i make dinner and shower and i miss the good stuff
wetweiner had some poor aim in the shower
my bf and i make jokes about that
a lot
oh
or toilet seat
he was complaining that he had jizz in his navel hair the other day
that works too
hahaha
i love when maddox use dto make fun of kids drawings
and i was like "HOW WAS IT DRESSED? I BET THAT SLUT WAS ASKING FOR IT"
yes. He does videos now
and they are so fucking funny
http://maddox.xmission.com/irule_.html
" if you don't want your identity to be as a smoker, or a rave girl, or a party girl, you have to know where to draw the line." payton spot on
did anyone watch the xfiles reboot last night?
you cant be this and that and only what this attributed to you but not that
.context
whut
it was really disappointing
oh witzie my h extressed interest in some up in the hollers libnertarian looking show
it looks kinda bad byut i want to wathc ti
lol
I would rather burn to death than be saved by this hairy piece of shit?
witzie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7K0ecPen2c
why would they reboo tth exfiles
thats crazy
well, it's with the same actors
lol omg wingn i havent seen that website in ages
wow
as scully and mulder
but fuck I wish they hadn't
maybe it'll get better
Have you listened to The Biggest Problems in the Univers WingN?
It'
s a great podcast
it's only going to be a short mini-series, from what I understand
is it too much to eat three small pears?
has anyone watched that movie with daniel radcliffe as a fart-powered jetski?
no lol
It's great Mad and Dick Masterson....he wrote "men are better than women" I believe
"Without knowing the exact extent or intensity of my usage, you draw incorrect conclusions."
I don't think so, if you're hungry
she posted on another thread in another sub that shes a habitual user
lold
it's a lot better than other snacks you could be eating
what did i eat today
a couple fat fre ehot dogs
three pears
Haha
a cup of stew
a hamburger patty
and coffee?
and an atkins bar
and i burned 368 kcal 
So glad I haven't missed the discussions about that post..
and said theres nothing wrong with having promiscuous sex in so many words
working out
ive lost 6 lb
i wa sjust hungry today
that all sounds pretty low cal
i just dont understandw hy people put themselves out there and say "help me judge whats going on here?" and people give their responses and OP goes on about "hwo dare you try to judge my situation!!1"
do you find that you have days of not being very hungry, followed by days where you're super hungry?
or not comprehending that people will believe whatever the want about you regardless of whether it's accurate
though, in her case, it seems to be
atlasB u champ
GIRLPOWER
googogogogogo
ahem.
i dont know im ever hungry
lol wut
jack
i just want to taste food
er
wut
i'm always hungry
"thats outdated you dont get to believe in that"
<.<
>.>
i always start eating shitton of carbs and then regret it
i know high protein has cut down on my hunger
a LOT
i was eatinga high carb breakfast then binging on carbs
carbs are pretty delicious
i just ate a tortilla
i just dont see why she poste dit by us
"Maybe I don't get it because it's not true" - I can just imagine her covering her ears and saying 'la la la not listening' 
WingN: it's because she imagines herself as being higher value than she is, so she thinks she belongs here
trump will most likely win iowa and NH now
is there a chance he won't get the nomination after that?
lol ron paul got second place in the nh democratic primary in 2012
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42p50g/cmv_blue_pill_types_are_contemptuous_towards_men/czc0dqb
well this person sounds like a barrel of laughs
https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/3s82w7/weed_dealer_down_the_street_got_an_atm/cwv9muk?context=3
https://www.reddit.com/r/OkCupid/comments/3yarx1/what_is_the_different_between_hookup_and_dating/cybxsvc
"Without knowing the exact extent or intensity of my usage, you draw incorrect conclusions."
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/QG5LMvfn/.
>smokes all the time
he still has to carry the south
you cant win the nom if you dont win one or the other
>nothing wrong with FWB because not 1950s
but it doens MEAN youll win thenom
>single for 8 yrs w 5yr old kid
>still argues with RPW over solid advice
i dont have that much experience in watching american elections, but i assume that he will have huge momentum after he winds both states
i think its very rare that someone wins both and loses
i think the "single for 8 years but 5 year old kid" is her biggest flag
where is RPW being advertised that is bringing in waves of crazy?
https://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/42o2i0/moderators_subreddit_rules_now_available_for_all/
that's what i wanted to know earlier little_red_ 
WingN PhantomDream lifterofthings yay!
Sunhappy: particularly since she didn't mention him
i feel like some mystery thread is directly people there
interesting billclinton los tboth
lol
iowa hasnt been very predictive recently
"At 22, I had just gotten out of a serious relationship and was dating someone exclusively when I got pregnant."
22+8=28
like there seems to be a distinct break between how she views herself and who she really is...some sort of selective slut amnesia
he got 2.81% in Iowa
wut
lol slut amnesia
bill clinton
wasn that popular in th ebeginning
its called narcissism 
if i remember right
and only won the general becaus eof whats his face
ross perot
lol
but why bother if you think promiscuity it ok?
*is ok
right, conservatives always blame him
i almost wish you hadnt banned her
i want to see that hamster spin
and rationalize all the questions thrown at her
no it was true
sounds like a neat sideshow
he definitely took conservitive/gop voters
it would hav emade for good drama but the comment section of rpw isnt a reality show and there have been so many weird posts and comments that the law needs to be laid down
lol i know i know
Oh? I must've missed out on a lot in my absence.
There was a full the other day, after all.
sometimes you just want to poke the ol bear with a stick though
*full moon
clinton only won a plurality
I wish she'd continued to lurk for a few more months
 then maybe some of rpw would have started to make sense to her
or join chat
idk about that. like i said earlier, when harsh truths are brought to the table a lot of people retaliate and she did just that
i always feel like we get better understanding of ladies from chat
than just hte sub
im sur eyouve rea dlots of leftist articles in salon saying otherwise tho
she thought rpw would go off teh post in and of itself but her post history was brought in to play and she didnt like that
"In June, Perot led the national public opinion polls with support from 39% of the voters (versus 31% for Bush and 25% for Clinton).[7] Perot severely damaged his credibility by dropping out of the presidential contest in July and remaining out of the race for several weeks before re-entering. He compounded this damage by eventually claiming, without
evidence, that his withdrawal was due to Republican operatives attempting to disrupt his daughter's wedding."
that's weird
if i relied on myself my confusing ass in sub vs in chat, i'd not have gotten far at all
she only wanted material she presented to be used in the discussion
i haven't really formed any opinion on whose votes perot took
but i mean if youre the type of woman to go on reddit talking about whether or not you shave your vagina and what type of dildos you like i mean
although that poll seems to suggest he took more of clinton's
you really think some man is going to think you are quality?
i'm sure someone would have wanted her
but it may not be the kind of man she's after
which is often the disconnect. 
little_red: I majorly rejected rpw when I first started (if I'd posted I probably would have acted a bit like her tbh) but the longer you read the more it wears down at your hamster and denial until you have to accept it. Myabe more time was what she needed :/
http://www.nytimes.com/1992/06/11/us/the-1992-campaign-on-the-trail-poll-gives-perot-a-clear-lead.html
perot had a lot of momentum
til the debate with stockdale
if that's true, then he was more popular among democrats
then he started someblack helicopte rnuttiness about his daugter
i think it might be because rpw is such a different way of thinking and behaving than so many women think and behave so its a huge shock
clinton only won by a pluraity, theoreticlal y he could have still won by a clos emarhin
you have to look state by state
how perot impacted
some just think we are beaten pleasantville housewives (or dudes) 
http://archive.fairvote.org/plurality/perot.htm
the left has always tried to assert perot had no role and everyoen just loved and wanted clinton so much becaus ehe was the best president we ever had
lol. I laughed way harder at this than I probably should have. https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/hphotos-xtp1/t51.2885-15/s480x480/e35/12276738_1624951964394027_925521255_n.jpg
lol thats pretty specific
lol somebody mad
slice turkey and florescent lights are such a great conduit for raising the dead
clinton won 370-168, advantage of 202 electoral votes 
i think its very unlikely that he would have lost without perot in the rac
especially since there is no evidence that most of his voters were republicans
hey iwishiwasamerma 
didn't perot get something like 15-17%
that's fucking huge for an independent
yes he did
if trump runs as an indie, honestly, i think he'd still win
he wouldn't
i would bet a 1000 dollars
the GOP field is weak as fuck
it's why they still have like 15 candidates running and they're all competing for 2-3%
i dont understand why americans think that there is a need for 3rd party
and clinton can't even beat an old farty socialist from vermont that most of america never heard of until last summer
they say that there isnt enough diversity
what they forget is that there is lots of diversity in both parties
if people wanted different people to rule them, they would have elected them
trump is not going to win general
AtlasB: would you say all lawyers naturally question things or play devil's advocate?
why do you think that SerNemesis ?
a few months ago i was certain that trump's candidacy was a joke
now he's very likely to win the nomination
i wouldnt put anything past him
Sunhappy: net favorability ratings
i'm very curious how it will play out against whatever the democratic candidate is
he could win the republican nomination if they can't get a good opponent
right now his two main opponents are tea partiers (cruz and rubio)
cruz i can't take seriously
and frankly, in the general, i can't see him beating clinton
rubio has that "hope and change" feel about him and americans are still recovering from the nausea induced from the last young senator with little experience and lots of hype
anyone interested in growing out their hair, i will be trying the inversion method starting tonight and i will report back in 1 week
with the results
once we get to general debates, that will be VERY clear against clinton
thewhatnow
it doesn't matter
the inversion method
thewhowhat
i am
trump has already improved in his polls against clinton, i dont see why he wouldnt surpass her
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html
massage hair w/ oil for a few mins, invert head for 4 mins
i heard of that method
i heard it helps wiht oil
yeah
then your hari grows at least one inch in the week
trump can beat clinton in the debates and general election voters will see him as cray
fancy. uwot
but you can only do it once a month
yas pls results!
DO IT ALL THE DAYS
im using castor oil as the oil b/c thats also really good for hair growth
best of luck!
so ive heard
some girls get 2 or even 3 inches in that one week
never tried
i tried that once or twice. my hair came in thicker but not longer
giggity
ive also been taking biotin and my diet is great so the conditions are right
im just hoping for the 1 inch
never heard of that! sounds interesting 
yas pls. trying to grow hair at least another 8", want it down to my tailbone-ish
I'm trying to grow my hair out too
I'd love to hear how it works for you
my hair is like waist length but its curly so it looks shorter 
i will let you guys know tonight how the first time goes
if anyone is on
nice goals little_red_ 
im aiming for waist length this year
well really by the summer
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/ARKae9rEnc7Hn-NsKl85yfHBbKpQN55LzHakhIpI11yP_bWiHnc-NGc/
do want
so if the inversion method works then ill be set!
gl camille!
thanks you too ^_^
ill probably do it in 2 hours, after dinner
SerNemesis: can I post this in r/AM?
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/6161691.stm
 
lol witzie
" The conclusion of all this scientific endeavour is that about 60% of Indian men have penises which are between three and five centimetres shorter than international standards used in condom manufacture." 
go for it
you can join me in being banned from r/AM
good thing stereotypes are only cuz the big bad media
i watched a lot of video reviews of it, theres one where a girls hair does legitiamtely grow 3 inches
in the 1 week
she used some special mix of oils 
lol there was the hamsteriest post on AM about penis size
such wishful thinking
.addterm Lonny'sblackGF http://i.imgur.com/06urfUD.gifv
i always think thats a bunch of malarkey
but yeah it's true that indian men in india have smaller penises
i hope its srs bsns though
doesn't really apply to those in america
she measured her hair before and after on camera
showed her scalp 
What mechanism would cause castor oil to grow hair
to show there were no extension
stimulates blod flow
and triggerse the stage of hair growth, starts with an a
I think I'm already banned from AM
gottat look it up
you were banned for what?
would I get banned from aznidentity SerNemesis ?
but basically the blood brings the nutrients to he hair
and they are pushed in to the stage of growth
i'd report you
and then your hair grows
lol
and they'd probably delete it
shameon you
for obvious reasons
Lol
not sure about banning
what obvious reasons
its relevant
to asians
i bet it's the tilting upside down and massaging that helps the most 
how is it relevant to asian-americans?
anagen 
Why are you trying to be Asian witzie ?
oh wait
i guess it is
we can go back to asia
and beat up our small-dicked cousins
omg
that is awesome
yeah the inversion is also about blood flow 
Lonny'sblackGF is seriously hot
drok: I want to post this in the asian masculinity sub
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/6161691.stm
OMG! https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42lbdj/my_25m_wife_26f_has_had_lice_for_almost_a_year/
oh man, they'd tar and feather you
yeah Lonny_Z she is
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42nx8w/dont_let_external_ideas_poison_your_relationships/czc254r?context=3
what is this nonsense
A: Set her on fire.
 /post
eww
that is so gross southernpetite 
ugh witzie did they even read what you said
I know!
WHO CARES ABOUT THE MISINFORMATION
Oh yeah, that doesn't look like it would go over well
I'm traumatized enough having to deal with it when I was a kid
YOUR WIFE IS WILLINGLY LETTING HER SCALP BE INFESTED
WILLINGLY
if her friends all have "marriages falling apart" they're probably not good influences anyway Camille 
WHY IS THIS ACCEPTABLE 
ugh she si so gross
i almost threw up reading that
exactly little_red_!
shave her head at night
dontbe sorry
i mean really
my dad almost did that to me
dont they sell shampoos for lice
how lazy is this woman
order it on amazon
yes, yes they do
SerNemesis: what marriages have lower divorce rates, AMWF or WMAF?
"I'm normally a fan of sitting down and calmly talking about problems but when you have BUGS IN YOUR GOD DAMN HAIR AND WONT DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT WE ARE WAY PASSED CALM TALK TIME"
lold
witzie: nice post :)
i think you just have to comb it out with a special shampoo 
you have have it professionally taken care of at hospitals and certain kinds of salons as well
thanks madscilove 
my life's gotten so much better since I decided (with this relationship) to just not talk to my friends about it
i would not let her into the house until all of the bugs were gone
"everything's great and we're very happy together" is basically all anyone needs to know
that is so disgusting
nice madscilove :)
no idea
lol camille
witzie yeah the only reason she interpreted your post as "throw away all of your friends" is because thats the RP advice we'd give her based on her friend group 
they probably didn't go away the first time because they didn't properly handle the rest of the house, i.e. putting sheets pillows, etc. on high heat on the dryer
iirc interracial marriages in general have somewhat higher divorce rate
*rates
he needs to get hte house professionally cleaned and not let her even walk on the lawn until her hair is 100% clean
but when you put an asian in it, then it might be less
those are bugs!
you are who you surround yourself with
if your friends are a bad influence i dont see anything wrong with getting rid of them
looks like AMWF is way worse
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/AlG9isNn/
but i also put my relationship with A before any and all things
of course little_red_ but witzie wasnt telling every woman to get rid of all of their friends
that's no good for children
have to take that into consideration with the "AMWF is perfect" hamstering
"Any pairing that occurred between Asian men and white females had a 59 percent higher chance of ending up in divorce in comparison to white male and white female couplings."
no i know, im just saying that if it came to that i still wouldnt have issue
"Couples which consisted of an Asian woman and a white husband had a 4 percent higher chance of ending in divorce compared to white man and white woman pairings."
who says AMWF is perfect?
asian men
lol
i thought witzies post was very well written and im not sure how its being misinterpreted
I would argue WMWF is perfect in america
ugh im still thinking about hte bugs
i of course wonder what kind of sample they're looking at
literal bugs crawling in your hair for a year
breeding
lol
ack
A YEAR
KNOWNGLY
WILLINGLY
eww
im so uncomfortable
AMWF marriages have been almost nonexistant historically
she needs professional help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Dd1KbujrWE
i dont know how she could be okay with a literal infestation on her hair
maybe sunnie marriages
blurrghghggh
right
she fits nicely into those stats
no
yeah
stop
i needed a trigger warning
why 
THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU LET FAMILIES OF LICE BREED ON YER CRANIUM
i clicked out fast but i am still scared
scarred
lol
ugh
not kidding that is gross
lol
no gross things in irc haha
ewewewewew
NO ONE CLICK ON THE LINK
and the more older couples will probably involve low-class women
how long was that after little_red_?
a year?
since back in the day it wasn't exactly normal for white women to marry other races
alternatively, asian men are just beta and don't hold attraction
and/or white women get tired of the small dong 
well then why do black men do so badly?
idk i just remember seeingi the video and i had no idea it could get that bad
lol
WHO LETS IT GET THAT BAD
they go to jail?
LOL
what the absolute f
lol now i'm curious
anyway i will do my part to turn that stat around
assuming i don't find a cute south or east asian
youd feel it on your head after a while 
how could he still ahve sex with her
wtf
Why would you deliberately create a hapa son 
that would kind of mess up my attempts to fight back against the racial stats
a reverse hapa AtlasB 
yeah im sorry no
bugs all up in her hair
he'll be so much more confident in the SMP with a race-winner dad
LOL
"My white wife has told me she'd never marry a white man, and in fact is almost comically prejudiced against white people sometimes. And though I'm fairly certain she loves me, I do get the idea that I'm also a box she has ticked off her identity checklist."
lolol
I bet this is a big part too 
self hating white women
lol
he said if she touched him with her hair he was immediately not in th emood anymore
lol
for all your hate on self hating asian women 
is there a list of all the RPW ECs?
i mean jesus christ dude force your woman to treat her hair
I feel like this is a blind spot
nah
10:23 PM <madscilove> my life's gotten so much better since I decided (with this relationship) to just not talk to my friends about it
even feminists would be like "yeah i get that"
if she likes me cause she has a thing for indian guys
why would i complain?
Actually I find "talking about your problems" to exacerbate them
And friends just cheer you on 
do white guys complain that asian women love them?
yep. it kind of poisons the well of your friends' opinion of your relationship. they mean well, trying to be on "your side"
but that's why I don't vent to them. 
indian guys are quick to jump on the bandwagon that an indian girl has bad character for liking white guys though
thats why i love rpw <3
i dont know any rpw irl
i don't think venting helps but it is nice having that one trusted friend to confide in if and when needed
impossible to try to relation regarding relationships
relate*
but not on the silly day to day "he made me :(!! " passing thoughts that may occur
i do think it can be hard to determine sometimes the friends that will level with you on counsel, like the ladies here in chat, or the gfs that just are #teamwomen
A's mom and I are actually very close and I make it a point  to never say anything negative  or "incriminating" about A with her
I had a "trusted friend" I confided in and I found out she told a near stranger my h abused me and towards the general end of our friendship expressed disdain and hatred for my h
most of my friends are team women, no matter what the situation is. so i can't get objective advice from them
:0
oh dang
yes'
Sunhappy theres no public list but off the top of my head, the ECs that matter: Nats, Stingray, little_red_, aZombieKitten, coochq, eatplaycrush, scallopkid
ah
such a short list.
race-traitoring against asians is bad-character
the question is how do you get you friend to stop publicly complaining/PA-ly insulting her H
where is scallopkid btw?
longtime no see
maybe theres a handful more but they are teh people who consistently give good advice 
do you not think a white girl who likes nonwhites is indicative of bad character?
no
you don't think coal burners have bad character
Ah, I remember being so excited when I got my EC flair.
yeah. TRP has so many ECs in comparison. i was just noticing that
We're also much smaller.
true
according to team-asian-male axioms, race-traitoring by asian women is bad character
fleetingwish is EC she is good 75% of the time
race loyalty by asian women is good character
okay looking at the list now
race-traitoring towards asian men by white women is also good character
quite simple really
seems like if asian men have such a hard time, asian women are helping by breeding the asian out of their gene pool
by going with white men
if it harms team-asian-male it is bad character
ladylumen,catsorgetout = also good
coal burners???
if it helps team-asian-male it is good character
WingN who is nataliyalochergova?
aw, I like catsorgetout whenever I see her on ppd
no madscilove they're only creating hapas with white dads which makes things worse
cats is lovely
she's in PPD sometimes too
yeah
I always find myself nodding along to her comments
yes SerNemesis  but the hapa boy swill die childless
and the hapa girls will further dilute the asian genes
into pure whiteness
so it'll work out great
Natalia was a manosphere commenter
bakerofpie,inkedpink,pinkacetometophin (<--spelled wrong), sierrasecho, blondiebrownie
I can't remember her identity there
haha
Basically, do you point out a friend's destructive behavior or just watch it happen? 
do any of them post at all anymore? they are all ECs
Awww so many ladies come 
Gone")*
i know :(
sierrasecho used to be in irc all the time
i point it out and them leave them alone southernpetite 
is bakerofpi still around?
otherwise you get called a bitch
I haven't seen her
oh katnessgranger is EC and good people
or insecure
lol camille
southernepetite: It depends how close I am with her and how much I care about her.
omg remember Tot??
i thought i was becoming friends wiht a girl at work so i offered advice but she said i went too far
if she's very important to me, I'll point out problematic behavior. 
lol
another girl said that she appreciated my views but it's too traditional
if she's an acquaintance or I don't care, I'll just leave it alone
decreasing the numbers of asian males isn't helping team-asian-male
jadecat, klaifrai,aineofknockaine, frozen strawberry, tinted lipbalm
also good contributers
so there are a lot Sunhappy 
a lot more than i thought!!
team-asian-male is about propagating asian males
i usually see the same names
coal burner is a woman who goes for black men, im pretty sure
even ore im just not going to spam the sub 
the room i mean
w/ all their names
but why would you do that, if they have such a hard time in the SMP?
we;re going to redo the flairs anyways
slowly but surely over the year
yeah i'm looking forward to all the sub updates
re advice Sunhappy if people ask me for advice i dont hold back, otherwise i agree w/ what madscilove said
(devils advocate, I don't actually have a problem with asians)
lol
southernpetite i mean
i just did autocomplete my bad
no worries
why would white women race-traitoring towards asian men be good character?
in my exp, which has not been fun, when i don't hold back, i get burned a lot
i have a hard time wrapping my head around that
it takes a lot for me to speak up around all these super dominant women
id rather give someone my .02 and have them hate me for it than sugar coat it and really do nothing to better their situation
it's not any better character than asian girls race traitoring
its probably worse character
really?
since they divorce so much more
you don't mind being hated?
it's not very kind to their future children
i used to work upstairs with a few women who didnt like me because i didnt agree with things they did or they didnt agree with me
Sunhappy: She's my BF from HS. A good person, but she has always had a competitive attitude towards men for some reason, and now that she's a SAHM all she does is complain, whine about how SAHMs aren't appreciated, and publicly tags her H in the annoying FB posts about the 50 billion things men should do to keep their wife happy.
they would make comments about why i didnt MAKE A do x or y
but are they asian males
if they're hapas?
http://www.returnofkings.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/indian-race-troll.jpg
when i told them he would literally laugh in my face and that i would never even want to MAKE him do anything they scoffed
i just dont associate with people who would make the sort of decisions that id feel compelled to give harsh advice about
i'm not understanding all the terms
 <little_red_> they would make comments about why i didnt MAKE A do x or y
ah, those comments are always so weird to me
lol yeah
people make those to me. "why don't you MAKE F wear a helmet?!"
probably safest camille
but then i'd have virtually no friends :(
I feel like I'm watching her marriage spiral the drain and she doesn't realize it.
one of my moms friends made a comment about "training" my bf 
...because he's a grown ass man who can make his own decisions. and he doesn't want to.
lol
My rule is just not to engage in that conversation.
yes mad
I just tell them that he's a grown man and makes his own choices
Refuse to respond to anything negative.
and then stop engaging
my friend said you have to train men how to treat you
Or change topics if you can.
like dogs
hapas are treated as asians due to one drop rule
aZombieKitten: yeah, that's the best
yeah that was my response! he isnt a dog 
19:43:16 <filozof> why would white women race-traitoring towards asian men be good character?
but that's not hwat i'm understanding
are hapas asians?
I really don't understand that
i was also working medical billng and one of the ladies was talking about how they are remodeling their home and how she wouldnt LET her husband go t the movies or just sit on the couch and relax because he had work to do on the house
or better yet, do they strengthen the asian gene pool? i'd argue not
because it benefits asian men filozof 
cuz they aren't truly racially asian
i get having renovation work, but LET? seriously?
even from a more BP perspective, why would you want to mother your SO? that's just more work for you
so why are hapas with asian dads considered a benefit?
LET
hapas are neither asian nor white
they're just hapas
hapas are asian
not white
like obama
it benefits the dad Sunhappy 
just because somebody benefits asian men doesnt mean they're good character
white men can make black or asian children 
my friend hacks her bf's social media
these are separate things
and deletes his messages or friends
black or asian men can't make white children
if she doesn't approve
right witzie 
why even be in that relationship
seriously
what is the point
time invested?
filozof since i'm team asian male i define it as good character
Sunhappy> so why are hapas with asian dads considered a benefit?
I don't get that either
i think WingN 's post about sunk cost fallacy is actually way more common
than i realized
Psychotic people, I just can't do.
race traitoring is objectively bad character
hapas with asian dads are just more likely to have divorced parents
so it's probably worse
if you put in 5+ years into a relationship, even if its dysfunctional, you are likely not gonna end it
i dont see why good character would be defined as benefitting asian men, that makes no sense
Sunhappy: wow, that is crazy
so you dont want to leave because 5yrs "Wasted" but you will inevitably break up bc you are mismatched so then it will be "10, 15 , 20 yrs "wasted"
someone can benefit asian men and be stupid or have a bad character
"but then i'd have virtually no friends :(" then you have to improve yourself so that you are higher quality and can attract friends on a higher level 
(no offense to your friend)
eh, i don't understand any of this
it seems deeper than it is
*deeper than necessary
same as w/ girls who arent satisfied w/ their dating options
black dudes get with white ladies cuz they want to brag. the futures of their kids never even factor into it
for the purposes of marriage, i'm pretty sure race traitoring is bad character no matter who is it against
just say you want a white girl cuz you think she's hot
Sunhappy++
all this race stuff is overboard
why would you want to marry a race traitor? the fact that someone has demonstrated the ability to be a traitor means that they have a bad character from an objective standpoint
i am working on being more selective of my friends, so i'm slowing removing certain people
i think you're doing yourself a disservice by defining race traitoring for asian men as good character
most people that I've met don't really give a shit about their race. so "benefitting their race" at the expense of something they want is crazy talk
it might be good, but its not good character
narrowed it down to 2 truly best friends, but i don't see or hang out iwht them often, and my cousin, who's married and has the sort of relationship i'd like
people just fall in love/fuck/knock up people they find appealing
i give a shit about my race in the sense of not wanting to have half-slanted kids
or mulattos
cool
madscilove is half asian
and who wouldnt want her as a daughter
#rude
madscilove: yeah when she told me that, i really didn't know what to say. new levels of crazy. and she said that in front of her bf
i dont understand people who dont mind having kids of a different race, but maybe they grew up in a more diverse environment
D:
but this is the same girl who slapped her bf over Uno, so nothing they do surprises me anymore
lol
witzie: that's cause I'm the good kind of hapa 
the female kind ;)
i'd feel weird to be the odd one with a mixed kid
race is whatever to me
culture/tribe is a bigger deal
but i think asians on reddit just need to chill and get laid. fuck a while girl if you want
yeah, I grew up in the land of "everybody is hapa and mixed with everything" 
so I really don't see the big deal
but don't moralize it into "i'm doing it for my children"
different culture
I guess
like fuck you are
lol
you want white pussy. that's tots okay
everyone does
10:55 PM <Sunhappy> everyone does 
dats racist
haha
lol
i've never met a black guy who didn't want to or hasn't already fucked a white girl
it had nothing to do with "winning" at their race
it was just to say "yo dawg, i fucked a becky. bitch was a starfish but her head game was on that jenna jameson shit"
i know i want white pussy
"woooooooorrrrrrrrdddd???"
"for real son"
but i dont mind black pussy too
Wasn't there some scientific argument made for mixing races. Something having to do with strengthening immune systems and overall stronger genes, since the odds of bad genes doubling up are less? Does anyone know if that info has been refuted or not?
"that's what up. how's your girl, latoya doing?"
"she's good. may wife her"
"congrats, dawg"
seriously
Camille: She hasn't asked for any advice, but mostly because she doesn't see that anything is wrong, or at least not with her anyway. I tried subtly probing about her yelling all the time when her H or kid don't jump to whatever she tells them to do, but it went completely over her head, and she think it's 100% their fault bc if they just did what she said,
then she wouldn't have to. Never mind the fact that the yelling doesn't achieve the results she wants anyway.
latoya lol
:\
reddit asians make me judge asians
if that's how they all may secretly feel
I think that's only how the omega ones feel
Those kind of people are generally unable to be helped.
I know a bunch of asian and hapa men IRL who are totally normal
You first have to acknowledge you have a problem.
successful with the ladies, etc.
so what's the  deal?
I am aware of such studies. Of course I don't think the findings could be considered conclusive yet aZombieKitten
It sucks bc she's awesome except for this one area. I just want to shake her.
That's why I asked if anyone knew if the information drawn from them has been refuted or not yet.
I have this one hapa friend, we've known each other since high school
But it would explain Lonny's personal "Hot Blend" theory
he used to complain about all these young girls only wanting to hook up with him
"but I want a relationship. what's wrong with these people?!"
i'm sure she knows something is wrong with her
whats the theory Lonny_Z ?
it was so funny
nothing has happened to force her to admit that though
I think it comes from a strong desire to be respected, especially by men, but I don't know why she's so preoccupied with it.
Mixed people are hotter witzie, as long as they are opposite enough
I used to think that Lonny_Z 
now I'm not sure
I've seen some really unfortunate looking mixed race people
I think it's kind of luck of the draw
you end up either pretty good looking
or really just "off"
Yes
https://nicolamarven.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/mixedracepeople.png
like this was shown in the national geographic
It is a random theory based on my persoanl bs
to showcase the beauty of mixed race people
Personal*
but they really aren't that good looking
is that black ginger real?
their features are off and offputting
some of them remind me of black albinos
http://www.thumperscorner.com/discus/messages/11222/15499.jpg
Redbone nigger
A lot of those ARE really unfortunate looking.
We had a black abino in my schooo
And there was a black and white pic
Of the class
And whoever I showed  my yearbook to
Asked "who's that a statue of?"
Aw my h has a headache and let me give him "mommy hand" on his forehead
d'aww
And said "I love your little hand on my head " 
11:02 PM <Lonny_Z> Mixed people are hotter witzie, as long as they are opposite enough
I disagree
I think the humans of all races look best note ethnically pure
Blacks too
Awww. :3
I like my humans separate like my food lol
Lol
I like my food all mixed together
Is the separate food thing a Jewish thing
I am not banking on that theory like I do in sanpaku
I have friends that are like that
Do any of have any experience getting cats to not yowl at night? Mine is being an asshole. 
I know really hot mixed people
the similarity between chuck bartowski and jim halpert is a proof that all white people look the same
I have the same food problem.
white peoples looks vary so much more than almost every other race
What theory
whites can be brown haired, red haired, blonde, or black, and all the shades in between
asians blacks and indians only have black hair
and dark eyes
blacks can have brown hair
The ethnic down fference are noticeable purer phenotypes 
while white ppl have blue eyes, green, hazel, brown, black, etc
even light brown, it's just rare
I'm trying to think of non-punishment methods.
In whites 
People can tell people of their own race apart more easily
What's causing the yowling?
and white people can have thin stick straight hair or super curly and still be pure white
Every race is more likely to confuse people outside their race
while asians only have straight hair and blacks only have kinky
blacks don't only have kinky hair
I have no idea. It jst seems like he likes the sound of his own voice.
I think it's objectively easier to tell white people apart
blacks can have hair that varies from 2b to 4z
it depends
i think american blacks vary less than blacks in africa
There are no black with straight silky hair 
In africa
Like white or asian
Chirps all the time, and at night he projects in the bathroom, kitchen, or under my bedroom door.
exactly
no, there isn't. but i dind't say there were
there's kinky and slightly less kinky
Jews barely have it 
If you can't figure out why he's yowling, the old spray bottle of water might help?
and when I open the door, her runs away, of course
to say blacks only have kinky hair would be wrong though
Jews have coarse hair
many of my black gfs don't have kinky hair
Usualky
Alternatively, your best bet may simply be to ignore the behavior. Your attention is a reward.
it varies from wavy to coily
Do they straighten?
i'm the only one of my friends with actually kinky hair
most don't, no.
they all went natural
tried ignoring. it has only gotten worse
Sunhappy what tribal african women do you see with "wavy" hair?
they all douse their hair in oil and stuff
could it be senility?
I'm talking complete natural state
the eritrian or ethiopians
Dies he have a UTI?
they can have naturally wavy hair
i've seen it
I don't believe so
well I'm not saying egyptians/north africans are black
they're arab
ethiopians aren't north african. they're east african
http://nycefm.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/db54bef58b8fd9c5fb07e58c7c6b1dc3.jpg
but this is eritrean hair
This has been going on in spurts for years,  but lately it has been really bad.
that's not kinky hair to me
oh well there's our confusion then
i may have some west african bias though
lol
frizzy I guess?
my hair grows out my scalp and says "fuck you"
AtlasB whats the word
and does whatever
frizzy works, sure
or wiry
from my experience, people of pure race are uglier
This new X-Files deal is painful
maybe it's because they are inbred
what
I don't think I can handle it
filozof I agree
i need to racially enrich my genes
Genetic diversity is prettier
choose some nice exotic girl to marry
i don't even know hwat to do with that
inbred how?
Look how good looking Americans are
All mixedish
Lonny_Z: I KNOW
did you watch the episode last night?
fuck. it was so upsetting
oh really?
the radio said it was amazing
I missed that, I am watching part 2 now
how was it upsetting?
racially pure people are inbred in the sense of not having much genetic diversity
it was just... lame.
they all breed within their tribe
the plot they chose is silly
and, okay, they broke mulder and scully up
and that might be a sore spot 
I want to think that mulder and scully have been off being happy together hunting aliens for the last 10 years
so like
why did they bring this back?
they said because of demand
and I'll admit, I was psyched when I heard they were bringing it back
I'm hopeful it'll get better
but jesus does david duchovny look busted up these days
duchovny is a different person because of age. Gillian Anderson only looks different. The mood is so off.
yes
totally
he kept calling her "dana"
it was like nails on a chalkboard
lol
Duchovny had lost brain cells
what would he call her before?
scully
but, like, affectionately
oh
Can you ask a vet about it?
i thought that was a fan thing lol
I imagine they're trying to show distance between their characters
What happened between this and Californication
i never watched the last one
?
the intro scared me as a child >_>
lolol lonny_Z
idk, I haven't seen californication
the last thing I watched with duchovny was the old xfiles
He is like Harrison Ford, just phoning this in
Or just "off", I dunno
maybe they need the money
or its setting the stage for a spinoff
the x files theme was very terrifying
as a kid
lol david axelrod thinks he's a thought leader 
Lol, I enjoyed the horror it invoked
That theme
posted what was meant to be a scathing oped in the NYT about obama
I will flip a table over if they make an xfiles spinoff
I guess. It just seems more like a behavor ssue than a medical one.
it was a fantastic series, they should just let it die
*behavioral
hey Never_Evil :)
hii Camille ^^
I'm going to try the hunt/groom/sleep thing and see how that goes.
the only show i want them to remake
that i think would be amazing
would be a modern version of MASH
and hii everyone *waves* 
most shows are great because of hte time they were in
so I just read this post on TRP: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42kwk0/feminine_and_masculine/
oh, absolutely
that's another thing that threw me off about the xfiles
MASH doesn't even appeal to me and that is a gross idea
I feel like there's no place for mulder, scully, and the xfiles in 2016
they firmly belong in the 80s
the 80s
I thought it was succinct - the feminine traits were all pretty accurate 
when did the show start?
i thought it was 1994
oh shoot, you're right
Early 90s
late 93
the best show ever made was LOST
the hair just feels so 80s to me
xD
an dyou can't recreate that level of greatness
I started wondering about the masculine traits: I fully realize that they are traits that I'm looking for in an SO
duchovny needs to be put out to pasture
yes
i mean the level of suspense....ugh, so good
And Scully is no longer a true hotty
was....was she ever hot?
duchovny was so hot, it's like his face melted
i would rather have never seen this
it's like rewatching friends. what was so special about rachel?
They should have gotten young bastards instead, imagine the uproror
but I also started to wonder if those traits are ideal for a "dominant" woman? 
nostalgia is strong
Lol uproar*
i wish they never did this
yes
i.e., for a 'dominant' RPW who is 'psychologically feminine'? 
I think the nostalgia is just too strong
anything they do now is going to fuck it up
that's true of a lot of old shows
well yall watch and let me know how it goes
There is no way it can recover from this
Watch the old version
Still good
although fuck the 8th and 9th seasons
The cinematography lacks all darkness
fucking doggett and whatsherface
It is like the SD era was good for x-files
im not liking this post so far actually
but stillr eading
This bright HD cinematography makes it look like the modern FOX Crap that it is
not saying that it's an A++ post - just that the traits they listed seemed fairly accurate
they could use filters if they wanted to
This is the worst
i do not think that any woman "dominant" or otherwise should strive to be like the masculine men that the OP described
They could use actual cinematography, not this high key crap
oh?
probably too expensive
no, women should not strive to be like men
Network channels are committing suicide in many ways, but making every show have the same look is one of them
I understand that
what is your fav show right now?
CBS has the worst look ever
lol
The Knick went off the air
Now I have no favorite show
im not a fan of the post at all but just answerin your question
feminism has convinced women that male virtues/positive traits are actually universal ideals 
RPW are feminine, they embody the feminine traits in that post, yes? 
the Walkind Dead jumped the shark but I will still watch
and that female virtues/positive traits are bad
 a large percentage of rpw are trying to become more feminine
either only psycologically as it relates to their men
or in general with actions, thoughts, words spoken, interests, appearance, etc
id say 85% of women are in the process of one of those 2 transformations
I'm not disagreeing with anything you've just said 
You're right - rpw are trying to become more feminine - in every way
omg
i fucking loved the Knick
i can't believe it's ending
the masculinity portion of this post just lists some positive alpha and beta traits and talks about them in a general way, its nothing new at all
TWD i'm totally over
not all rpw are trying to become more feminine in every way though 
how did rick get out of  the RV??? the writing is just lazy and redundant
true
some are only interested in improving their relationship dynamic through psycolofical femininity
so i wouldnt say that all rpw are feminine or trying to become feminine 
i love the good wife
the plot is kind of soap opera-like
but its still a great show
again, true - which means
i think its writers make really good philosophical points
or rather - does that mean some rpw embody some of the masculine traits described in the post?
Yeah, walking dead is horrible but I will still watch it
Not nearly as horrible as this new x-files
im not using that post as any sort of guide or referenece or authority. there are women who are more male brained who as a result naturally have more masculine traits. there are also women who have become more masculinised and operate with the mentality that male traits are better and the ideal so whether they have them or not they strive to have them 
and so their actions or thoughts or words can be more masculine, if that makes sense
makes sense. There are also women who just strive to improve and be the best they can be for their SO. What exactly does it mean to be 'male-brained'?
i dont like the post because things like integrity, focus, confidence, direction,stability, etc can all be good in women they just manifest themselves differently and arent automatically male traits imo. he clarified what he meant but some the words themselves are not tied to a specific gender
well thats no tthe only reason i dont like the post but just ne
Right! Integrity, focus, confidence, and the other traits you mentioned can all be good in women and manifest themselves differently - this is what I was trying to figure out
thanks :)
you could easily say: a good woman has integrity, she is honest with her man and loyal, she is confident about the aspects of herself that deserve confidence, she has direction in her life, makes choices with care and purpose, etc
exactly.
but the way that he wrote it is for men and therefore not what women should wan tto emulate
makes sense.
"Flow - Like clouds across the sky - like a ballet dancer. Like a tinder date that shows up in a corset and ballet shoes and glides across your hardwood floors. Grace."
lol
yea, well - idk, the whole "Flow" concept has been popular in the media lately :p
Everyone loves you ZingMaster !!!!
has it? i uqoted that because of the weird tinder reference
haha awww thanks for white lies, Lonny_Z  <3
to talk about a tinder girl showing up only in a corset and then to put the word grace after it
its silly
now, does this comforter make my butt look big?
and to mention tinder in a section on feminine women at all is silly
haha, yea, it's this whole 'zen' mindset thing - a state where you're totally engaged and in the present and driven
and lool
12:03 AM <Camille> "Flow - Like clouds across the sky - like a ballet dancer. Like a tinder date that shows up in a corset and ballet shoes and glides across your hardwood floors. Grace."
It makes you look like Jabba the Hut
Whut
thats what im saying WingN 
i just dont like the post and every time i reread it i find more reasons not to 
aha. Another lie. Caught ya
again - I only pointed out the post because it had a list of traits I tend to read often in relation to alpha/beta/RPW
also Never_Evil there are plenty of masculine men who dont hae the traits that he lists
Lol, so looking like Jabba the Hut is better!?
he is writing a post about greater betas
discipline, stability, awareness, focus, vs doing whatever you want whenever you want 
yup, totally true
beta vs alpha 
hm.
traits not men
ooh. that's a distinction I never knew.
Depends which city I'm in, I guess haha
there are alpha men who have those other traits but the traits themselves are not alpha 
active channel tonight?
nah
discipline + focus aren't alpha traits?
Did you ever watch x-files?
discipline as defined by him 
"this means doing the right things even when you do not want to. It means leg day no matter if your calf is cramping. It means fuck motivation (which comes and goes), it means you do something because it is what you need to be doing."
that's discipline.
right?
ooh
hmm.
doing something even if you dont want to can be good, but that doesnt make it alpha
the struggle and sacrifice and all of htat is masculine and good and leads to great things but 
one sec trying to figure out how to phrase things
okay, np 
WingN can probably do it better
im just paraphrasing her
i want to say something about FTO 
very rarely, I did
Jillian has aged well in The Fall
That was like ten years ago
duchovny has aged worse
He is acting like a robot now
he seriously lookslike his face melted
okay so basically he is painting the picture of a very specific type of man
there are a lot of masculine guys who dont have stability, financial independence, or direction
truue, ok, i think i'm starting to see what ur saying
plenty of gang members/leaders, criminals, and just poor people in general as an example
and women are attracted to them, because they have other masculine traits not covered in the post
"You are aware of the internal politics at work and know what's what. You are aware of our global financial and political situation."
not all men are aware of this stuff
its not a requirement to be masculine and attractive to women to be aware of politics and the global financial situation
more examples: musicians, bikers
dragoness we were all talking about how smelly you are
I'm sure you were the main instigator 
hes describing a specific type of responsible adult who works, pays taxes, follows laws, gets things done, etc. all of which is great 
lol
True - but masculine men usually know the value of being "aware" of the present situation, no matter what the situation it - is "being aware" not a 'neutral' trait? 
situation is*
yeah maybe they are aware but again i dont see how you cant say "a good woman is aware, she is concerned about her safety and the safety of her family, she pays attention to her image and how she represents her man" 
"she keeps herself up to date with the type of information that best pertains to her lifestyle"
You can, that's my point tho
yeah
thats why i dont like this post haha
aah, okay, lool
so basically - it sounds like the post does a bad job of outlining what real 'masculine' traits are
he does a good job describing a specific type of person, who could be masculine 
depending on their worldview, interests, actions, etc
you can want freedom, have passions, be logical, and stable and confident and everything else and be a feminist, leftist, man who values equality in relationships and in all aspects of life
Yup
i hope i did your ideas justice WingN lol
alpha, beta and omega are such useful terms Never_Evil i dont like how he just discounted them at the start
completely understood, thanks Camille :)
of course!
...I still feel like the whole 'male-brained' concept is elusive to me - I don't want a male brain, but I do want to understand what traits a 'male-brained' RPW possesses - I'm a psych specialist in uni, lol, so I tend to try and understand these things :p
I Am extremely male brained 
Read atlas_b_shruggin's post history. lol
Loo
Jinx
hii wingnut 
and lifterofthings, haha - i'll check that out
I'm pretty man-brained too. idk if it's to the same extent as wingn, but it's close.
so what do you both things makes you 'male-brained'? what does that mean to you?
both think* makes
Systematizing
Both lot and I are intjs
Have you ever taken baron Cohen's eq/sq test
Or his aspergers quotient
yaay intjs~~ I haven't heard of the Cohen's eq - i'll google it - link tho?
I score 68 on systematizing
And 11 on empathizing
I'm getting ready for bed I'll be
Eqsq?
Sqeq?
.allterms
Thought I was going to sleep but I'm not tired yet. That post is a disaster
this? http://personality-testing.info/tests/EQSQ.php 
hii phantondream :)
Yeh
Systematized?
Systematizer?
oh heeeyy, i found the same one ^^
Whats your mbti
Ill be back
enfp
ok~
i'll take the test in the meantime
What does it say about me that it pisses me off that all these questions are phrased in the negative? :p
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42oiew/found_my_25_f_boyfriends_porn_28f_and_im_disgusted/ 
bleh
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42oiew/found_my_25_f_boyfriends_porn_28f_and_im_disgusted/
ick
ew
for real
Ew.
thats pretty uncool
thats pretty uncool
idk if I could stay with him
she says amy is unaware her BF does this, but she can't know that. I could just as easily be amy who told him she was a porn star
There'd be no more friendsies with her, that's for damn sure.
I really wouldn't give a shit if amy knew or not
yeah
her not knowing doesn't make it any better 
how so
the issue is the bf
bein a major ho
I think that'd be an important point
right
I'm not under any illusion about the fact that my bf jerks it to his female friends and mine.
But if he had porn collections of any of them, I'd be squicked the fuck out
how is he being a ho?
the problem is him jacking off to a girl he spends a lot of time with
he's being inappropriate
because he jerks off to his friend?
lol i got like a 6 on the systemising part and i want to say 79 for EQ but i may have made that up
to porn of his friend
yeah
ill take it again right now
who he has had sex with multiple times?
yeah
that's odd
he's got an inappropriate sexual fixation on a girl that is in his life
that's not his gf
not ok
PhantomDream: which post?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42oiew/found_my_25_f_boyfriends_porn_28f_and_im_disgusted/czbuqvt
I think that would be a more coherent way of taking issue with it
I think almost all of a males friends are usually failed sexual attempts and men fantasize about them regularly
and further
I got 57 on systematizing and 19 on empathizing
if she was a FWB he enjoyed, of course he as a man is going to fantasize or reminice about the fact that he was fucking a porn star
who happens to be his bff
I can understand where he's coming from, but it's still not okay
idk. Is poring over the details of how wireless communication works really a thing that people do?
I mean, I'm interested, but I'm not going to research obsessively.
my favorite metric for that sort of thing is, "would you tell your SO about what you're doing? if the answer is no, you probably shouldn't be doing it."
The one you were talking about earlier--- mac and female traits
hmm
interesting
I don't think he'd like it if OP orgasmed multiple times a day every day for YEARS to videos of her ex boyfriend
that's just not cool
Sorry on phone
becaue if you feel compelled to hide the thing, it's probably because you know it would upset your SO
to be fair, he wasn't hiding anything
it was his porn
.context
if she never asked to see his porn, well...
There are also some that are like "if you bought a camera, would you research the lens?"
And I was like "why the fuck would I buy a camera?"
it's still inappropriate
whats inappropriate?
I would probably be upset as well 
susandeath: you
you're inappropriate
susandeath: a guy jerking off regularly to porn of his female friend
no you are
Yeah I didn't understand why anyone would choose to pick a product without doing at least some res3arch
oooh thats a bit close to home
 https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42oiew/found_my_25_f_boyfriends_porn_28f_and_im_disgusted
it just ruins it
Hahaha lifter
how could I lookat him the same way
yeah
feel the same utter oblivious stupid-in-love
I never could
it would be ruined
all I'd see is the guy who jerks off to his ex every day for years
The bf has curtailed this impulse in me
how can you love that
this is like the guy who found out his gf posted about how sex with a fling was better
yeah
what they did wasn't the worst thing ever
When he bought the truck I was like "let me research all the trucks!"
but it murders the relationship
yeah
it's not like cheating
and then one day he came home and went "I picked a truck", and that was the end of it.
but the relationship is murdered
I mean, its not technically as bad as cheating
this chick wants to work it out though
tbh, I could get over the porn thing if he stopped doing it
I respect that
My mom is enfp and my mind has always been alien to her
it would take a couple months
Idk if I could
he's done it for years
what makes you think he'll actually stop it?
Tho it's very compatible with enfp
I couldn't trust that
just yuck
It's a nice truck and all... but doesn't he want to know how it stacks up re: gas mileage or safety ratings to other comparables?
yeah, that's the thing. I would have trust issues with him
My mom's enfp too. She's married to an intj tho.
I like doing research on purchases, but I'll be darned if I ever study my investment statements
and probably feel compelled to check his browsing history. and he'd feel compelled to hide it
super unhealthy
EQ = 76 SQ = 9
probably not worth it at that point
So I think she is used to the way I think, even if she thinks I'm fucking nuts sometimes.
Its a good match
(those were my results i just retook the test)
Wow Camille opposite me
judging from her explanation of his character, he'd stop
my mom's entj, so my mind has been alien to her in the past - we're much better at communicating now, haha
Eq was 56 for me and systems: 15
I have other masculine nized traits besides SQ 
But that's generally man brainedness
So unremarkable in both haha
nice PhantomDream :)
Well, the scales are 80s
and yeah lol WingN we are inverses of each other sometimes!
I think you can get over trust issues
So both results are pretty significant
they just take time and effort from both parties
she has to be willing to try trust him
lol 9/80!
and he needs to be extra transparent
i totally failed
yeah
I just went back and read
I understand why people get offended but I don't generally care that they are
I don't think it's a failure, necessarily. :p
they've been together for 4 years
that's probably worth trying to save
ONLY
I used to care more. tbh I think participating in RPW and TRP has made me more man-brained and less empathetic.
if she can actually forgive
and this is why people shouldn't snoop in their partner's stuff
Now instead of wondering why people are offended I just figure it's because they're retarded
if she is gonna uses this as a bargaining chip
lol
Yup
Haha I'm female of course I failed :0)
its gonna be an issue
you'll probably find someone that upsets you if you look hard enough
and I agree
intereting lifterofthings its made me more empathetic
Women can do nothing right
more aware of the different thouht processes that lead people to make bad decisions
privacy is important for a reason
to be fair, she was not snooping
I have trouble regarding things as "bad decisions", tbh.
yes she did
even if i disagree with how people lead their lives before they come to the sub i am better able to understand them 
Trip has actually made me more empathetic to women 
okay, eq is 51 and sq is 29, lol
she went into his history (for a legitmate reason) then decided to see what porn he liked
I've been so team man
that part was snoopy
and my desire to help them is only amplified by the greater understanding
Thats v balanced
and unnecessary
Probably healthy 
if he's watching the same porn of his ex every day for years that snooping is justified
thats nextable
thanks? :)
no she didn't. She used his computer because hers was broken, she needed a tab back so she opened thehistory and it was auto-sorted to "most viewed"
easily
Never_Evil did you say you were enfp? i am too!
the porn was his most viewed tab
yeah, but she didn't have to click it
you're just the interim gf while she's unavailable
Blowing is enfp too
It's made me regard women as more child-like.
she said she clicked to see what the porn star looked like
curiousity
yay!
that's the kind of info that's, ya know, good to know
yaay! 
I love enfps
Objectively speaking I would classify any decision that prevents you from achieving your goal (s) to be a 'bad decision'
you're second choice
I mean, I suppose
They make me fun
if he got the chance he'd drop her for amy in a heartbeat
^_^
I guarantee it
oh i watched episode 2 of abfab WingN 
lol, and i enjoy getting to know intj - they're like puzzles, haha
agreed PhantomDream 
RP made me see women as more childlike
lol, so cynical. 
lol
Trpers put me back on team won an a bit
did you see what i just said? :p
I'm actually kind of waffling on my opinion of this now
it's entirely possible he likes them both just fine
Hah lol
kinda like women like dicks just fine ;)
madscilove> she went into his history (for a legitmate reason) then decided to see what porn he liked
yes agreed re more childlike, but to me thats not a bad thing, and it only makes me care more
i agree
if his relationship of amy is as above-board as she says it is, and they never hang out alone
female nature is female nature
No it isn't 
then maybe it's not that big of a problem and the problem is her snooping
I care for some of them. idk.
We we're just watching pulp fiction
like if you are using someone else's pc then you need to be extra aware of their privacy
And fabienne
I mean, it's not a good thing to do
on his end
but
she didnt have to click on it
Butchs French gf
yeah
oh yes
The genuine feelers who just want everyone to be happy, I empathize with.
who wants the baby
Is so sweet and feminine and childlike
to me, he sounds like a good, honest BF who just really gets off to his FWB being a porn star
definitely!
Like an angel
what he's doing is not appropriate
The cunty ones who want to strongarm everyone into their version of happy, I would like to die.
If I'm getting off to copious amounts of porn of my ex every day and my boyfriend finds out and is upset, that's not his fault it's mine!
but I don't think he's a deviant in any way
Yeh lol
architect: I think I agree with you
I actually try to be more like her
To my h
I think what he is doing is inappropriate
and I dont think its good for their relationship
oh i defintiely dont like women who have a lot of negative female traits or a lot of male traits and no other redeeming qualities lifterofthings 
they are both wrong in my opinion
naw he's wrong 
I mean, if you fucked some guy you idolize, are you not going to remember it and shlick to it often?
SP and me have eachothers passwords
especially if you loved it
Lolol
he's free to snoop
and if he finds me being shady
thats MY fault
Is being controlling necessarily a masculine trait?
i hate modern, feminist women as an example, but im still empathetic to their issues and want to help and watn them all to find true love and be happy forever
Women don't do that
ME
It's so... pervasive in women, these days.
will the real slim shady, please stand up?
i think it can be masculine or it can be mothering
No it's a n out of control mother trait
all ya other slim shadies are just immitatin
Imo
So many childless women 
Treating the world 
Like their child
^
Someone needs to volunteer to impregnate these things
Without male balance
witzie: SP and me have eachothers passwords <- true love
Lolol
So they can go control elsewhere
dude i fucking bawled at some retarded commercial for huggies the other day, on youtube.
I'm masculine and not controlling 
i'm losing my mind
Its interesting 
Awww
Hormones
>=(
I was simultaneously so touched
And so pissed at myself for being such a little bitch
lol
I have all my h passwords because I have to tell him what they arec
And sign up for him 
Lol
alright, im logging out  - 1am rn, 8am class tmrw - thanks again--I seriously appreciate this community so much, y'all are the best ^_^ <3 goodnight!!
take care!
when sp visits he uses my laptop all day while I'm at work
Night
you too!
the stuff he'd find in my history..jeez
gnight all!
haha
I wonder if hes looked
We need an irc announcemwnt
i put one in the stickied post WingN 
Thats what s fucked up
but im pretty sure no one read it haha
what is
You end up looking at so much shady shit
Unintentionally
what if we post another simple q megapost tomorrow
yeah lol
and then include teh irc reminder
like todcon
And how to the explain?
Lol
that asktrp guy who found craiglist in his gfs history
that way more people will read it since theres not a huge amount of words to skip over
I have definitely surfed all corners of craigslist out of curiosity
lol
woah, i just saw bf's still logged in. lol.
nothing nefarious at all
he hasn't even been home in like... 3 days
hell, I've got okc in my history from clicking links people here give me
but I think mr terper dumped her for it
yeah
I have throwaway okc accounts
I even looked at a fetlife page
it could look pretty bad lol
the okc accounts were only to look at other peoples ofc
yeah
witzie: I even looked at a fetlife page <- pretty innocent but for witzie its like bukkake porn
I used to look at all the sex ad parts of craigslist
for lols
the sex ads just make me sad
they're funny to me
because then i imagine really ugly people banging
idk
plus all the links from reddit and irc
some pretty wild stuff
yeah madscilove 
its entertaining
and the section where people rant
so many crazies
yeah!
I love craigslist
haha
See, I'd more afraid of someone reading like, some crazy sub and thinking it represents me entirely
Id make a separate reminder
as far as snooping goes
Whens he coming home?
my city's craigslist kind of died
all the women left
ah, F knows me pretty well by this point. I doubt he'd be surprised by anything he found on my computer
so you just get missed connections for women
yeh madscilove I'm benching on that
I have lists of poisons used to kill people bookmarked
tons of weird shit
but point is I'm not looking at porn of an ex every day
that'd be over a lone
right
over the lone
ranger
dugga dow dow
new series 
on HBO
wednesday or thursday, depending on whether they finish up while there's still daylight on weds.
er, one day more. thurs or fri
oh yeah, when your pregnant, your memory also turns to shit
you're
fuck
how many weeks along are you now?
16 as of weds.
okie a seperate reminder it is :)
when can you find out gender?
they do an ultrasound between 18-22 weeks-- mine's not scheduled yet, but they can usually tell then
I should quit my new kitchen job
if the parasite will cooperate
exciting, so soon!
why?
our child's already a pain in the dick. when they went to do the nuchal translucency, it would almost turn to the right position, like it was teasing us... and then it'd roll over
you should beat it
took the techs almost 2 hours. my lower abdomen felt thoroughly tenderized by the end
discipline starts early
it doesn't really pay well for the amount of time it takes up
show that fetus whos boss
lol
and it's cutting into the time I could be using for my other work
which actually does pay well
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42o84c/im_22f_sort_of_new_at_work_my_coworker_mid_30sm/
demand a raise
or tell them you're peacing
yeah
well then yeah mads you should quit it
that would be a stronger power play
more worth your time
might as well, right?
they move around so much. it's nuts. it was like, bouncing off the inside of my uterus with its legs. the movements were so sharp i thought it had hiccups or something
basically
fortunately for me, it's still too small for me to feel these things
I wonder what gets someone thinking
this woman doesnt like me
let me lie down naked in front of her cubicle
that will change her mind
she definitely gonna marry me now
lol, why would that be in /r/relationships?
that's most certainly not a relationship
maybe it's just like asking for a raise before you quit your job
its a work relationship
r/relationships has a tag for "personal issues" too
madscilove: LOL
those are usually solo
hail marry
hahaha
yes
im gonna post some /r/relationships posts then
i have some shit and I need answers
"she already doesn't like me. I can give up... or show her my weiner THEN give up!"
"oh wow, I didn't know your dick was SO big"
"i bet putting it in my would give me jello legs"
i may be afk for the night or just for a bit so goodbye all just in case! 
SOUP
CEREAL
BURRITOS 
OATMEAL
you're fucked up aZombieKitten 

You miss are quiet. What is everyone doing?
Lol, I wrote nigs and it auto corrected to "miss"
I'm prepping for bed.
Oh Yea? What do you do before bed?
I'm just chilling and listening to some ASMR. Extra prep tonight, though, since I start a new job tomorrow.
hmm. I find ASMR useful for getting to sleep because I use ny PC right up until going to bed
PIZZA
that conversation is over...
nah, I can see it on my screen without scrolling up
still current!
just give it up ok
you were busy buying pizza without getting any for us
#sorrynotsorry
your IRC RMV is ---- right now
too much alpha?
please dont go cheat on me with a hot beta
too much pizza
with no share share
I actually didn't order pizza
I was going to two hours ago
then got size tracked
and now it's late
*side tracked
jeez
lol
McDonalds got order machines here
so you can talk to less humans
boo
intros are taking over the world
I know right?
that's basically what I thought
and to be honest, it's not that much better
I walked into a bank once and went to the teller, and she led me to one of those "indoor atms" that are replacing bank tellers
LOL "let me lead you to the machine created to obsolete my job"
and showed me how to use it, as though a lack of tech knowledge was the only possible thing that sent me to the human and not the machine
ikr!
we have those too
I feel like it takes longer
except that the thing they use to accept hte bills if you need to make a deposit can only accept a couple bills at a time
even though it clearly  says "can take up to 50 bills at once!"
lol
it's like "no...you can't"
so if you have a lot of bills, it makes more sense just to talk to a human
I liked the tellers at my old bank in oakland
tjere
we'd talk about hair and nails and stuff
there's one hot bank teller that keeps getting transfered to every bank that becomes my main bank
and I see her on new years
no, canada day
like every year
it's like were spiritually bound
aw
try bonding over hair and nails
lol, I will for sure
I saw a dude try to pick up a bank teller actually
it was pretty funny
lol
dude, cafe workers get hit on so much
I imagine
i mean, assuming you're a hot cofe worker
cafe
true
i have all my thoughts and remember all the shit I should be doing at 3AM
which is not useful
like what?
write a list
then you can do it all in the morning when you wake up
Like I just remembered I need to research all of Johnny Cash's albums
im terrible with lists, lol
but I should probably
but then I get lazy and dont' write the list
#StruggleIsReal
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42mb45/my_37f_husband_38m_of_less_than_a_year_but/
oh I was reading that earlier susandeath
"Unfortunately, it also took him 1000+ miles away, and we have been living apart ever since. (this has been a major strain on our relationship, and I believe the money argument is where this larger strain is being played out)"
why didnt she go with him
?
yeah, idk
also
he says tell me what I owe and I will pay you back
and then she goes oh noes
she's somehow offended
when he's trying to give her what she's asking for
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42mb45/my_37f_husband_38m_of_less_than_a_year_but/czbifrl
yep
I don't really understand what she wants
http://lists.ucla.edu/pipermail/religionlaw/2015-February/028297.html - hahaha oh wow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6B-WOhsZkjM
this man writes such sexy songs
damn
and he looks like a really old hobo
madscilove you can bet her husband doesnt know what she wants either
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42nyaa/me_23_m_with_my_girlfriend_21_f_2_weeks_sexual/
"Last Saturday she showed me how to choke her, told me to buy rope and frankly its escalating very quickly"
uh, yeah. I wouldn't bring out rope 2 weeks in
you don't know someone after 2 weeks. how do you know they're not a crazy person?
cnd choking
choking is sooo dangerous
its so easy to kill someone like that
I had a chick ask me to beat her once. 
that's the weirdest ive got
I've never had any weird requests
and I was always really careful to feel out what sort of things a person is into 
i probably wouldn't choke very hard
because im not into killing people
I mean, there are safer ways to choke people
but I wouldn't trust 99% of humans to know how to to it right
I mean, random people you just met, like this girl
Yea
I wouldn't even trust myself if i was into that "hang from door while masturbating" thing some guys are into
now that's really dangerous
people do some crazy shit to get off
man humans are weird
Sex is important
Every function of the body is made to allow you to fuck more
we really like fucking
madscilove> I mean, there are safer ways to choke people ---> safer sure
but still
Architect: yeah, but humans really go above and beyond
any choking put the chokee at risk of heart attack
I did not know that
lol, meh
I mean, we're just obsessed with it 
yeah mads
that's going into my "things to worry about" piles
*pile
lack of oxygen can put you at risk of cardiac arrest
there are no warning signs eitehr
I know some doms who wont touch it
they are like
wanna be cut
sure I'll make you bleed
but choking
no way
but why's that guy even asking strangers what do to?
they don't seem compatible at all. nice to find out only 2 weeks in
before you catch too many feelings
Well 1, he doesn't wanna lose the value of a woman and 2, people have no sense these days
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42q10l/i_29m_received_a_message_from_a_stranger/
does he add the message?
gonna have to read this
ok, nevermind
reading his first paragraph of the couple's history, it's almost a guarantee she's  cheating
yeah
I usually err on the side of "don't believe weird anonymous messages"
but she sounds like a real scumbag
someone made a good point in the comments
it would be retarded to say she had a 2nd cell phone to a couple if she didn't actually have one
so she is 100% cheating
what about 200% cheating? :D
Two affairs at the same time
Not as uncommon as you might think actually
that's for people who have too much time on their hands
or a LOT of options
actually
it'd probably be more common in people who feel they have few options
as people get more attractive in LTRs
not always
some people get in a lTR and let themselves gp
what the fuck
what?>
my best client brought a bunch of people onto a huge project
Well of course but for an average person, the social proof of being picked by a woman usually increase SMv, which is where the trope "when it rains, it poors" comes from. Given more access to women, it's more likely someone like that would end up commitng that kind if adultery
and one of them just fucked up a bunch of my work
well, they duplicated it
that's what the spreadsheet is for!
??
madscilove
some people are dumb
uuuuuughhhhhh SJWs are trying to infest open source software now they've gone too far
dumb dumb
yeahhh
literally will cause tangible economic damage
what are you talking about SMS?
they are trying to push code of conducts in software development
for the record while SMS is easier to type I miss seeing the Sexy in your namer
software that literally runs the wrold
what
thats crazy
some people didn't like saying Sexy :D
open source code
thats insane
people make us code and give it to us for free
and now they want to mess with it
something something gift horse
yes because its so open
so they waltz on in
bastards!
I will find them
and smack em
in a very unSJW manner
susandeath++
:)
yay
blargh, I wish I could stay up all night and work
but I think I would regret that in the morning
I should go to bed
yeah you will
go sleep
goodnight everyone :)
ugh ruby on rails adopted it
idgaf if php does but rails? ;_;
any redpill women here?
they are usually online bit later susan
thanks RMBP
I am wondering if that coffee person is right about some specific theory she seems to be spiouting
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42oy5z/why_are_women_attracted_to_brooding_men_a/
I dont know if women are attracted to brooding men
I am
but lots of my friends dont seem to be 
also
I don't think i have the same definition for brooding
woo! awalt and all that
J is a broody man
I like broody men
#teamangel
well first hand you should look at what brooding itself is in a man
Her analysis is not bad but eh
too black and white
What is brooding?
I didnt seem to get it from her analysis
anti-social behaviour
loner mentality
I thought it was like 
sitting and thinking about stuff alot
sure
but what would a brooding man be? a man who just thinks a lot?
well yeah someone who picks that over social things
like
no
I dont want to go to a party
I need to think
but not necessarily anti-social
I think of loner and anti-social as a bit different
he doesn't have to be anti-social
like this person doesnt hate other people
just prefers to be alone
like J
but that behaviour is not social
he likes to sit in the dark and think
he broods
in my understanding
anti-social people don't hate other people
I dont get the violent alpha comments
that was what confused me the most
like a lot of people seem to think brooding men
don't pay attention to those
have barely contained violence in them
thats why I was confused
#NAMALT
I can't judge that
also
for other men atleast because I know it is in part true for me
the only broody man I know is J and he is the leats violent person I know
brooding has nothing to do with violence
so don't pay attention to those
Just imagine AtlasB her husband
is he a broody man?
not at all
All his through are directly thrown out there
thoughts*
I see
but you know for certain that he is a man who has no qualms about resorting to violence
yeah
to me that is very indicative of how a violent man doesn't have to be a brooding man
and J is an example of a brooding man doesn't have to be a violent man
conclusion, the idea is bullshit
yep
then we are agreed
yeah
okay I just checked up the definition of anti-social behaviour. It's legal and psychiatric term.
both don't fit with brooding
is  the anti- part meaning that you are against society?
in which case anti-social people are probably likely to be prone to violence
sorta
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42mjdo/cmv_a_womans_past_sexual_behavior_with_previous/
who is this new woman
she is really bugging me
I know psychiatric terms it constitutes behaviours that are harmful to others without consideration
ok
violence is anti-social behaviour
theft, vandalism, extortion
yeah
also just being a dick to every one could be considered mildly anti-social
like if you just are rude to everyone you meet
yeah but they won't qualify that as anti-social
more asocial
ok 
yeah
so anti-social is a bit more overt
right
like emotional abuse by insulting your partner
etc
yeah
that's anti-social
  so some broody men 
probably are anti-social
right
but its just another feature
right
and isnt because of the broody
exactly
good
I am glad we got this sorted
Im not gonna go argue with a bunch of people in that thread
cause why
coffee claims these men are anti-social because of high testerone
this is correct
but
that is for people who are strong anti-social. The broody man who display some anti-social behaviour are usually reactionary violent or abusive. They lash out because they have given up on all the other options.
the broody men*
yeah
this comes back down to this
camilles post. The reactionary broody men are low dominance, to me low testerone men, and they are dealing with a High dominance woman who they cannot deal with
women*
yeah
and one who is not paying attention to their needs either
right
and they dont know how to express this
this is the basis for a lot of commonly abusive relationships
yes
so it bottles up and bottles up
and one day
poof
he spases out and kills a hooker
or her
a lot of abusive relationships are about the two partners vying for dominance in the relationship
yeah
I agree with that
and the stats do too
lots of mutually abusive relationships
Yes
and sure the woman looks worse off 
cause the man is generally stronger
but the emotional damage
but thats why that stupid american dv model is dumb
I cant remember its name right now
but its useless
other abusive relationships are just the result of one violent, strong anti-social partner
usually the man
anyway
flawed point of coffees part. Brooding men are not inherently anti-social but asocial.
her whole argument falls apart there
what do you mean with DV model?
oh remember its called the Duluth model
and its primary point is that men are the aggressors
for reasons that don;'t match relaity
ew
gross
the woman who did the studies now admits she fudged the data
to prove her point
fuck
glad I'm not american
it bascially boils down to the fact that if american police get a DV call
they will automatically arrest the man
right
and work it out later
and like there is a specific kind of trainintg the men have to udnergo
but its all based off fudged data
and a faulty premis
MRAs should be fighting it
MRA's are useless pieces of trash
I know
So far haven't seen once that is even worthy of any attention
and there really are some men's issues that need attention
yes
like this stupid duluth model
but all they do is bitch about how bad women are
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duluth_model
right
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/qbFQOqMd/
I've read it
see what Ellen Pence one of the main proponents of the model said
its freaking ridiculous
I'm getting violent tendencies reading it
you're not paying attention if you think all MRAs do is bitch
I dont blame you
RMBP I get the same tendancies
well SMS maybe all we see are the ones that do
cause their voices are louder
MRAs need women to speak for them because no one will give a damn if men complain
so its a slow going, so 90% of the sub is just bitching
however, mens rights are so far backward that "raising awareness" is actually a legitimate thing to do, unlike say breast cancer awareness at this point
why would I pay attention to something that is not really of my concern SMS? MRA's largely operate in the USA and they are already incredibly ineffective there, so their presence will have no lasting effect on how my country operates.
strongest MRA groups seem to be in India, possibly UK
Still, not my concern
Haven't heard about them on the news
so? then dont bitch about them
Not effective enough
I bitch about what I want
ok, but no one is going to regard your bitching as valid if you bitch about everything
SMS> MRAs need women to speak for them because no one will give a damn if men complain ---> I think you have a point 
My bitching tends to be valid, because I bitch about things which are ineffective, a nuisance and self-destructive.
there's a reason milo, CHS, GWW, etc. are popular
they aren't straight men
RedManBearPig: then i shall bitch about your bitching ;)
see I like milo
he's doing shit
I think we are about to have an unexplained astronomical event
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42mjdo/cmv_a_womans_past_sexual_behavior_with_previous/czbfkl8
I agree with pembayliss
I am sure the world is now upside down
lol i actually agree too
that coffee woman
most of the times that I ask nicely I've gotten it
she is messed in the head
I dont care how "alpha" you are
coffee is cray
I not gonna do something I dont like
and frankly
any guy after J isnt going to get to tie me up
cause he did
and I dont like it
eh i've met middle ground women
so I wont let someone else do it
 <SMS> eh i've met middle ground women--> well yeah
I think it fgoes back to hard and soft lines
some things are like
nah
but sometimes yeah
and somethings are
when hell freezes over
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42livc/the_subtle_evilness_of_the_socalled/
wow
EVIL?
yeah
ok
I think I have a different view on what that word means
Gaia?
gaius*
who is that?
the guy who has the most upvoted comment in that thread
an RP mod
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/NEf8fSYt/
well yeah true
if you don;t pick a quality partner
your relationship gonna suck
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42myw4/cmv_tbp_sees_life_through_rose_colored_glasses/czbsa1m
but isn't that exactly what OP is drafting "uh what if your partner is incompetent"
this lauren collins
she needs help
See susandeath. That is a typical anti-social person
yeah
and it blows my mind that she thinks she is not rare
like most people dont do stuff like that
she all
She cannot even phantom that her behaviour is not common
yeah
she thinks its the normal reaction
This is typical for anti-social personality disorders
makes sense
Some of them
Like narcissists or high-functioning sociopaths
they realize that their behaviour is not normal and harmful to others. They don't care though
but the vast majority is too dumb to even consider it
yeah
I am surprised lauren collins even knows how to use the internet
well she seems to be in an ok spot
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42mxyg/rpw_finances/
if what she says in this thread about herself is true
she is still a nutjob
maybe female nutjobs have it better off than male nutjobs
I wouldnt be surprised
women do get away with behaving irrationally more than men do
cause women are seen to be more emotional as a component of their physiology
and therefore they do tend to get a pass on some things me wouldnt
i think its rubbish personally
I dont care what your hormones are doing
behave like an adult
but
I am one person
I agree
basically other people enable this bad behaviour in women
disgusting really
it is
and its treating women like they are not responsible
I consider it sexist
I dont want to be treated like I cant control my actions
cause "hormones"
thats insulting to me
yeah
oh wow
I just got flowers
I am apparently super awesome at my job
awesome
yeah it was a pretty big thing
our fussiest client
said a recent set of resolutions I did to sort out a historical mess in some company's documents
was the best set of resolutions he has ever seen
nice
so our business partner bought me flowers
:)
good job susan
Ooooo he lurve you Susan
lol
lonny whats up
have you got snow?
thanks RMBP
eat em
or grind if
If you are lucky you might hallucinate
dont do drugs or flowers
i lost my wife and kids to flowers
and now i sit on irc
dont do it kids
Jack4ss++
lol
you don't do drugs
you do all the drugs mofo
do cats dream?
I've seen you talk with xanny
yes they do
and nightmares?
no
kk
hey all
the only drugs i do are paracetamol
and i snort that shit 
higher mammal species are capable of dreaming
or are most likely capable of it
sometimes my cat twitches his leg in his sleep
https://i.imgur.com/P2W6TEb.jpg
HAHAH
When I was a kid I thought Demolition Man was a forgettable action movie. I re-watched it over the weekend. Now I realise it was an intelligent parody of PC culture: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPey8yxyNVY
Demolition man is actually good yeah
ha thats pretty cool
might watch it
not the greatest
but enjoyable
notice how the police use a siri like device that depicts the "maniac" as red and the user as blue
yeah
its got a good cast
that fine sandra bullock
haha the commerical bit
so much troll
this is what the future will be like if the tumblerinas win
they won't
damn dragoness
that escalated
you are cute
....
fuck feminism
goddamn feminists amirite
lol
without feminism
it already started horrible
a conversation like that'
would have had him classed as a "bad man"
and fathers would keep him away from their daughters
surely she would've been receptive without feminism 
yeah
cause she wouldnt have sai
oh sir
they only way tumblrinas win mashakos if western governments seize more power over their citizens which cannot be circumvented or thrown over with rebellion
i am an innocent maiden
"blush blush"
lol
RedManBearPig: the whole movie is a libertarian manifesto, it's great!
https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/42onfy/my_wife_made_me_sell_my_star_trek_collection/
red flag
feel sorry for that man :(
"2:48 PM <susandeath> would have had him classed as a "bad man""
I don't believe him and it seemed like most people didn't either
I don't
and he isn't classed as a bad man?
now with feminism?
well its a little bit different
since in the past depending on his social class he could have faced social ostracism from both men and women
whereas now 
he probably has buddies that high five him for this
and also
that chick is likely to just ignore him
instead of telling her dad
and making a scandal
its very different
she can easily post it to r/creepypms and make a scandal
I don't that is feminism, but a culture of individualism in the west
the scandal is not great enough
i'm pretty sure sexual harrassment of women was more accepted decades ago
accepted?
no
if anything feminism today goes against individualistic values
also, before feminism i could shamelessly visit prostitutes
filozof> i'm pretty sure sexual harrassment of women was more accepted decades ago
what?
it was tolerated red
no
also no
thats absolute rubbish
hahahaha
tolerated untill a man laid his hand on a daughter or a wife
yep
and also
right
depends on what you sat
*say
either way, the guy should not be given a pass for wanting to expose himself to his daughter. That's just weird.
Even when I was the bloopiest of bloop no girl could have ever made me part with a collection
 <filozof> also, before feminism i could shamelessly visit prostitutes---> as long as you were discreet
openly being a manwhore was frowned upnon
How is that not a red flag?
right
the different is dragoness community vs tribal vs public outlash
even though I think OP was full of shit, I dont understand guys who do this
"She said if i loved her enough i would sell star trek cause i enjoy it so much. "
yeah...okay
the post is really weird
it seems that a lot of men view female partners as maternal figures
OP and his supposed fiancee by the way:
http://i.imgur.com/EnKYHWX.jpg
well, wife now, whatever
lol lies
so much lies
the reason why they end up building man caves
https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/42onfy/my_wife_made_me_sell_my_star_trek_collection/czci85m
oh lonny
hahaha
nice
the real question is
where did the money end up?
lets get lonny to the front page
in the actual marriage party mashakos
because princesses gotta be treated right
lol
good question Mashakos; he never said
its stupid 
he should have said to her
"if you love me you wont ask me to sell it"
no, he should have said "I want to keep this stuff, end of discussion."
lol
she just didnt wanna be married with a trekky
I like the idea of turning her "if you love me" word on her
its the only way some people learn
I would have just punched her gut for being such a dumbass
wow
i would have killed her
that escalated quickly
that's not even something I can picture a woman actually saying
its something I can
really, i can
at least in these scenarios the wife usually comes up with a much more valid reason
like some woman posted on Askwomenover30
my ex was openly a bitch, no shame
other than ~if you looooved me ~
Jack4ss> i would have killed her <-- and turned her into a babylon 5 android mannequin, amirite?
all bitching about where are the real grown up men
no, just inscinerated her
who dont like sci fi
just kidding susandeath
cause her ex liked sci fi etc and wanted framed movie posters up in the lounge and stuff
and she was like
no
its not grown up
and he's like
"yes mom"
and then she was bitching that she cant find an "adult man"
no wonder she was single
that makes more sense than just because though 
and he was her ex
not saying either case is right 
(they arent)
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42r60e/everyone_ive_known_named_jack_has_been_a_douche/
I can understand if you dont like sci fi and that stuff
sorry Jack4ss 
but that doesnt make it not adult
these guys bending over backwards for girls who don't respect who they are as people
just sad
just staying true to my stereotype
well doesn't that mean all men have become nerds susan?
I dont think so
I think it means the woman asking is a picky bitch
to me it means that she does not accept the guy for who he is
I mean, I probably wouldn't want my partners sci-fi memorabilia cluttering up the house
and wants to control his life
but in a lounge, guest room, etc? fine
I'd probably hang art in my house
I'm thinking van Gogh, the originals
I have original art on my walls
its not very good
I went through a painting stage
so its mine
I like it though
nice susan
I have city landscapes, pictures of Audrey Hepburn and old black and whites all over everything
I should probably stop buying things 
I would have wall to wall glass windows, white marble floors and stainless steel furniture to go with the 70" LED panel that floats down from the ceiling.
I can only stare at so many Eiffel towers 
wall to wall glass windows? I can dig it
Mashakos> I would have wall to wall glass windows, white marble floors and stainless steel furniture to go with the 70" LED panel that floats down from the ceiling.
um
lol
I think its nice that the world is full of different people
:)
Haha
you will NOT alter my space ship control room!!!!
The madscilove answer
well 
decorating stuff is so subjective
girls always want to turn any home into a friggin' cottage
nesting is great
spoken like a true vagina
my apartment is antiseptic. Gray furniture, white marble, half the living room is composed of the entertainment system. 
I have a mix mash of stuff
See that sounds like my stuff
a book case and a tv stand that match
I like that
cause my dad modeled my bookcase on the tv stand
<Mashakos> my apartment is antiseptic. Gray furniture, white marble,
then I have a matching free standing cupboard and smaller booksheld
same, basically 
but they will be replaced 
as I have money
except no marble 
to get my dad to make me new ones
that match the tv stand bookshelf
my couch was Js
so its not really my taste
but its super comfy!
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42ougx/what_is_your_oddest_but_tastiest_snack_combo/czbyuyq
how would your brain even think to put those two together?
who is J
is that me
i want my couch back
its my bf
not you
and its my couch now
camille are you rapunzel yet
it doesnt fit in the house he bought
YOUR 3 MINUTES IS UP
man I want coffee but I also kinda wanna go back to sleep. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42ougx/what_is_your_oddest_but_tastiest_snack_combo/czc1i3s
okay I'm done
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42ougx/what_is_your_oddest_but_tastiest_snack_combo/czcc6ds
hahaha
hey witz
Mornin
mornin wing
how ya doin
Griddy, everyone was just talking about how they hate your guts.
See, you ruined the flow of conversation.
oh yeah, so that's what happened before I passed out last night
"Griddy is sucky." - witzie
"Griddy is stupid." - Jack4ss
Still in bed can't move zzzz
"I have never been within 100 miles of Griddy, but I know she is smelly." - susandeath
lol
lol that was me this morning. ive learned putting coffee on auto brew helps with morning motivation though lol
Hiya
Everyone knows you are sucky, stupid, and stank. You can't cover that with a fedora.
I probably have to leave the house today
why are you playa-hating lonny?
We were well supplied through the storm, but we're almost out of everything
where you at lo?
DC area
ah
Why are you a bearpig Redman?
he's hating
he's stuck in Alabama
it's what bamas do
I'm just feeling too lazy to get up and make something for breakfast
theyve taken care of the roads near you?
lol
why am I a bearpig?
hnnng i love breakfast food
nomnom
Why you gotta get all serious griddy ?
that just comes natural to me
im not being serious
I was just kidding
You gotta get all real
?
im not being serious
do i have to place "lol" after it?
yes
I don't drive! The roads are decent, but it melts all day and freezes are night
apparently
else nerds don't understand it
he didnt
and i understood he was joking
You don't get me griddy
hence all of my fedoras
being tipped
alll the fedoras
such serious
Griddy is the realest
Hopefully the buses and everything are running
oof yeah icy roads are no bueno
Lonny_Z: you dont get me if you think im mad
lol
we got a little bit of snow last night but nothing to write home about
Being in Bama is a serious putdown
That is what I meant
Jokingly
is that where obama lives
I've got to remember not to eat this morning.  It's yearly blood work day
Jack4ss: yes
i know you werent mad
fucking jack4ss
i swer down i will eat you pigman
bama is my favorite insult
learned from the DMV
Sucks kittenkajira but I hope everything comes back ok!
everyone in the DMV calls everyone esle a bama
love it
See, I just made up fake insults
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46U5LfRrybY
YOU MEANIE
trippin out watching this
Lonny_Z: you dont even acknoweldge black slang
so technically my insults are meaningless to you too
yerp
Breakfast is my favorite food group too little_red_
brew you a pot of coffee and stick some back in the oven (or stovetop, whatever. but bacon!)
I feel like the hardest part of being an adult is knowing when you have to not snack on bacon because it has to bbe crumbled and put in a recipe.
https://i.groupme.com/309x960.jpeg.c31c250f9e1344499e559c065d1c7586.large
Okay maybe like the second hardest part of being an adult.
Lol Payton 
Struggles I will never know lol
Is this what TRP means when they say Beta indoctrination since youth?
i literally have to hide bacon bits in my house that i want to use for cooking then i buy A seperate bags
lol
yes
lmaoo
cracks me up
little_red_: I have to do it when K isn't home, or it's a few strips of bacon for a snack and a half assed cobb salad :P
haha
I believe though that it is a thing
like if you have a strong indepedent mother
Haha
independent
you just gotta be strong and independent back at her
I had a hamster mom, AMA
I had a mother hamster AMA
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42lv7d/i_24_was_technically_raised_by_an_abusive/
what??
Wants a guy to whip her
Awalt
raised by my boyfriend............ok
Lol
Jilling to the thought of being dragged through the woods
I feel like she glossed over some real key info there
such as "Why?" and "HOW!?"
Such alpha widow
whatup whatup sloots
for real
http://i.imgur.com/zoRSr3M.gif
That makes me hurt!
...white people! That's all I have to say
who's the real sloot here witzie?
It looks like she's holding her pants and shoes.  How weird!
lol wth
I think the biggest BP harm is the proud damage, and trying to teach men to not run away from damage.
is that a walk of shame
in the snow?
0,0
That looks like the alltime worst walk of shame ever.
lol@ xenmas's flair
"she said "chad" is th eone, but the kid is not his son"
whats xemnas flair?
haha
lol
right drok
just like the single mother thing
"She is a human being too" Yeah one that made a terrible decision
i dont even care about anything because i stopped being an asshole and re-upped on my UD Naked Skin and the world is my oyster today
I let three girls on a walk of shame use my phone one morning
UD Naked skin is AWESOME
<drok> I think the biggest BP harm is the proud damage, and trying to teach men to not run away from damage. 
im literally cringing thinking about the crappy foundations ive been trying out these last few weeks
I think that's for two reasons. 1) those types of BP women know themselves that they are damaged and 2) they've put up/dated/slept with so many "damaged" men that they think its only fair men do the same. 
because i was being a frugal little shit
it really is
far-fetched theory but okay dragoness
Haha I did the same thing on Sunday- reupped my Tarte Amazonian Clay so I can stop using an 8 year old bottle of cover girl... wtf.
I'll go cheap on a lot of things, but not foundation
I don't wear it very often
just for flair observing https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42r6dv/why_is_there_so_much_struggle_with_consent/czcjzcm
drok thats so true
So a bottle lasts me a year
I would agree with the first part
BP think every person is special
I never knew what a difference it makes until I bought nicer foundation, that's for sure.
that too
i tried using tarte clay and LOVE it when applied but an hour or so later its super chalky on me
nobody is special
we are all pieces of shit
that ONE HEINOUSLY DAMAGE DPERSON is so important, as if there arent 10 othe rppl coming down the pike
I'm sure everyone looks damaged when when you are damaged yourself, and you villainize male psych
but I've seen so many women prattle on about the fuckups they've dated and no, not just in the "He was an asshole Chad" sense either
and its like they want some kind of medal 
Oh no! :( I have to use a high quality primer under it or it can get a little creased under my eyes and nose on me.
I've been there kinda
which primer do you use? ive been trying to find my HG
I won't go cheap on eye shadow primer, but then I can use cheaper eyeshadows and they look great
im gonna grab a sample of TF Hangover today
UD pore perfecting primer
But for eyes/face primer I just use smashbox
Love love love it
I wasn't sold on the hangover. It's good, but not... hangover special I guess? But I only had a small sample from my Ipsy bag.
I don't *love* the smashbox but it gets the job done when I need a little extra help
The smashbox makes me so greasy!!
My skin tends towards dry sometimes so it's different on me
That makes sense. When it first goes on it looks fantastic.
(for me)
thats how i am - normal with the occasional dry patch i got a sample of MUFE hydrating but havent tried it out yet
I love my real techniques brushes
That's going to be my next investment, I think. I have cheapo brushes.
They aren't even THAT expensive compared to some higher end stuff
i bought some Jessup brushes on ebay last year that are supposed to be good dupes for sigma
i just cant see myself paying like $80 for a makeup brush
Me either
you cant raise a whole generation on psych diagnoses
and acceptance propaganda
and then sudenly inform them at 21 that that
hey
Neither can I :/ I don't even really know enough about brushes to justify spending that kind of money. I'd have to do a lot more research before I'd even dream of considering it.
men might reject you for your cherished Dx
These were all under $20 for each of the 4-pack of different brushes. Eyeshadow, face, travel
lol
so true though 
Great investment because it really helped with my application
ive never seen ppl in love with their Dx before
http://www.bonniebeautyxo.com/2015/04/jessup-brushes-review.html
Do you use a brush to apply foundation?
im actually really pleased with the jessup brushes
i use my beauty blender
oh it's insane. they're all in a fight to be the most crazy
well ive never seen a whole generation of ppl blithely dx'ed with mental illnesses that didnt exist when i was kid
Yes, but I dab with a beauty blender a little bit for the finished look
there was alway sliek one "hyperactive" boy who mom didnt let him eat sugar
I do too, and I love it. But I know some people who really believe a brush is the way to go. I've never tried it.
if you don't have an identity, might as well identify as ~mentally ill~
And I keep a makeup cleaning brush spray to wash it right away with
i use a brush
I use a beauty blender, I mean. Sorry, I'm 110% zombie today :(
beauty blender doesnt work for me
and I say this even given my parents background because it's lead to a lot of people just not being taken seriously anymore
wingn what type of skin do you have?
I need to find a better way to clean mine, I know that.
oily
old
lol
my skins a lot less dry now but im always afraid buffing my skin when applying foundation w a brush would get me flaky
my skins like a bottle of olive oil
oily skin ages better wingn
There's a silver lining to my shine-cloud? Heh, the more you know!
https://www.reddit.com/r/aznidentity/comments/42p26d/wmaf_hapas_are_not_asians/
lol
what's Dx?
:p
Diagnosis
diagnosis
The dewy look used to be in and still is in some places!
Don't you talk to PJ?
I have never been much into that, I like a very matte face in general I think.
Probably because I've never been able to do "dewy" that wasn't shiny or slick :P
i think a lot of people are still going for the dewy look
i think any looks that are ultra matte justmake you look like cakeface
its gross
I know at least one friend of mine who does, and it makes her skin look amazing (dewy skin)
if you can pull off mattte without looking powdery it looks finished but ive not been able to find a good balance lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/aznidentity/comments/42p26d/wmaf_hapas_are_not_asians/czc15gj
Same here little_red_
Haha you're the antithesis to my shiny problem! Matte is the only way my skin looks natural.
Otherwise it does look like I've got on gobs of makeup.
I've been thinking about trying to shave the little fine peach fuzz on my face because I feel like powder gets caught in it and makes me look...
Just odd lol
i know a lot of people that do that
But I also use a translucent powder, and only enough to blend my blush out. I still haven't found my HG powder though.
Same here payton. I have some covergirl shit because it was on sale and I needed *something*
this overdiagnosing is problematic
lol
a lot of medical companies just want to shove medicine in our faces
that word triggers me
I have TF primed and poreless which I do like, I think I just prefer loose powder.
i actually hear a lot of good stuff about elf hd powder
Yeah
im ok with it
Maybe I'll try the face shaving, I watched a few youtube videos
But some people said it made them breakout
Some say to do it dry vs using oil
You probably just want to be really careful to keep a sharp razor
I'm probably going to just leave it alone
Worst case, you could try it once or twice on low-social weeks just in case
God I'm redundant today, I need to be locked up.
good morning everyone!
Morning Camille :)
little_red_ day 1 went well, 4 mins was nothing but you do feel more blood in your head once you sit upright again
Morning 
im excited!
its not painful or anything just noticeable and i had to stay seated upright for maybe 10 mins after
Inversion hair growing?
i did a 4 min massage before hand w/ castor oil 
yeah lo_andbehold 
Good luck!
thanks! 
I love castor oil for my skin
cool ive just used it this one time for my hair
it has a warming sensation but its not weird or anything i reccomend it for the inversion method little_red_ 
ill have to pick some up today then
i jsut got mine on amazon
my hair is almost the exact length in the first pic http://www.nuccia.ca/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/inversion_before_after.jpg-1024x512.jpg
would be awesome if it actually works but im such a skeptic
So basically asianity passed down through the father
Like the opposite of Jews
i figure theres nothing to  lose by trying
yeah me too little_red_ !
re length
apparently
Lonny_Z why are you maligning my good name when I am not here to defend myself?
like i said ideally want waist length by this summer
you and me both lady
Take pictures!
but since im still going from the burgundy > medium brown im still having to trim the ends every other time i highlight
but since im using olaplex its not nearly as damaging as it could be
well thats good!
i wanted to dye my hair black but then it turns out it already is black, the dark brown i was seeing was from teh sun
and since im inside all the time my new hair is not getting the uv treatment
so i need to get hair sunscreen or something
lol
That actually does exist
yeah i know!
aveda has one that ill most likely get 
I had no idea until recently! 
lol susandeath he was
i saw it
the difference in colour is completely unnoticeable to anyone but me but im just happy i dont ahve to dye it
lucky you know me griddy
i think the coolblack is more striking vs the more neutral dark brown if that makes sense
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ruyb/rpw_is_not_one_size_fits_all/
good name?
pppffft
lold vs pandora
haha
i didnt understand the anal/oral thread
The looks department is not the most important part of RPW. Attraction is important but it will fade away. You will be old, wrinkly, wearing support hose and orthopedic shoes alone with your ten wiener dogs if you have a stank attitude.
I didn't either 
bahahah
it's....not the same thing
those guys think that him giving oral sex should be returned with anal sex?
like wut
Are BJs such an entitlement
That post yesterday turned into a real horrorshow, huh? :/ I guess I shouldn't be surprised she came back with a stank attitude.
that it's not considered something on par with a man giving oral sex?
well they're a given at this point 
gotta up the ante 
I have a good name Jack4ss
i was perturbed
lemme fuck your eyeball like chad did is the new BJ
what thread griddy please linky
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42p50g/cmv_blue_pill_types_are_contemptuous_towards_men/ susandeath 
thanks
eh
when will terps get that "bluepill" is not a cohesive thing
ooh
any RPWs here?
and that's the other thing
The women who were against giving BJs
were the same women who didn't like recieving oral sex
they weren entitleed to oral at all
they didnt care for any of it
right 
yep
but AWALT
so they must want it
and not want to
ManLogic
yep
"The RPW way is to act passively until the relationship hits the skids and then bail. "
ugh fragglemook was so annying in WingNs thread 
i was just going to ask
who that was
oh
why do guys insist on posting on rpw when they have zero understanding of female sexual strategy
not even zero, they have negative understanding!
i really dont know. i lold about that drwarlock guy the other day
"youre cute"
wat
who are you 
what is this
hahaha
thats something a prostitute says to pick up clients
he has no concept of feminine girl game
thats what i was trying to explain. like this dude comes from trp thinking rpw are the women he picks up at bars or something
wat
and and
rpw are not the women in trp frs 
he said that it would help reduce awkwardness
if a guy is so awkward that he needs a girl to break the ice and make things not awkward
i just assumed hes young and inexperienced
he isnt captain material
his a-ha moment he posted was about kissing some girl on his bed while watching movies on his laptop
so i mean take from that what you will
lol so he hes in middle school?
that was the general gist i got from it, yeh
then you guys had mr mook come over with all of his insightful wisdoms
I liked the guy who suggested if a woman couldn't get off from PIV she should just use a vibrator during sex
lol yeah 
so grateful for all the men setting us rpw straight
because no guy has ever found that emasculating....
dragoness: i eye rolled him
Men hate that
RIGHT!
i mean it does the trick
lol
but i get why it sucks for them
but still
they dont understand the mentality of attractive women or attractive men
ah at least you mods keep a good handle on things
my friend said his worst moment
was when a girl he fucked
thought he was sleep
and pulled out her vibrator mid night 
after sex
im like "well..."
worse*
Sometimes I think the less experienced ones seem to think TRP is about how to break down strong, independent wimmin instead of getting with a woman who ISN'T that. (Speaking to LTRs, not man-game in general.)
thanks we try! 
yeah that might be part of it
a lot of them dont want ltrs at all right now so their game does involve dealing with modern women
i just htink a large majority of guys who are going to trp are just looking for plates
yeah
http://imgur.com/WaemlD3
and a lot of them are finding trp because they are looking for an outlet to vent or resource to figure out how to pick up women
but ive also not really visited trp a whole lot lately either
I don't go there often at all anymore. Not my zone.
when i first joined i read every single post, and i used to post an dcomment there in addition to rpw
my cat is like a toddler
but its a different environment now 
not one that i really have a place in which is fine, its their space
camille i was similar when i first came to rpw, i read but would never post. but like payton said, its not my space and it has changed quite a bit over the years
so maybe ill read a post or two if it comes up but other than that it doesnt really lend any insightful glimpses or anything
"thought he was sleep" (  )
dragoness: i made it an OP
so, I was at Home Depot and weirdly, there was a black cat just chilling on one of the shelves 
apparently a family of cats lives in the garden section so it was NBD.......wut
ooh, let me look at it griddy
yeah and that amkes sense 
lol, ah, I can't wait to see the replies
omg I love GLO
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42reg3/enforcing_quality_in_the_manosphere/
Yeah I liked that thread
okay if anyone wants a laugh this morning, i was looking through my submissions nad rediscovered this
I was thinking about all this enthusiastic consent stuff
GLO is big
http://www.returnofkings.com/40869/top-25-pictures-from-the-american-girls-be-like-meme
although he has a feminine looking face to me
Camille the new rule thing sounds really interesting
It almost sounds like they just have a female sex drive
Where it's reactive
it does! we can only have 10 though
but 10 is a lot
oh my god camille that 2nd pic gross! lol
aww
Apparently he likes to work out at either noon or midnight
lol wow. I'd buy one of his shirts if I didn't think some activist would throw period blood on me in the streets
Xem took personal offense to GLO's post
oh well
They needs their partner to be turned on to be turned on
Like a woman
I think we can get everything in 10
i think the problem with enthusiastic consent is that it destroys the mood
And women do promote this
which women apparently require
But then a few men agree
nah
so men who ask for consent can't get laid
Griddy I noticed that too why is Xem
Mad?
BP women anyway
but lol @ 6
ahaha Camille that's too funny
feminists promote enthusiastic consent
because they think that without it sex is rape
"All the same this amounts to tone policing. Just a week or 2 after endorsing perma anger phase too?"
what??
I dunno about men who ask for consent never getting laid
But it's not even the consent
"I can never stop worrying about all the men who want to rape me"
I'm talking about the enthusiasm
protopill: because he's not willing to improve in any real way yet
J always asks consent and he gets laid plenty
Strictly
and uses PPD as a place to do things TRP won't allow
a guy asked me for explicit consent once
i dont think enthusiastic consent has anything to do with how they enjoy sex
i almost die dof laughter
it was 4 am
and i was at his place smoking hash
8:32 AM <griddy> and uses PPD as a place to do things TRP won't allow
That makes sense
talk about a boner killer blech
AtlasB
its just supposed to be that way because without enthusiastic consent they aren't that much into it
Ok
which means its rape
Take consent out of my statement
now that you are here can you answer a RPW question for me?
I misspoke
protopill: what kills me is that when im tough on TRPers im a bitch
I'm only referring to enthusiasm
when TRPers are tough on them it's par the course
Not consent
im the same with everyone!
enthusiasm is a part of consent to them, i think
they want women to treat them with kid gloves
griddy: lol!
basically, they think ideal sex is one both parts want and enjoy
and they think all sex should be that way
why shouldnt it all be that way?
So when they say they can't enjoy it because they aren't enthusiastic about it?
what is the point of sex then
Seems dumb
if both people aren't enjoying it?
I've had enthusiastic sex
I like how PPD swings topics really fast. Last week was about rape and consent and this week it's about anal
A lot of anal
I've had unenthusiastic sex
It's all sex
Both ways get me off
i'm pretty sure most prostitutes dont enjoy their sex that much
doesnt mean it should be illegal
sometimes you have to do things you dont enjoy that much
Anal is the only topic
i wasnt thinking of prositutues
ok I get where you are coming from
i was thinking about how leftists think that all sex everywhere should go how they want it to
like according to a script
but I dont get sex in relationships if both partners arent into it
I'm promoting it in AD
Top comment in that thread https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42p50g/cmv_blue_pill_types_are_contemptuous_towards_men/czc56wh
they think everything should go that
way
the economy
human behavior
"i've never understood why anal is so coveted, that's where poop lives."
Hahahaaha
theyre controlling technocrats
regarding that post, for some reason the perspective of getting shit on my finger is more repulsive than getting shit on my dick
my old roomate does eyebrow tattooing and seeing her pictures reallllly make me want to fly there and get mine done
so tired of filling them in every morning lol
Yeah
I'm with you filozof
Good morning!
he ypixie
i've heard about people experimenting by putting fingers up their asses
i never had any urge to do that whatsoever
yep
easier to get a finger in than a whole dick
I can't wait until anal week is over
Griddy your post lol
How are you?
GRINDr is so fucking readily avaiable.
What caused that?
Go get you so bussy if that's what you want
they dont want it with men tho
thats silly
it's not fun if it's homo
doing pretty alright. trying to get this work off my desk and harassing people that ive been contacting since friday that havent gotten back to me yet on stuff i NEED by tomorrow lol
My Grandma has her eyeborws and eyeliner tattooed
silly is the constant fretting over anal
silly begets silly
<protopill> Griddy your post lol
im weary about eyeliner because i think id be super traumatized  from that but eyebrows id be ok with
protopill: dragoness and i were commenting on someone's comment in the anal/oral post
Yeah
I still think you should've included a scenario where she pulls it our DURING sex
It's like the dog video
he said we should just use a vibrator
*out
i'm pretty sure the humiliation of women is a large part of why men want anal
she does really awesome work but shes in vancouver lol
http://studiosashiko.com/pages/audrey-glass
That's what fiat says filozof, well humiliation isn't a good word
dragoness: i'll add it
Defiling
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42mjdo/cmv_a_womans_past_sexual_behavior_with_previous/
Gaius has a good comment to you griddy
And you responded well
AtlasB is this RPW or coffee being a weirdo?
i think humiliation fits, its about her submitting to you
shes a weirdo
doing something she doesn't like
we banned her
oh
ok thanks
I feel better now
she spouts some crazy shit
is she the one with the 19yr old HB10 bff
?
Humiliation isn't submission though
protopill: im all for it
coffeedynamics dragoness?
I dunno
Wow
dragoness: and i just figured a lot of men are not into it
I like cats she's funny https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42s8e7/q4men_are_you_okay_with_women_using_toys_during/czcobn4
because it makes them feel worse about themselves
If my brows ever thinned out, I'd be down
Accoutrements haha
shocking!
yeah ive always had very fine brows. i dont even pluck them except for the occasional stray so i full them every morning
no little_red_ dont do it
ive seen so many bad pics
lmaoo cats is my fav non-rp postert
its so risky
and the chemist
http://studiosashiko.com/pages/kyle-otsuji
also what if you change your mind about how you want your brows to look? the ideal changes all the time
I feel like eyebrow fashion changes relatively often, too. I would be scared to look permanently dated.
Cats is rp I think
yes
But in any event yeah she's funny
i guess so but ive always kept my brows the same :X
no!!!
fine
she's still funny
yeah they do amazing work there lo
she is RP
griddy
I like my thick, they grow in a good arch
cats
then i think thechemist is my fav non-rp
she is awesome
All I do every now and then is get them cleaned up
i wish i had super bushwookie eyebrows that i could jsut pluck away at lol
grass is greener, etc
ooh, someone should make another one of those "who's your favorite poster from the other pill" threads so we can circlejerk our favs silly. 
i thought i liked her
but after i was supe rnice to her
she was mean about me on tbp
aww!
shes an ugly person
bitch
yeah
who cats?
its interesting
chemist is a bitch
sorry guys
or chemist?
I liked her too
nerds and geeks are always portrayed as so inoocent
She's talking about chemist
theres onlky ONEMOVIE
Not cats
that shows exactly WHY they ge tbeat up and hated
thanks protopill
welcome to the dollhouse
her comments on PPD are good
dawn is a very real seeming dork and shes hateful
chemist
i cant really discern her personality
i like cats mostly because she's funny
not because i agree with most of her comments
she just says shit in a funny way
im endeared!
This is a funny website of a crazy feminist anyone seen it? It was just posted to PPD. https://witchwind.wordpress.com/2013/12/15/piv-is-always-rape-ok/
I can't tell if it's a troll though
I like radical wind
that's a classic
an old classic
ins't that the same
didnt dworkin also say that?
I once accidentally bought Jp a Dworkin book
Yeah it's a classic protopill
I had no idea who she was and bought it second hand cause the title was 
Pornography
and J is interested in porn
Camille check out the sidebar?
Lol!! "Sex for men is the unilateral penetration of their penis into a woman (or anything else replacing and symbolising the female orifice) whether she thinks she wants it or not  which is the definition of rape"
so I thought it was like a history of porn
This is really funny
not some mane hating feminist booj
and the rules. Just did a quick mock up
always read the back-cover susandeath
i see them!
yeah
I haven't read in a while
I learnt that
I took it back from him when the book opened with how awful men are for wanting sex
wait how is he "interested" in porn?
I should burn it
oh
interested
well he likes porn for the normal reasons
and then he is also interested in the influence porn has on different media
and one of his hobbies is telididonice
whats interesting to me
*telidildonics
is how porn appears to have killed
the R rated scene
which i think is fo rth ebetter
right
in the 80s it was getting ridiculous
lol
what is an R rated scene?
http://imgur.com/CyFyMRL for the neckbeard lovers under us
in 80s movies susan
Adult movies
they were getting more and more explicti
without ever actually being porn
ok like whats  that one with Sharon Stone
yeh
Griddy Lonny_Z s comment to you lol!
Basic Instinct?
most r rated movies had it
ooh
I guess you dont need those movies if you have porn
lmao i know
I am ok with explicit sex in movies
i upvoted him
but I am not a fan of gratuitious sex
like just for the sake of
susandeath: i prefer those to porn
sets the scene
the removal of the sex was good
or for that matter
better actors
the removal of the violence was bad
less cheesy
just all around better
pg 13 killed film
gratutious nudity
Yeep
imo
I agree atlas
I only want violence in my movies
and I'm getting none :(
susandeath: http://cdn2.thr.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/675x380/2015/04/james_corden_basic_instinct_h_2015.jpg
You mean this scene lol?
unless I'm watching foreign shit
hahaah protopill
we were watching starship troopers for the 100th time
love that movie
and the quick gory realistic violence in it
is gone from film
theyd never make i tnow
I never actually saw basic instinct it was just what all the cool kids were watching when I was in school
I preferred natural born killers
now aliens make ppl disintegrate
i love NBK i just wish tarentino had directed it
not hack stone
susandeath: Michael Douglas is in some great thrillers
Have you seen the game?
oh
I love that one
i LOVE the game
the game no
david fincher
but it is now on my list
Oh man it's so scary lol
one of his only 3 good films
have you seen the hateful eight yet AtlasB?
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/01/26/active-shooter-reported-at-naval-medical-center-san-diego.html#
the game seven and fight club
or is it not out yet?
its not out yet
Oh crap another active shooter
i showe dmy h the suicide squad traler and he wants to see it!
im excited
it may happen
"The message advises occupants to run hide or fight.""
Wait what
Thats the message
it's  naval base protopill
I know 
But still that message is weird
<protopill> Thats the message
right, idk wtf
Run hide or fight! So do everything!!
ALL THE OPTIONS!
I would probably fling shit at him
that's another option
mental warfare
Ah yes I forgot that one
well shit, FFS DO SOMETHING! may have come off a little harsh
so are we going to bet on his ethnicity?
too early.
I'm curious about suicide squad
but DC movies are eh most of the times
9:03 AM <RedManBearPig> so are we going to bet on his ethnicity?
Lol
suicide squad sounds good in theory
we shall see
If he yelled allahu Obama it might make it easier for me to decide
I say he is either black or sandnigger
i think the preview looks good
did you see, griddy?
has a look like th ewatchmen
i enjoyed Watchmen
I didnt
yeah i saw the trailer
but trailers can be decieving
how did you not lielk the watchmen???
Alright griddy I responded
The comic is better
I didnt get why that blue guy was all naked all the time
thewatchmens the only great film of the last 15 yrs
liek great great
but the movie is really good
it just didnt appeal to me
I watched half of it and got bored
like all great films, a film about masculinity
shame susan
I felt like I was missing stuff
When did watchmen come out?
09
Lol drok "I need further clarification: Am I a white man, and is the toy large and black?"
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42scsx/i_20f_woke_up_to_my_boyfriend_24m_masturbating_on/czcpfta
why is that girl so uptight
no comment but that's really nothing to freak out over
its so normal that iv elived with 4 men and slept over with 100s and i t neve rhappene dto me
lol
how is it normal?
it snothignt of reak out over
.context
but its not in womens experienc enormal
gross man
i wish we coul dgo back to menand women hiding things from each other
he came all over her
ew
lol
"normal!"
I would be pissed
I have no issues with cum
just dont do it while I am asleep
AtlasB++
I dont like this new "normal"
its porn normal
porn has done this
you don't like a surprise cream shower?
no Lonny
and its not normal in my world
surprise cream showers would result in extreme freak out from me
lonny
why do you beleive thats normal
explain
?
Sometimes I see the things women in my facebook feed post and I just want to shake them by the shoulders. The extreme need to be loud, right, and in your face agressive is so exhausting.
yeah i had a facebook that i seldom used but would check in on once in awhile. found a lot of older friends from school ended up being stronq independant wymmnz
I was joking
down to one girl literally dying her underarm hair hot pink
though I don't think it is a big deal
eithe
It's not a big enough deal that they should break up over it or anything, but it's definitely weird enough to earn a side eye or two 
she should just say "don't do that again"
I would have a conversation about it
promptly deleted 80% of users and just use it mostly to keep in touch with close friends and relatives now lol
when 
i calmed down
I would classify it as a red flag
but it wwould definitely make me thing
*think
Unless it was an attempt to start sexy times flirtatiously that failed
and if he did it again after I said don't
then I would break up
I can see how someone awkward could think they were being sexy that way
i dont want to be made all sticky whike I sleep
I cut mine down, too.  There's this one gal left that's always been a one-upping attention whore.  She's my occasional entertainment.
and then I bet I would have to wash all the damn bedding
that was now full of cum after I rolled over
ew
She likes to instagram her occasional run, with a picture of her and the dog and a little map of the route.  Does she think people care?  
lol theres enough of that on ppd to fulfill anyones need for entertainment
they do actually, yes
it doesn't seem that weird to me
Oh, and the fitbit chart as well.  It's all in a little collage.
I have one that I keep around too. She's now genderqueer transfluid something or somesuch and chaned her name to be gender neutral, uses they/them pronouns. I've known her since I was a kid and she serves as a reminder of everything I'm not.
http://blog.chasabl.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Chub09.jpg
changed*
i need to promote this
instead of losing weight
really being masturbated on while you sleep doesn't seem weird witzie?
buartha: i think that's one of those things
a guy would think is acceptable
A quote from her Facebook- "We didn't cross the gender binary, the gender binary crossed us."
a woman inherently feel it's odd
totally noraml
yep totally normal witzie
transfluid lol wat
Oh here's the post I was looking for
uh
I feel alien today
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/sIU6qErl/
yeah payton thats similar to this one
lold
I think it's fucking weird
lol why susandeath 
People already share that sort of stuff on my fb feed filozof 
cause of all these people who seem to think its normal to masturbate on to your sleeping gf
she got all offended that she was using power tools at work and some grown man made a comment about how it was impressive that a woman knew how to do that and she got all flippant WE ARE PEOPLE TOO HOW DARE YOU
Lol
its alien
susandeath: count me with you
filo have you lost much weight
it wouldn't really bother me
it's these 20 year olds
it's not even masturbating
^
I'd be kind of flattered
I am sure I made a wrong turn at venus
I bet she gets mad when people hold the door for her, too?
seriously? that was the most appropriate reaction?
im sure
but realistically
im 7 years removed from them haha
we'd end up having sex
it would bug the hell out of me
I would yell a lot
 /eyeroll
and make him get up and wash my pyjamas
and the sheets
he knows he can get it on for sleep sex whenever he feels like
gross!
so why would I care
Who has the spare energy to be angry all the time! I might wear dresses and lipstick but apparenrly my feelers are tough as nails compared to these strong wimmin
exactly
so that is normal to you
indeed
but this couple has never discussed such a thing
<witzie> we'd end up having sex
So big bad and masculine that they get their panties in a bunch over *everything*
thank you
 /shrug i just cut em out. serve no purpose or interest to me
There's a MtF on my list, and she likes to share all kinds of womenly period articles.  She don't even get periods!  This one time she posted a list of things that are insulting to women - I remember there being an entry for calling them "girls"
see for me its the cumming on my back and hair thing that would piss me off
susandeath++
cum on my hair when I am sleeping
( -_- )
else it would be a non-issue
no one said anything about on the hair
now I have to get up and wash etc
lol
i dont mind him poking me
Pfft.  Call me a girl anytime, I don't care.
fuck no
to engage sex
Right??
Jack4ss in the thread thats what he did
oh
mb
but you;re not going to cum in my sheets/on my back/in my hair
he masturbated using her ass
while im sleep
i have limits
Yeah
that's a hard one
and then came on her hair and back
yep
I think the dude is a fucking weirdo sorry
not on my hair while I am asleep
or my back
How did she not wake up sooner?
maybe he was quiet
I'm a girl, I'm a girly girl, I like lingerie and nailpolish and makeup and long curled hair and I like having doors held for me and I like drinking Cosmos now and again SO THERE.
or quick
=)
Silent but deadly
yep
just imagine
if you half asleeo
then you gonna roll over on to your back
and now the whole bed is full of cum
I don't identify with the star fish hysteria cuz I love semi-asleep getting it on
hells no
what if we clean up
so idc
dude when I am sleeping
Haha.  I used to pretend get mad at a co-worker who persisted on calling me girly-girl.  I've fully embraced that term now!
and you disturb me
I will smakc you
i really never used to be a girly girl until i was in my early twenties
hawt
I'm the opposite 
it could be that I am reacting like this
cause I am having trouble sleeping at the moment
but i also wasnt a cunt
if Im sleeping and he wakes me up
I'm horny
immediately
so if things wake me up
Im kinda done sleeping
Ditto. I wasn't particularly girly until oh, the week before I met my husband actually. I was never a cunt, but I thought it was cool to be "one of the guys".
and that annoys me
no reason there has to be a polarity
so the situation is different for you witzie
i think calibrating wether or not your gf is ok with it is needed
yeah Jack4ss
I agree
yeah see, I never had to entertain the idea of a sleep buttfap
agreed Jack4ss 
and the guy didn't do so
so he is a fucking weirdo
cause the girl wakes up and sex happens
yeah Jack4ss 
some girls like being f'd when they are aslepe
see witzie I think in your case you and SP have it all sorted first
yeah susandeath 
not surprise
cum
it would feel weirder just to fap lying next to her
HOWEVER
if you butt hump your way into sex
I just realized I feel lots better about myself when I resort to a more natural womanly disposition. I guess it's "more work" but it's less trying.. if that makes sense.
I am not gonna put on a show for you 
I'm 75% asleep
yep
shits gonna be groggy and I'll probably be starfishing hardcore
what if you woke up to a warm wet sensation and SP was standing over you, coming?
lol
I get the finishing on her thing more than I get the bum masturbation tbh
that'd be a little weird 
because I always wake up
That just seems odd if it's not supposed to lead anywhere
hahahahah witz
starfishing hardcore
he probably wanted it to lead somewhere then she froze
the imagery
he was using his girlfriend as a masturbatory tool
I doubt it
my black GF would dig it
most ofthe reason I like sleepy sex is because I get free reign to be maximum lazy 
it's fun
heheh
I'm a lazy person
interesting http://tuckfrump.com/
your black girlfriend lonny? do you also have a white one?
lol
hey that's good marketing for trump
i wonder whats the real impact of those ads
lonny'sblackGF?
im pretty sure it makes people feel they will be socially ostracized for supporting trump
awww
lol oh that girl
so some people will be discouraged from it
the litle tuck frump face
is so cute
griddy your post
set her nether regions abuzz.
did you see this line from sardonis
hahahaha
nah filozof
Sardonis 
he's like a grandpa
Lonny_Z: sthap
im a high maintence girly girl, always have been, its great and i feel uncomfortable when i dont do all the "work" that it takes 
you see what I did there?
i prefer being dressed up and made up and what not vs sweatpants or flannel or other lazy girl uniforms
what are you doing Lonny_Z?
changing the lyrics to songs
ooh
and i like having doors opened, getting discounts, and all the other perks that come with being a sweet attractive girl 
I would not ever leave the house in sweatpants if I weren't on the way to the gym. And not ever would I leave with "pineapple hair" as I've heard it called.
Lol I'm so opposite of high maintenance girly but I'm still feminine
i hate that women look down on that sort of thing. its not for everyone but that doesnt make it wrong for others to enjoy being themselves
I think thats enough Lonny 
take it to afterdark
littlebee: Everyone has their brand of feminine! :) 
Exactly Payton :)
I wanted to pose a question here
It took me a long time to come to a place where I felt like I had a personal sense of style within my greater style "group" or whatever. 
don't make me move it to afterdark
I let my hair air dry on the way to work and slap some foundation and eyeliner on in the car before I go in haha
If my hair would dry on the way I would totally do that! I used to when I had an hour commute.
what question and are you gonna stop singing about cum?
right i dont want to see those three letters together for a bit
unless it's in AfterDark
you're umc griddy 
dat sweet upper middle class $$$ tho
i grew up squarely middle class
Okay, so, do any ladies here like being soaked in a man's ejaculate or what?
STAHP
i did
lol
just log off now
enough Lonny
afterdark
i was just hella exposed 
http://i.imgur.com/Hz9yjk5.jpg
JEFF

GET IT TOGETHER JEFF
hahaha
Yeah mine is usually around an hour each way
OH my god, I was just gonna link that. I'm so mad
I used to enjoy the thinking time occasionally, but I don't miss getting ready for work at the gym! I'm glad I'm closer to work so I can come home now.
"hella exposed" <-- griddy, do people say Hella where you live, or have you just been influenced by norcal lingo?
camille i realized the same thing. i used to be just jeans/tshirt. i would still get attention btu i was really "low maintenance"
hella is street talk fiat
but now i love dressing up, getting all fancied and seeing A's face when i come home from work (hes not up to see me leave)
Yes!! Me too!
fiat: i think we started saying it in HS
id ont even own sweatpants lol
thanks to No Doubt and The OC maybe
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42rcdr/what_is_something_that_you_were_surprised_about/czcgss2
if you listen to hip-hop you are sure to catch of wiff of hella
lol wow
but yeah growing up we didnt vacation on big trips
we were a road trip family
The OC? as in the tv show
because taking 4 ppl on planes is too much
to be UMC
I used to work at a gymnastics gym where sweatpant and a t-shirt or sweartshirt were the required uniform :/
griddy 
i imagine vacationing is easy
fuck dragoness
hahaha
little thats sort of how i used to be but now i have a makeup vanity and im a sephora vib lol
you love it
That's when you get girlied up once you get home :)
susandeath: The OC
awe payton gymnastics used to be my life i miss it so!
is the best show out of MTV
they should just NSFW tag the whole thread based on that comment
lmao jk
I love the OC
oh wait
lolol
isn't the OC about a bunch of rich whiteys?
wrong show
Laguna Beach!
like upper class
oooh
YES
hehehe
which is in the OC ugh
i sometimes think that people who are 5 years younger than me grow up in a completely different world
that makes much more since 
*sense
I still love The OC
Laguna BEach is the best show out of MTV!
susandeath: i loved the OC too
I was not in a good personal space for a lot of reasons back then. I have never done gymnastics personally, I was more involved in the tech side and database maintenance, but I loooved seeing the kids get new skills down. Seeing them so proud was adorable.
i was happy when they killed off Marissa
that show was my angsty teen years
christmakka barmitvakka
Mischa Barton
"Fellas, get yourself some anal beads. There's nothing quite like shooting a hot load of babies down someone's throat while she rips on that cord like she's trying to start a goddamn lawnmower."
yeah griddy
how is she doing now\
does anyone know what that means?
lemme google
Marissa got tiring
lmaooo!
the first hit
http://www.celebuzz.com/2016-01-26/the-oc-star-mischa-barton-friendly-reminder-exists-the-nice-guy-la-30th-birthday/
it also gave the show some maturity
at the headline
lmao
i guess everyone forgot about her
and the sad thing is 
she quit to show
to work on her movie career
her best gig was as the poisoined sickly ghost in The 6th Sense
haha ya i used to do competitive gymnastics when i was yougner. i wanted to go to the olympics lol
hehe
her character on the OC was such a cliche
https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/01/26/the-decline-of-technological-advancement/
butttt i trained too hard and ended up breaking my foot/ankle 3x and it set me back a lot. if i break it again ill need surgery :x
ahh she has an instagram https://www.instagram.com/mischamazing/
she lives
AtlasB: that reminds me
that doesn't tell me uch AtlasB
I was in Jamestown , VA
Oh no :(
what's the point?
and visited a mansion that hasn't changed since 1918 ish
so these were extrmeely wealthy ppl
Oh my goodness! Foot injuries are so scary, we only had two while I was working there.
their kitchen was better than most rich kitchens today
the fridge was the same
super advanced multi burner oven
all of the baking appliances
My little one is 4 and has tumbling class tonight. All the little ones running around trying to do flips and cartwheels is so adorable. 
nothing;s advanced that much in that arena
housing has mainly improved marginally for upper and upper middle class; 
the rest of the house was old timey looking
but the kitchen was remarkably modern 
i was amazed
note that the blog puts main focus on housing, which is one of the things that has gotten more expensive over the years
most things have become cheaper from technology
cheaper and more efficient
hm
I've gone down the rabbit hole on this person's facebook and I'm just gonna leave this here. http://www.femmespace.net/#!the-femmes/c1fqx
food is produced more effectively to support larger pop, cars are safer and more fuel efficient, electronic devices are smaller and more powerful
etc
then what is the cause of housing being more expensive?
because there is no tech advancement
real estate's one of the few things that has gotten less affordable, so by focusing on that i think it slants the view a bit
IM HEATING UP FOOD PAYTON
WHYYYY
There's so many description words I didn't know existed, haha
but really what is there too advance? cheaper building materials? more efficient heat transmission through houses etc?
unx of color, queerfemme, hardfemme, amazon bitch goddex, trans, nonbinary, asexual, queer-romantic, chubby, brown, intersectionalist, baha'i, neurodivergent
What IS that. What does that mean!!
"Amazon bitch goddex" wow
I had to google the plain ole femme 
RedManBearPig: i think there are lots of factors but i think it just has to do with the different set of laws and socioeconomics regarding real estate
that you don't have to consider for commodities that were mostly improved by tech advancement
right
I was thinking the same
e.g. our civil engineering has improved, but in lots of areas the laws haven't kept up
But their microwave probably sucked griddy
drok: but their toaster overn was super fast!
I do like toast
eww
payton they are snowflakes
dont you know
so basically the slow moving beast that is western goverments isn't keeping up like it usually is
business as usual
I could read these for days I think
i prefer toaster ovens to microwaves
gets things perfectly crisp, quickly
I wonder how fast sandwich technology accelerated after sliced bread
LOL
https://static.wixstatic.com/media/00916c_8fb1e0ffc7a34efaa3997928fe3e871f.jpg/v1/fill/w_600,h_901,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01/00916c_8fb1e0ffc7a34efaa3997928fe3e871f.jpg
LOL
The one with the beard
Whyyyy
I imagine it was similar to wright brothers -> landing on the moon
I haven't burst out laughing out loud in far too long, thanks for that little_red_ 
lolll
Because people probably realized they wanted paninis shortly after
.quote witzie98
lol
all i can hear is "DUUUUUDE LOOKS LIKE A LADY"
Oh my god did you see Pizza Cupcake
That's the name she gave
Pizza Cupcake.
i wanna hear my quotes
how do i do it
LOL
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/42s7B7BF/
My name is "Pizza Cupcake". Please take my politics seriously!
topkek
She's fatspreading.
depends on what you consider sandwich tech drok
Heyyy DG69 
is baking my croque madame sandwich tech?
Like manspreading, only hers is an empowering message to oppressors.
.quote Jack4ss1
grilling it in a pan*
you don't have any quotes!
Jack4ss you loser
.allquotes
"People often see fat folks as taking up too much space by simply being themselves and the same goes for femmes. For too long on public transit I would contort myself into painful positions as not to touch another person on a crowded BART train. Yet their hostility remained. I've been groped and yelled at as well as had my picture taken non-consensually.
Just for being fat and femme in public. I would wear the most modest and drab clothing hoping no one would notice me. I am sick of disassociating just to get through my morning commute and I'm ready to spread my legs and arms wide."
da fuk
.quote filozof1
"Men would hit on me then get mad when they realized I was trans"
i made bazilions of funnys
paninis are BAE
wow what a surprise
lolol
jacks you did
youre so funny
.quote griddy1 
but why get a panini press
She's going to have to work harder. Marilyn has her beat
you almost made me die
when you said
dont feed my ego atlasB
i will explode
when you can just use a george foreman type grill
Supp buartha 
there are quotes of Jack4ss but I can't find them
.quote
and do more with it
.quote
"my head feels like a dumpling, i dont know whether to call a Dr or gordon ramsey"
omg was that quoted?
lol
i dontknow lol
it should be
TransLatina?
What the shit is that?
.quote add "my head feels like a dumpling, i dont know whether to call a Dr or gordon ramsey" - Jack4ss 
when you make yourself stand out and youre suprised that people are noticing how much you stand out and you get get mad about this
i just
wat
.quote witzie69
lolol
i have lots of shower thoughts
.quote witzie92
bwahahahhaahhaha
theres one Jack4ss !
haha
i knew it
i like that one
She doesn't exist for their viewing pleasure little_red_ come on get with the times
was on iphone; it's easier to type now
Hahaha
They dress in neon tents for their own self-expression, not so you can look at them. God, why are you such a shitlord little red?
9:53 AM <RedManBearPig> so basically the slow moving beast that is western goverments isn't keeping up like it usually is <-- what should the gov'ts do though?
I kinda want to see all my quotes
.quote witzie1
that was aimed at filozof wasnt it
.quote witzie2
.quote witzie3
im sry its the patriarchal oppression in me speaking
you know
im so sry
change the law?
when filozof was asking how to kill his minecraft character XDD
drok we should clean some of these out
Yeah definitely
.quote del witzie2
I made the horrible mistake of looking up Pizz Cupcake on facebook.
you're saying the law didn't keep, well then you change it
.quote del witzie3
Pizza
.quote
those are funny but need context
ha
.quote witzie4
.quote witzie5
12:58 PM <little_red_> when you make yourself stand out and youre suprised that people are noticing how much you stand out and you get get mad about this
A lot of things are not the fault of "some politicians" though. they are the fault of peopel voting for the policies
for example, californians have no one to blame but themselves
.quote witzie6
I user to yell at the other punks for this
I was like
Do allquotes
because they hvae ballot initiatives "direct democracy"
right fiat
.allquotes
.allquotes
Uh we have green hair!
so democracy is the problem
lol
.allquotes
stop staring at my liberty spikes wth
Aren't we trying to get looked at?
"Neuro divergent"
I had green liberty spujes
an example that keeps real estate values high in some states is low property taxes
Spikes
in it's current state
it's generally "anti-youth"
Code word for "delusions of grandeur"
i think i remb you sharing a picture from hs
pretty sure in democracy the people are to blame for everything
right
: <Jack4ss> u fukin imbecile. <witzie> U fukin imbecile <Jack4ss> man what has this room become
Lol
its especially funny how people complain about politicians
low property taxes are better for older people who already have their houses and don't want to pay high taxes for what they already own
but if they don't sell, then there's low supply and high value
when in fact its the fault of those who voted for them
.quote blowing12
and young people will never be able to afford
to move into some higher value areas
Jack4ss is one of the funniest guys in irc
near their work
Lol
well it's not like we have politicians who come with crazy innovative ideas.
This is all word salad
i will send you to syria if you put too much butter on my sandwich
politicians have their hands tied sometimes. not always just their fault
TransLatina, neuro divergent, alien girl
wtf.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/ktOABvBc/
but maybe they shouldn't have allowed ballot initiatives for these kinds of decisions
who knows
witzie: quotes are room specific
x___________x
basically in this situation everyone is to blame
So are ranks
I'm sorry little_red_ 
oh lord
my soul
it died
what the fuck is that?
right it's never the fault of one person or group
lazy voters
Pizza Cupcake
there is nothing right with the world anymore
I removed a lot of ranks
lazy politicians
.ranks
lazy everything
I'm pretty sure I'm going to have to save this link for a rainy day.
That is a fat fuckin bitch
Hodamn.
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/E3jBWt1l/
She squats a lot more than I do though.
Those are all 10s
No she doesn't.
Are they?
.karma
Yes. The one closest might be a 15
The others are all 10s
.karma
I even got rid of my rank
I'm a cat rank
And if your bodyweight is like 375, a 160 squat isn't that impressive. imo, anyway
I guess my plates are a lot fatter so whew, I feel better.
.quote witzie84
see we got it
But just to clarify
That's 175
hnnnng i want dis
http://imgur.com/a/7lGR3
Crossfit uses the bumper plates. They're made out of rubber, so they can be dropped.
.quote witzie94
.quote witzie96
my vanity is just a little brown table q__q
I would be the cucking tiger, not the cucked tiger
it is also a result of apathy fiat
Jack4ss++
yeah Jack you are funny
gotta run real quick ladies, ill be back in a bit!
Drok I just cracked up at your answers to griddy's toy question
See ya little_red_ 
yeah, RedManBearPig, i think there's good reason for it. because it's hard to pinpoint one problem. I mean, if an old person is not selling his home, do you blame him?
That thing's vegan too
Must live on oreos
Dildodynamics lol
ofcourse not
blame him for contributing to high cost/low innovation in housing?
right
Haha
and it's also no one's fault that the economy has developed in a way that a lot of production has become centralized
so certain areas end up being hotspots for work
right
and real estate values skyrocket in those areas
The eyebrows are all so bad
They look like Bert
From Sesame Street
if there was an easy single target to blame people might stay passionate
The point is apointing blame is not gonna help, but not doing anything is not going to help either
but it's easy to become apathetic about things you don't know solutions for
It's the uniform
My husband took a peek over my shoulder as I was scrolling through that website and he was all "why? what is even going on there?" and then walked off shaking his head when I tried to sum it up. 
people have become extremely apathetic, at least the general public
we only care about the small issues that might affect our lives
There are (obviously) not enough words to describe... that's why they've started making them up, of course.
(see refugees)
Yeah. 
https://np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/42n35b/my_exwife_is_refusing_to_follow_our_custody/
what the flying fuck
As funny as this all is, I'm honestly really sad for a lot of these people. I can't imagine being so lost in the world that being myself isn't good enough without this layer of ridiculous political icing.
"my new wife threw our daughter a first moon party. My daughter was very embarrassed that all her friends, family and neighbors knew and she got mad and yelled at her step mom. I admit that I probably overreacted but I made her get out of bed and go to the party anyway"
:(
Lol
oh by the way. If we say anything about the refugees in the Netherlands now the police might visit us
hooray
if we say anything on social media*
yay
welcome to the future
The police will visit you even if you are not inciting violence?
RedManBearPig? ^
hold on I'll grab you the article
my first thought after reading "florida" and "ex-wife" was blowing
fiat?
Wow
we get that in the US but only
when people are inciting violence
most of europe has hate-speech laws
still retarded when FBI needs to interrogate 13-14 yr old girls
so if you say fuck the jews publicly
im throwing a party when my son has his first boner
you will probably have problems with the law
griddy++
when he successfully jerks off for teh first time
thats what you throw the party for
tell everyone
all the girls at school
Lol
maybe this is part of the step-mom's plot to get the daughter away!
When I was in Williamsburg I kept saying "look at all the Jews!"
im pretty sure half of poland would be in jail if you got thrown for saying negative things about the refugees
i heart Williamsburg
http://www.nrc.nl/next/2016/01/20/u-twittert-wel-heel-veel-zei-de-politie-1578392
Because they had to walk around in the blizzard on Saturday
it's in dutch
omg like that Hungarian lady
who was tripping all of th syrians running
google translate should help you if you use chrome
fiat++
can't find a translation
she was so funny and awful
like watching her trip ppl was insane
Nica didn't like it though said I was dehumanizing them
Like they were in a zoo
she was fired from her tv station
A Jew zoo?
There were even little ones too
Jewlets 
Lol
Jewies
Jewbies
like "newbies"
and fiat if you don't use chrome
no it's not directly inciting violence
Jew jew beans
but calls for protest
a jew zoo
roflol
i got it translated. thanks RedManBearPig 
it wasn't even against refugees
it's refusal to accept refugeecentres to be built carelessly
and speaking out
https://i.imgur.com/OvV4oEg.png
what did he write exactly?
it's funny how easy it is to create a state with no free speech
he? it was several people who spoke out
Worst advice ever: https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/42s1br/at_a_bar_best_response_to_buy_me_a_drink/czcm30s
and got visited
i'm pretty sure the prevalent opinion on SRS is that people who support capitalism etc. shouldnt be free to speak their mind
because they are perpetuating oppressive systems
it's pretty creepy that they're calling his tweets "seditious"
AtlasB: who would be worse, bernie or hillary?
Jaysus witzie that's horrifying, no wonder the daughter doesn't want to go back
Lol PhantomDream 
yes filozof
Does he think he's in a movie? 
Salty virgins advising salty virgins
ftw
Scratch that, it wouldn't even work in a movie
At best, it might make me laugh at him
https://pplswar.wordpress.com/2016/01/26/republicans-for-bernie-sanders/
And she even invited the neighbours. Dear lord
in your article it suggests that the police aren't really arresting them, RedManBearPig 
I liked that string of comments after ciswhitedipshit took a shot at us
ew ew ew
re the advice
that they are being sent to tell these people that "your tweets are wrong and you should feel sorry for yourself"
they aren't
Exactly
I still want to write a novel and throw it at his face
it's making them feel criminalized
I'd probably think something was wrong with my hearing aids and that I heard him wrong
like "o if RPW actually followed RP they'd be learning how to cook and being pretty and they wouldn't have trouble meeting men! but that takes discipline and women don't have that lolololol"
that is what prostitutes do 
meanwhile we're all having nice relationships
and he's spanking it into a sock every night
ha-ha
we win, fag
i think RPS is handling it well PhantomDream 
This is not up to the cops, in fact this goes against the principle of the cops being a separate organ from the goverment
but the comments by cwm were way out of line 
That's why I went to him Camille
its so odd that police in europe are taking political sides like this. it reminds me of that swedish chief that said he'd rather not give out info that would help swedish nationalists
I didn't want to escalate things
But I still have MANY opinions 
It's being enforced
lifterofthings++
i don't like police being political like that
haha for sure PhantomDream :)
The police got orders
To maintain a "civil" discourse
i dont understand why people keep pushing for frankness about sex
where is the fun in saying "are you going to have sex with me" the second you meet soemone
Nobody likes it either
how are you building attraction? a relationship? (if only for that night
you have to understand where they're coming from
which is generally "i haven't seen a real pair of tits since my mom's, 25 years ago"
the thirst is real
I have decided that my new favorite thing is calling anger RP users "feminists"
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/42spzl/got_pissed_off_over_something_that_really/
this is why men race-win and women race-traitor:
"The valuing of difference, and the view that ethnicity and ethnic culture
is a benefit that made the children special, different, and unique,
is echoed by all of the white ethnic wives in the study. Many of the Euroethnic
wives in my study were distinctive in that most of them appeared to
be more cognizant about the issue of ethnic identity with regard to their
children than were the Euro-American husbands in the study and, for the
most part, were enthusiastic about helping their children engage it in some
form"
fuck
stupid formatting
https://kuscholarworks.ku.edu/bitstream/handle/1808/14641/Chong_2013.pdf
It is happening because people attacked a town hall in the Netherlands. The local government was trying to quickly push for building a refugee centre so they could cash in on it before the end of 2015
I guess they don't care that a woman approaching you for a drink is flirting
so why do they divorce their asian husbands SerNemesis 
The fast-tracking was ongoing as the people attacked in protest
cause their asian husbands drag them to colorado and beat them
most asian husbands aren't like that
otherwise all women asian women included are completely vindicated in only going for white guys
The post doesn't even make sense, I have no idea why he's mad
Hi y'all 
hey coochquarantine 
Hi coochquarantine , PhantomDream that was excellent delivery :P
most asian husbands don't marry white
yeah RedManBearPig it's not hard to imagine for homeowners. I saw one of my older home's values plummet because of speculated section 8 housing being planned in the vicinity 
(section 8 housing is for poor people)
so i imagine it would be that much worse wrt to large refugee centers
wait what? did i miss something? how was he used?
it wasn't homeowners though
right it was probably much more ubiquitous than just homeowners
He got mad because she slapped a sticker on him 
it was people not agreeing with how the government handles this crisis
...
That's what I took away from that 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42svws/simple_questions/
im glad no one encouraged him in the commetns haha and yours was great PhantomDream 
http://m.imgur.com/r4LAdhg
lol such a great episode, such a great show
witzie remind me to run the numbers on the 2011-2013 nsfg dataset
this weekend
So Jd saw my reddit account the other night. 
He asked me if I ever post 
I said uhhh yeah. Just things about gender roles and how they are important in relationships.... 
lol pixie
pixiedelights> My husband took a peek over my shoulder as I was scrolling through that website and he was all "why? what is even going on there?" and then walked off shaking his head when I tried to sum it up. 
When I said gender roles I knew he tuned me out. Lol. 
i'm gonna try looking at marriages from say 2000-2005
and see what their 7 year divorce rate is
lol phantom re the sticker
that dude sounds liek a feminist who finds offense in every thing
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/f1zZtjmU/
from your article, SerNemesis ^
that fits quite well with the radicalization of Hapas
i mean /r/hapas
yeah
omg bdtb just made a brilliant post: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42p50g/cmv_blue_pill_types_are_contemptuous_towards_men/
LOL Cooch
the double standard is so obvious on reddit
SP?
usdaprime?
Am I just completely ignorance, because this attorney in your article just seems off about "natural selection", SerNemesis 
"I have two feelings about biracial kids. First of all, they [biracial kids] are the best. . . . The body will naturally select the best genes of the parents. . . . So typically, biracial children are attractive or this or that."
lol there is r/hapas?
really? the body "naturally selects the best genes of the parents"?
biracial people have health issues
like not being able to get transplants
bone marrow donorsetc
that's bullshit fiat
stuff like that
what really happens is that they get more diverse genes
nah that's bullshit fiat
biracial people have plenty of advantages, but that's not how natural selection works!
due to inheriting the immune systems of both parents
why are even attorneys getting this wrong
that's not natural selection fiat
which can occassionally be a problem, like with the transplant thing
Do you ladies think every woman would benefit from adopting a more traditional RPW role in her relationship, or do you think some women are better suited to be the leader of her relationship?
a strong immune system makes it harder to find transplants
since the immune system rejects more stuff
possible
haven't heard of that before
yes, diverse genes, and also more symmetry
i definitely think it depens on the man shes with
what fiat said
If she's with a submissive man that she can still fuck, and still finds attractive, I say there's nothing wrong with being dominant
plenty of examples of legit hybrid vigor without misunderstanding natural selection
yeah symmetry is also due to diverse genes
yeah
But what if she's single and looking
i think most women thrive when they are in male led relationships 
and women who are both dominant and prefer to be the lead in relationships are in the minority
D: dude that's not natural selection plz
Depends-- how attached is she to being "the boss"?
I've heard it's good to have drastically different genes
it hurts my brain
For the immune system stuff
The girl I work out with is highly dominant, very independent, single mom and super alpha
payton id have ot say a single woman adopting rpw mindset would be beneficial but im also biased
because ive seen what good its done for my life
no such thing as an alpha woman Payton 
omg payton y ou work with my ex coworker
I know a few dominatrix. They still want a man to dominate them. It just makes me believe that women on some base level want/need it 
did you read my post on relationship dynamics?
she was a self proclaimed man-eater
That's how I feel little_red_ but when I look at my friend I just don't think she could ever be a submissive woman who would defer to a partner. I did Camille
yes coochquarantine i think almost all women need a male lead relationship
She's H for sure, but I'm not sure what her threshhold is
maybe she just needs the right man to tame her
I think those women who cling to the idea they should be the dominant one it's out of fear. 
Lack of trust 
isn't marrying outside of your race the reverse of inbreeding
Low self esteem 
biracial people can't get AIDS
or not being around capable men
Maybe. But that's a big maybe 
I think those would benefit from RPW
She's sort of in the lingering embers of a 6 year relationship that was highly toxic but of course I only hear her side. She's self proclaimed crazy, one of those "if you can't handle me at my worst you don't deserve me at my best" kind of women.
The ones who legit are happy to be running everything, and can still respect/appreciate a man who takes the first mate role are fine, imo.
Not being around capable men is equivalent to saying all women are crazy imo
My buddy's like one of those.
idk how she stands her husband
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42ruyb/rpw_is_not_one_size_fits_all/czcurai
But she still desires him and loves him even though he's a big manchild
There are a lot of capable men. But women who are H won't see that in them 
coochquarantine no i think if you look at the black community youll see a lot of women without capable men to lead them
exogamy can easily occur within the same race
different ethnes
an ethnicity is a large extended family thats somewhat inbred
biracial people can't get aids, what?
a race is a collection of related ethnes thats fuzzy on the edges
So what would be wrong with being with a white Latino or Asian man. 
if a swede marries a slav
thats exogamy
Probably depends on the location, but that can lead to a lot of problems in some communities
cultural differences, not feeling attraction, them not being attracted to you, theres lots of reasons 
marrying different familes is exogamy
Family pressure, too.
well put wing
It seems like a lot of families are more interested in you finding someone who fits their bill than finding someone who makes you happy.
iirc bakerofpie was tattooed/etc, doesnt make her a "bad rpw" because of it
ecaus ewomena rent good
and determining
great comment WingN you should sticky it if you can
who makes them happy
women choosing their ownmates has been an unmitigated disaster
right i'm intercaste
that's exogamy
right
it doesn thave to be interracial
to be hybrid
yeah
just the farther the populations the more hybridization you get
my parents are two vastly diff strain of ashkenazi jew
*genetically farther
i think i ate too much shortbread
There's some advantages to endogamy, but i think those are more for the tribe itself
as in it doesn't hide deficiencies within the tribe
easier to root them out
yeah
inbreeding is really good for natural selection
are you losing height Jack4ss ?
recessive genes get removed from the gene pool
whats fascinating to me
is how much you favor one parent or theother
yeah i told my mum specifically to get longbread, but she never listens
so visibly
and obviously
im 100% my dads side
my feature smy bone structur emy brain
interesting AtlasB 
I think my siblings and I favor both
of course fiat one problem with long term inbreeding is that people have mixes of bad genes and good genes
so without cross-breeding to create various random mixes
you can't remove the bad genes without removing the associated good genes
bad genes are removed through inceldom
dominant bad genes are visible
i guess recessive ones might be a prob
indeed!
recessive hiding ones are always a problem
inbreeding helps you remove the recessive ones
Ok I updated it to make it more clear that there are two messages. Just a couple words. nothing drastic. 
to an extent
of course if you want to create a healthy breed with certain characteristics the trick is to keep cross-breeding but do assortative mating to select for the characteristics you're going for
ooh this is cool
oh there is an irc app?
One. Stay moderate in your look to attract more men. Two. Once you have a man do what he likes. 
its always super buggy on my phone
Yes
and its CHL certified! (witzie)
http://girlygogarter.com/
nice
right
e.g. if you want to create a breed of healthy sperglords you can breed a bunch of nerdy white and jewish guys with nerdy chinese japanese and korean chicks
ooh awesome Camille 
Ooh yes!
chuck em in the pot
^ that covers both the nature and the nurture parts of spergdom!
hey you got a stew goin
yes fiat
I love Maddox. omg.
This shit is so fucking funny
My great grandparents were cousins
It's our family shame
But there was no one left in the village
First cousins, dg69?
that explains the fet-life account
Yes from what I know
ok +1 to shame score
And I might be related to anyone in Ireland because they just gave away their extra babies
that's what the moslems do
I have secret cousins all over the place
lol DG69 
So I feel like it's time the gene pool diversifies a bit
I'm gonna mix it up
can't we have a system next our karma system. We call it  "Shame" instead of retracting karma we inflict shame on the person
The only solution is to race traitor, DG69 
Yep fiat
It's my destiny
wait a min it's your great grandparents
Lol RedManBearPig we can rack up shame points
Yes
i don't think 2nd or 3rd cousin marriages are that big of a deal
RedManBearPig++
i like that
Yeah fiat my grandpas folks
drok should implement that sometime
okay fiat i want to see if you have noticed this pattern
.context
My grandpa and all his siblings have weird things they attribute to it, like losing their hearing, or having weak bones
lifterofthings: Maddox! Haven't looked at his stuff in ages. Used to read it daily in high school
i feel like the WMAF marriages fall into a general spectrum - on the one hand more nerdy white guys with chinese, korean, japanese females, and on the other hand less nerdy and often more athletic white guys with females from southeast asia and the pacific islands (i.e. LBFM ethnicities)
Less nerdy men want full grown physically mature women
high status white men (e.g. doctors, lawyers etc.) tend to marry either
right AtlasB 
You want shame points?
i imagine it is a mix of physical and personality preferences
yes drok
Lol
i was thinking that when wing posted about it the other night lol
I can add it
It will be awhile though
i can shame people for race-traitoring then
Busier with school and travel coming up
SerNemesis: yes, i see that pattern too
.help
What interests me is I'm not my h first older woman 
but aside from what you and AtlasB hypothesize, i'd add it's a matter of homogamy
.join #superior
Even at 25 (him)
because the people you describe marrying each other tend to be within same caste
Also late 20's/early 30's little_red_?
"nerdy white guys" in white collar professions
tend to be more around east asians
yeah
rugged, masculine white guys who tend to be more blue collar
being around south easy asian women
lol "south easy"
because older woman are better at quelling their high dominance against a high dominance man AtlasB?
Its the same reason masculine guys want deference from string women 
hahaha
fiat++
*southeast
im 27
just an idea
And more beta guys want "submission"
right
Has anyone ventured over to /r/drama?
Hellow rlg are you an RPW?
Yes
 /r/purplepilldebate you mean?
Theporn stars my h likes are very full and thick
I can't remember the ones name
Eve something 
They posted the link to /u/queen_oops post 
I hadn't until now coochquarantine ... we're right up top, huh :/
Yeah. 
lol 
rlg what's your reddit account username?
readlovegrow
I was just in the Simple Questions post
cool can you PM me on reddit rlg, my username is Camille11325
Not sure if they are a blue pill kind of parody but they seem to all agree what a weirdo she was 
Awesome, welcome rlg!
Oh hey rlg 
I tired downloading the app, but CQ recommended I try the computer first!
tried*
Glad you figured it out 
not a fan of his username but johnny is at least bringing up reasonable points
oh hi! thanks!
more or less what we tried pointing out from the comment.5 ive read of his
while that has an influence, i think it mostly just has to do with accessibility. There aren't enough SEA women in higher tier colleges
Edit: the opinions of several (or even many) anonymous users who took a glance at an absurdly exaggerated stereotype of my life is not going to change how I post on Reddit.
they get fucked over by being lumped in with Hindus and East Asians as "Asian American and 
pacific islander"
LOLD hard at "absurdly exaggerated stereotype"
THIS IS STUFF YOU POSTED ABOUT YOURSELF
and suffer from soft quotas by colleges 
Camille11325, Pm'd
Hahahah
No self awareness 
At. All. 
and higher tier colleges are where they'd have gotten hooked up with beta white males
"True. That's how meth babies are born. I'm not denying that." HA
i strongly doubt most beta white males would mind if a decent enough SEA woman took interest in them
A lot of people automatically assume that being socially liberal means libertine. It doesn't.
Like I'm reading the comments and this is the only sub that seems to get it outside of trp network that understand that rpw and trp are different strategies
yeah my dad is a sophia loren fan
makes sense
she had the body type that Italian men and black men would naturally gravitate to
who does?
.context
my father
oh
sophia loren
ah
yep
Freedom from choice doesn't mean freedom from consequence. Tattoos, smoking, drug use, bisexuality....these directly correlate with low time preference and poor life choices
Wow, this is fabulous:
RedPillWomen is a cliquey new age internet community of women nerds, male sockpuppets, and MTF prostitutes who seek to live submissive feminine lives TO THE EXTREME.
didn't she die in mysterious circumstances?
HahahahahahahhhahahahHHH
there actually was a MTF prostitute once 
"Frankly, it's amazing to me that the posters there are being as charitable as they are, considering that OP is basically a train wreck that happened in a garbage dump. As a wise man once said, "You can't turn a ho into a housewife.""
well porn star not prostitute 
where is that Payton ?
i think she's alive
<AtlasB> What interests me is I'm not my h first older woman <-- t's not an age thing, more a HDH thing
HDHT
or whatever that acronym was
https://archive.is/Li9jO#selection-2007.231-2007.303
Someone posted it originally, OP of this thread stole it the topic
And a commenter posted that snap from the archive
11:36:40 <+fiat> i strongly doubt most beta white males would mind if a decent enough SEA woman took interest in them
Right
SEA?
asian?
.addterm SEA Southeast Asia or Southeast Asian
Though they would appreciate the east Asian girl who plays vidyah games with them more
Mashakos: like Vietnamese, Thai, Cambodian, etc
most white men probably have the misconception that all asian girls are submissive
now queen whoever is posting about how her life is tabloided on the internet qq
wait till they meet little miss Asian princess, hehehe
thats literally what you did posting all of your information on reddit, a very public space
thats no ones fault but your own
that post was such a mess
Well when we use SEA we lump them in with the other low achieving lbfm countries
The Pacific islanders
right we include filipinas, 
11:41:51 <Mashakos> most white men probably have the misconception that all asian girls are submissive
still lol that she says she got out of a srs relationship at 22
they get fucked over by being grouped together in "Asian American" category too
shes 28
I don't think that is as true for the nerdy ones
single for 8 yrs
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/H2Fl81zN/
...22+8=28
lemme guess
eve lawrence?
I can math gud
damn calculators on the fritz again mine must be broken
Wait
Her kid is five
The rich dudes that want an Asian doll probably assume Asian women are submissive
yes
Why is this just clicking for me now
mhm
But she doesn't have casual sex even though she has been single for 8 years ;)
all of the famous filipino women
exactly
are half white
Which to be fair many sea women probably are as long as you let them run the house
yet she had a kid in that time 
Mashakos: yeah there are lots of misconceptions. What's especially stupid is when some guys complained about Western women's hypergamy while praising Asian women and eastern european women
Vanessa Hudgens
Right griddy
Nicole Scherzinger
Winner winner chicken dinner
Hahah yeah fiat
please, they are way more hypergamous
Yeah
I mean own it. You dun fucked up. That's great of you want yo change but shes just in denial
Those are the most hypergamous women out there
it's not as common to see that  now though. i think enough asian and eastern european men spoke up about how things are
just so much lol when you SPILL your life out on the internet and then tell the world they are misinterpreting your life 
with your own given information
White Latin and black women don't hold a candle to Asians and east Europeans for hypergamy
yeah she wants a high value man without improving herself or admitting flaws 
RIGHT! I've been everytyhing she is (with the exception of mother) and my world is a million percent different now. My husband appreciates the knocks I took in life. He wouldn't accept them in a wife, but he appreciates the road that brought me to him. What's important is that I'm NOT that person NOW and she doesn't seem to get that.
ahh my fave
Shay Mitchell
you are a 28yr old single mom of a 5yr old whos dad wasnt even present for his birth, you claim that there should be nothign wrong with having NSA sex and that you smoke pot daily, you live with your uncle and go to raves
i made literally 0% of that up
i think polish women are more romantic
russian ones tend to be gold diggers more
SerNemesis: no we dont
but she DESERVES a prince charming !! 
maybe its because theyre poorer
my asian friends joke about it
Asian politicians are literally struggling because of female hypergamy in asia. At least hypergamy isn't a crippling force on politics/economics in Western countries. lol
in college the asian chicks were the most ruthless
"Umm, what's his job? How tall is he? Is he cute?"
they were the ones with a checklist
and we are all horrible people for this "absurdly exaggerated stereotype"
more so than other women
its our fault that we frame her like this
right.
or they were more upfront with it
like zero shame
and i dont blame them
is hypergamy marrying for money and status?
the zero shame leads to them always marrying the billionaires
go them!
https://www.reddit.com/r/Drama/comments/42qadr/a_single_mother_with_a_habit_of_going_to_raves/czcq5zw
I don't understand why she came to RPW. Like I really don't- she said she'd been reading for a month or so?
Lol. I saw the thread after her comments were removed but I saw them in her history.... She is so out of line... That post about the Morse code... That was last week!! 
lold at the reaction gif
there is 0 redemption at all
im pretty sure i would never want to be a billionaire whose wife marries him for money
coochquarantine: I think I physically cringed when I read the morse code comment
yes cooch i mean
Rupert Murdoch didnt care
he was already old
http://41.media.tumblr.com/e4a91b1b925fa55e525502abbf0d78fb/tumblr_naqsjePiY21rasnq9o1_1280.png
and then she talks in another post about how shes constantly late to her job bc shes masturbating
any woman marrying him whilst looking like a raisin
This is why they're the most hypergamoud
was marrying for money
Hypergamy is seeking out the best man in your milieu
Everything goes back to this
Better than you
then she talks about how some reason about something or other something something not having to shave her ladybits
Yup, "Not that often, only about once a week"
And higher status than others
In some way
i mean just... please dont share that kind of stuff with the internet. just no.
(being late because of porn)
no, im pretty sure they are talking about different hypergamy
Hypergamy is why competitive eaters have groupies 
She's not ready
how do these people find us and why do they think it's a good idea to post 
even if this is your trainwreck of a life DONT put it on the internet
i admire the asian woman's ruthlessness and dedication to a good lifestyle 
Not all women can marry milkionaires
Maybe she will be one day but today is not that day
generally "seeking the best man" doesnt really mean anything, im also seeking the best women
Status is relative
It makes sense that exogamous community families would cause hypergamy
No it doed
Show me a western country where there are scores of "bachelor villages"
Status is irrelevant to women
You focus on marrying into the highest status family
practically bone-dry when it comes to marriagiable women
because all the women get married to guys from wealthier villages or cities
Fiat north dakota
show me that western country
Oh lol
Right different cause
im pretty sure in poland we dont have bachelor villages
and i'll believe that western countries are as hypergamous
so we're not even close when it comes to gold digging
gold digging is pretty frowned upon here, probably because we are westernized to a large extent
little_red_: Be prepared for the downvote army
But spot on in your comment though
also, women tend to be upfront about their love for thugs
so they probably value love more than money
i dont care about internet poitns
lol
That map explains everything you need to know about culture
http://41.media.tumblr.com/e4a91b1b925fa55e525502abbf0d78fb/tumblr_naqsjePiY21rasnq9o1_1280.png
filozof: what atlas said
hypergamy isnt about money
i was using asian women i know
It also leads to the prediction that south america and Ethiopia will outperform Africa and the middle east
then what is it about
i mean i can understand why being a single mom is hard
for them money is important
money is/was a proxy for status
but
And outperform India China and eastern Europe as well
ok, so hypergamy is about status
from the sounds of it (i cant find really any info about her past relationship  w the father) it sounds like that was her own choosing
status among men
thats why wherever men compete
women ar ethere
rodeos
but aside from that she has plenty of changeable faults that i just hope she realizes
competitive eaters
rap battles
filozof: i typically view it as this
sports
instead of thinking rpw is just picking on her 
if im impressed by a man
Not everywhere atladb
even local bar softball team
Atlasb
yeah the combative attitude is the worst 
mhm
i think status matters for women too, men want to have a chick they can brag about
if a man can impress me, im sold
thats why trophy wives exist
everywher emn compete in soemthing women understand
no
Right
thats her appearance
there are plenty of single moms who can date and marry men 
they dont brag shes a CEO
You won't see many women at defcon
hotness for a woman isnt a top alpha hotness
what does this have to do with hypergamy griddy
all hot women are hot
but all men
who are hot and 1 has status
because if im impressed by him it shows that he's competent 
he wins
for me it's a competency test in something i value
men dotn dream of marrying princesses for th estatus
women DO dream of marrying princess
i dont think men care about comptency in women as much
hence not hypergamy
The stereotype of the toxic single mom exists for a reason. Unless she's a widow - she was either young and dumb, or she was slightly older and dumb. 
wait, why, SerNemesis ?
I thought it was funny when a mod warned her  about her attitude and she flipped "who are you to warn me" or smwthing like that 
the great female romance trope
is the love triangle
Haha that was me. 
where the two highest status males
Ethiopia and South America, They use Famille nuclaire galitaire
are in love with you
and something intervenes to force a chocie
I wish I had been around to respond, but Camille cleaned things up very efficiently
Yup fiat
Nuclear family
But with equal inheritance
you can always tell omethings directed at women if theres that plotline
atlas shrugged
Beats extended family
GWTW
AtlasB++
xmen 1st class has it
i never read harry potte rbut i bet its in there
you can tell somethings directed at men if a nice guy gets the chick
eh barely
yes phantom yes
yup and theres always an alpha in the way
like titanic
see titanic had both
Hunger Games has it
Rift filozof and atlasb
thats why it was so popular
if you consider Peta "alpha"
but most dont
but even being a widow a single mom still has that baggage of some sort of unrequited love
she got two have two men wanting her
Peta is "Beta Bob" who won
who were great for two different reasons
only because the Alpha screwed up
and boys got to see th elow rent boy win the girl
actually i dindt like how that series ended
ugh she pissed me off
lol
the alpha usually has to die
in spidermen
shes told its her last warning and was dumb enough to be cunty in that very response
theres two alpha sin his way
because it wasnt a fairytale ending
Yeah but peta still fucking won a hunger games
harry
and the 1st guy she almost married
she easily could have checked to see that PhantomDream was a moderator
it was a "well i guess we should get married then"
haha kind of realistic
even still!
oh god hunger games
people groaned in my theater
when you go to a sub that you CLAIM to have been lurking
over the romance
drok did he?
she won it for him
asking for advice on what is going wrong w your dating game
Well there are two types of male movies
The one where the nerd manages to win the girl from.the jock
and those people give you feedback you dont get shitty about it
Eh
and then had to marry the weak beta male with pshychosis
He survived
i wasnt pleased
I mean it's all fucked up
And the more traditional one where the man accomplishes something and he gets the girl as a prize as a result
Because it had the girl power badass chick
"weak beta male with psychosis" hahaha
The girl is not central to the story she is just an extra reward
griddy++
also she claimed to be lurking but seemed to have no grasp of basic principles 
And 2 men pining for her
there is not way you can lurk on the sub and notknow that PhantomDream is a moderator
It's like all the tropes rolled into one
fiat he was suffering from mental breakdowns all the time!
lol
And it doesn't even make sense
the way it ended
omg her monologue
I loved in the second hunger gamrs
it was like the author
like if i were to post on MUA and was like "hey help me with my makeup game ^_^" and they were all like "that foundation color isnt right for you" "YOU DONT KNOW ME YOU DONT KNOW MY LIFE WHO ARE YOU TO JUDGE ME"
Well fwiw I thought stingray was a mod
is in a lustless marriage and was writing fan fic
who does that
Where Peta got to dread her
and forcing herself to love her husband
"I should appreciate what I have."
I did too for a bit but that's overmodding rather than undermodding coochquarantine :P
Katniss' words at the end
I wouldn't have looked at the sidebar either 
smh
God griddy
Lol
SerNemesis: you know it's true
you saw the movie
Yeah
haha little_red_ 
and she said all of this to the baby
not Peta
They never show whose kid it was at the end
Yup
because she don't want peta
lmao
She could have cucked him
drok true
Drok++
could have been the other guy's
lol
Payton: I see the difference
omg i think i just ruined that series for myself
PPD has ruined everything
Alright ladies I'm headed home have a good rest of your day. 
Bye coochquarantine 
ciao coochquarantine 
Watch "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire Movie CLIP #5 - J" on YouTube (The Hunger Games: Catching Fire Movie CLIP #5 - J: http://youtu.be/_CXtQec-aSc)
Griddy that epilogue was ridiculous
Best scene ever
Like wtf
Better be happy with shit
Nothing to do about it
lmaoo DG69 it was
i threw popcorn at the screen
Oh i haven't seen the last movie yet actually
But I read the books
im sure it wasnt too diff
haha SerNemesis i liked that character
she loved making katniss uncomfortable
reminded me of the scene from Pitch Perfect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnXAxzr4QBo
the hunger games is worthless drek
ahi tuna was on sale at sam's club. made this http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/thai-tuna-burgers-with-ginger-lemon-mayonnaise last night; was bomb. (did not turn out med rare, however)
That's what I like about RPW - the ECs are practically Mods in their own right
They definitely help fish out weird comments 
and trolls
RPW is a special community, and I really do believe that. 
No one wants to see it get overrun or watered down to the point of uselessness
And we're so great that even trans, gays, and men want to be included
later cooch
oh wow that looks good land
A is adamant for soem reason that i make him salmon though he hates fish
so im making salmon tonight lol
Lol griddy
i bought/tried making so many different kidns of whitefish for myself and always let him try a bite and foudn he actually likes mahi but says that salmon is better nutritionally. i dont know how to cook salmon to make it non-salmony so im just making a spicy salmon :x
Oh salmon is perfect baked with some johnnies seasoning
Griddy we should have been movie buddies
i think salmon's flavor profile is quite different than other fishes. you can't go wrong with it either, IMO :)
Johnny's?  Spelling lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42adrl/if_the_threshold_for_proving_rape_was_much_higher/cz9emfy
Wtf
I've baked it covered in orange slices before for people who don't enjoy fishy fish
my father always soaked fish in milk overnight with great success at eliminating the "fishiness"
maybe ill try orange slices next time. im not big on seasoning salts but i have almost every individual seasoning you can buy so im always able to whip something up
ah you know what land now that you say that i recall hearing that
drok!
the victim blaming obsession is really weird
though i think if A saw a fish sitting in a bowl of milk in our fridge hed vomit lol
i knew you secretly lurve Pitch Perfect 
but i might have to try that as well
recently there was someone who tried to help women detect a roofie in their drink
and was called a victim blamer
its like SJWs actually want women to be raped
hahahaha same. I ziploc and cover it. can't tell you how often i hear "WTF IS THAT!?!"
I love fish, the fisher the better.  Mackerel is awesome
so that they join their ranks
But I grew up in the PNW eating lots of it lol
lol land
And spent time in Japan
i love salmon
and king crab
he hates king crab because he cant justify putting that much work into food thats "ready to eat" lol
i made it for him once and i think he god through a leg and a half and said fuck it
But... But.. Cracking it out of the shells is the best part
hahahaha i think we have the same hub.
mine loves lamb chops yet almost NEVER orders them. "too much work, cutting around the fat" "too much work cracking those shells. i work all day i don't want to work for my food. you're nuts"
hes a simple man :)
No I ignored that
But the other stuff griddy
Wouldn't surprise me
Similar to how Marxists hated the welfare state
fail
ya he doesnt even like me buying bone-in pork chops lol
drok but yes, yes i agree 
We are somewhere well above normal people but below AtlasB
but hes always open to trying new foods which i love
On movie watching
I like to think of movie watching as a skill
those female-bashing threads on TRP are starting to get old
i'm getting more and more repulsed by that sub
Watching tv is my passion
lmaoo
same! he loves off the wall flavors. all sorts of indian, asian, middle eastern influences.  i was so worried because he grew up and ate SAD food all through 31, when we met. he just flipped and eats anything, provided it's not bland. 
filozof they unwittingly expect beta males and govt to save them from that responsibility
DG69 could join too, but you need to be east coast
filozof: embrace the repulsion!
hey i watch lots of tv too
speaking of movies
Also east coast
the only thing about A is no gallbladder so i have to be careful but he still loves spicy foods so theres a fine balance between yay yum spicy and spicybutt
I finally watched Fury
thoughts?
Haven't seen t
i have lots of experience binge watching mad men, breaking bad, and countless others
the WWII flick about the tank
boo
Oh
I should check that out
still have to check it too
im starting to really like Shia LaBeouf
he's in it
No
He will always be old Shia labeouf
nope
He doesn't get to change
it really is such a fine line! mine has IBS, so i hear ya
all im seeing now is new angsty shia
i like this him acting wise
not angsty
*brooding
plus his role in the movie wasnt brooding
Shia ain't so bad
also mine cat eat vegetables if he sees them on the plate
not a great actor
but if i hide them its ok
because science
 /s
http://cdn02.cdn.justjared.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/labeouf-director/shia-labeouf-fury-director-people-shocked-04.jpg
hahaha! see, occasionally men are irrational too ;)
plus he has my fav bodytype in a man
5'10ish
and just normal man stocky build
ahhhhh
Builtfat?
im only joking ^_^
whatever
it's normal
hahaha oh, per that other thread? 
but rugged
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/425kbz/cooking_for_a_man_who_doesnt_like_vegetables/
but still built
ya lol
I miss even Stevens
whoooosh, went over my head
Builtfat with a beard?
the fat part of builtfat is throwing me off
:p
builtavg?
My beard is out of control at the moment
I need to trim it a bit
Nah builtfat is builtfat
He looks good in that pic
im still hoping queen responds to my question about what exactly was exaggerated 
idk though
that's his body
http://www.nacion.com/ocio/musica/Shia-LaBeouf-bastante-descubierto-Sia_LNCIMA20150107_0143_1.jpg
it's compact
but not "big"
when DH goes to camp with his buddies, i pack him a pounds of green beans, pulled pork, packets of jerky and nuts, greek yogurts, etc. they devour it, all of them.  i love hearing from the spouses and GF's later "oh, he doesn't eat vegetables. oh i can never get him to eat healthy" bitch maybe you suck at cooking. 
Looks builtfat
again the use the word fat is throwing me off
lol
you're gonna be waiting a loooooong time
lol
i really think thats a big part of it
DG69: he does
do we have a command for the chart?
there are so many ways to cook so many things. more likely than not they just dont like the way that its cooked
now granted i understand some people just dont like certain things
The bf chart?
I feel like we need that one
yes
just that the majority of people may be turned on to foods that are properly cooked
I guess the fit one would work too
.allterms
such as: vegetables not boiled
It's somewhere
that is not builtfat
my ex fiance was a vegetarian of 15 years when we met. 15 years! on a whim he tried meat and it was game over. he'd order it when we went out, at thanksgiving, etc. not just because "i made it". so 99% of the time i assume people just haven't tried enough variations.
Shia is a good actor, he just isn't in almost any good movies
but Nymphomaniac
Math?
Maths?
.terminfo maths
.modterm maths the term for mathematics for people who took the short bus to school
Lonny_Z: I thought Fury was decent
Lol
lol
ya i think this weekend, time provided, im going to try to make him boudin 
http://stuffedfoodstores.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/Boudin.jpg
the one thing he rrrrrreally misses eating
We just had that for the first time last week! So good!
That looks good1!
Has anyone watched indecent proposal?
12:35 PM <drok> .modterm maths the term for mathematics for people who took the short bus to school
its super good and super bad for you
lo
Drok++
oh really payton?
yeah, Fury and Nymphomaniac are his highlights
where from?
oh yum. what kind of sausage? 
drok++
From a restaurant near our house
I have no idea what sausage, and I'm not asking! I know better than to ask about sausage too much :P
I hate "maths"
boudin is liver/rice/pork and seasonings in a sausage link
Sunhappy I've seen it I think I liked it
or you can make boudin balls
Ah hell
Pretty cool film
lol
This movie kills me
Maybe they didn't put liver in our boudin balls
we moved from louisiana to colorado and theres no boudin here
protopill: would you let another man sleep with your wife for 1 million?
ive only really seen in in LA
It's so ridiculous!!
there are "creole" restaurants but they are just like a TGIFridays that serves one plate of gumbo
And demi Moore isn't this priceless woman Idk. 
nothing actually good
Maths Class!
the whole point of that film is hypergamy
damn brits and their colonies
1 million dollars lol?
I've never had anything other than Texas cajun so I have no idea if what I'm eating is legit or not.
That's not that much
he offered it becaus ehe wanted to prove love wasnt real
it is to demi moore and woody harrelson
protopill one night isn't much either
so glad this town has one little breakfast place that serves Migas!
How could you not take that deal
yumyumyum
My grandmother was cajun. She used to cook amazing stuff when I was a kid, but by the time I was old enough to learn, she was older and had no interest in it. 
awe that sucks pixie!
Idk if I could do it
There was a black people Twitter about that that was real good
drok ooh what was it?
I'm at the scene where woody is now freaking out
and i agree with DG69 
one ight isnt much
lol
Let me find it
DG69: I have no reason to take the deal though lol
i was going to have A's mom send us some boudin from market basket but doing a shipping rate calculation it's like 80 friggin dollars to send it here
which is just outrageous
Maybe if I were homeless or something?
Oh ok well if you were poor like me lol
Yeah, she taught my mom a few dishes, but when she moved to Alabama, she really tried to leave a lot of her culture behind because she had been teased and treated badly growing up for being a  "poor cajun". 
would you cheat on your wife for a million dollars protopill ?
aw :(
"No reason" to have an extra million laying around
That's horrible! :(
You must be loaded
No
Just after a certain point
A always makes fun of himself for being a "coon-ass"
Why does it matter
hes super educated and not backwoods at all but i laugh nonetheless
Yeah, I have cousins that do that!
You can live a very comfortable life after a certain point
We used to play this game as kids
How much money would it take for you to have sex with _______
Like our weird music teacher or someone
The part that made me saddest for her was that her name in cajun french meant "little bird" and she even stopped using that when she moved. It was so pretty. Bertile I think was how it was spelled. 
Little girls, learning the ropes of prostitution early
one million isn't that much these days to the upper mid or upper class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNTyCcip-ks jeeeez
offer up a billion and I'd start questioning myself lol
this brings the whole rifling thing into question for me 
DG69: sames
i remember when i was young i went to school with a Haitian girl and I guess there was a Haitian guy trying to ask the school something and he didnt speak english so they came into my classroom to ask the girl if she owuld translate and she broke in to tears and ran away
i suppose she was embarrased for being singled out for speaking french-creole but i guess im also too dense to really udnerstand why
well if it's about prostitution then that's a bit different. I'd have banged some nasty women for one million
we were in like i dunno 3rd grade or osmething
AtlasB: how is the movie about hypergamy?
What movie?
Indecent proposal
Aah
Did you just watch it or are you watching it now?
Watching it now
Lol her face
griddy: this one http://m.9gag.com/gag/apodZ35
haha coon-ass! 
My grandmother didn't speak much english until she was 15, only cajun french. She was born in 1922. Outside of her community her and her siblings were treated like they were dumb and such. She wouldn't teach my mom the language because she didn't want her to have that "handicap"
Lol such a good wife
Fucking another man for her man lol
man i'd love to stick around but i'm on a deadline. bye ladies!
lol when my father met A he said "oh you're from louisiana? you dont sound like i expected you to at all!"
haha nice
http://www.theonion.com/article/boss-wants-friendly-relaxed-company-culture-place--52229
An amusing story she always told, she married grandpa and moved to North Alabama after the war, she took a bus to get there. When she saw the mountains she asked the lady she was sitting with what was the lake on the other side and it must be very large because she had only ever seen levees up until that time. 
haha that response to the 9gag question
She also said that in LA they would stuff their beds with spanish moss and when she arrived here it was cornhusks and she really missed the spanish moss beds. 
we only played 1 game, Jack4ss 
I thought fiat was actually calling you a jackass for a second. I was excited to see fiat get emotional
fiat is too stoic for that
I wish fiat would call me a jackass
It probably feels good
Being called a jackass by fiat
this is a slanderous lie propagated way back by Weirdlemonade
she called me a robot once, and it stuck
i show enough emotion in irc
Enough to remind me of my aloof father
DG69 quit being a Jack4ss and get your daddy issues fixed by someone else!
:o
to buy some coke, or not to buy coke
that is the question
fiat is probably as much of a robot as i am an autist
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/417997/professor-if-you-read-your-kids-youre-unfairly-disadvantaging-others-katherine-timpf
.karma
.karma
would a robot have gathered so much love in the form of karma
from this irc?
no i dont' think so
fiat++
i reallly need to just wash my hands of the whole queen drama
i keep replying but its just not going to get anywhere
Some people can't be told. Some people need to fail until they decide to change on their own
She seems like one of those.
oh wow, witzie  i thought the prof was just trying to teach kids about the concept of "privilege" in general
which to be fair does exist, but
"parents who engage in bedtime-stories activities should definitely at least feel kinda bad about it sometimes"
he thinks parents should actually feel bad. lol
really has no effect on me whether or not she dies alone
im not saying thats the case, but if it is why should i care
and private school is evil
rpw tried holding up the mirror to help her better herself, as she requested, and she shut it all down
it cannot be justified at all, witzie 
you were partially homeschooled weren't you?
witzie: "Evil Incarnate"
https://media.giphy.com/media/nHAMM9a7SWuk0/giphy.gif
homeschooled through 8th grade, then private schooled
literal lucifer right here
The Malebolge for you, minimum
lol https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueReddit/comments/42rw20/why_gop_elites_prefer_trump_to_cruz_the_real/czcr4mx
I love how "Conservatism is based on fear, not rationality."
interesting that he mentioned "abolishing the family". A lot of modern communists don't even go that far in their fantasy realizations of socialism/communism
at least Thomas More was honest with his Utopia
where families can be torn apart for the good of the nation.
It can be hard to detach sometimes, even when the person you're trying to help refuses to listen because you have made an effort. You took the time to write the responses, give the advice, and try to make a difference. 
That effort is being met with accusations and denial
it's draining. 
Someone asked for help because they're unhappy, and then they deny that they have ANY problems
You know her situation could do a complete 180, if she'd just step back and listen for three minutes
im wondering if shes just furious at the comments
but later on will calm down and reflect
because even though i think shes being a little cnty, i always hope that people can better themselves
and for someone who smokes pot all the time for enlightenment she has a hard time seeing herself from the outside
fiat: which to be fair does exist <- too bad its privileged people shouting "check your privilege"
Best thing you can do is redirect your effort somewhere more productive  :0)
She'll calm down most likely
and begrudgingly try something slightly close to what we suggest
We've had lots of users that start out hating us 
only to come back later happier and apologizing for being stubborn
Check your privilege SMS 
i did, and its right erect
i can understand that though
ive said it before, no one likes being told that they have poor qualities
especially when its a laundry list with nothing redeeming
but she asked for criticism, not a pat on the back
but yes! i was my hands of it
i left her with the michael scott gif and im out
Thomas More wasn't wrong. he saw the uncomfortable reality centuries ago, that too much of "unfairness" comes from the family itself
 /drops mic
thats th epurpose of family
smart/well-to-do stable families would obviously have advantage over kids from less fortunate families
to collectively raise the standard of living for its scions over time
pool resources
he knew to get communism working you needed to destroy the family
that's how his Utopia worked
communism is just a false family
the real family stands in the way of communism
the organic family
it lasted 1 generation on the kibbutzes
hahaha
http://www.heretical.com/wilson/rkibbutz.html
yeah AtlasB , More, a guy centuries ago knew this already. 
fiat youd enjoy "heaven on earth: the history of socialism" by josh murachavik
people just don't talk about it now because it's uncomfortable and doesn't mesh with their morality
non fiction
right
It's not easy to see people point out your flaws, but it's something people need if they can't do that for themselves. I think that's an aspect that gets overlooked. People may think I'm a hard*ss, but what they don't realize is that I'm just as strict with myself
So the perception is: "so and so is mean"
well i mean especially if youve had failed relationship after failed relationship i mean
yeah the criticism stings but
When really, so and so is telling you the exact same things they say to themselves
for a good cause, right?
If the goal is to move forward and create a healthy relationship - yes, absolutely
this anne frank diary was a hoax theory on heretical is fascinating to me
i believe it
everythings a hoax
if its written down
lol
ann frank was a hoax??
noooo
i still stand by my password idea
lol
Hahaha
I like it to
*too
CULL THE UNWORTHY
"I actually received decent advice for my question, and the thread was going in a decent direction before users like you decided to paint me in such an exaggerated, negative light"
snorted
to tinted
http://www.heretical.com/sgs-1998/afn.html
http://www.heretical.com/sgs-1999/frank6.html
Wow
noooooooooooooooooooooooooo just as I was about to get 8192
2048 SUCKS
"The younger generation of women, although raised with unisex models (women driving tractors and men in domestic service occupations) and taught from early childhood that men and women are the same in nature, were now pressing to be allowed fulfilment in the role of mother. Womens rights had taken on almost exactly the reverse meaning to that in our
society."
women were demanding the right to be oppressed in a patriarchy
lol
Tinted cracks me up
i really like her
she has a few posts wher ei just find myself nodding
I just want to scoop you both up and plop you down in front of a different thread/user that needs help
lol!
there were lots of anti suffragette women
I'm the same way
so much wasted effort
thats why i really dont post outside of rpw
at the time
because it ends up like this
until you learn how to flip the switch and move on
It's great though
the suffragettes won because the progressives wanted th ewomens vote to counter blacks votes
imo
Wasn't the expectation that women would just vote the same as their husbands, anyway?
sometimes i try trickle-truthing (does that apply here?) advice to friends
like i dont go full bore rpw but a little hint here and a little hint there
gentle nudges, baby steps, lol
Oh yeah, you can definitely give snippits, or condensed ideas
You can't give 'em steak when they're still teething
Trickle truth has a negative connotation
ha i like that
What is the one line auth thing?
in that you're withholding important information (that's negative) in order to paint a more flattering picture
yeh they neve rimagined a huge voting block of feminist and single women
*/mode username +x anna
thanks!
withotu the *
and withotu anna
lol
i just used that term because i feel like if i didnt withhold important information (that they conceive as negative) that theyd refuse the advice
and substituting "username" for your username
poor choice of words maybe but it was what iw as going with i guess lol
I think of it more like hiding the medicine
that worked
when you have to give it to your dog
"This worked perfectly well until the girls reached puberty, at which point (quite spontaneously and contrary to prevailing social attitudes) they developed intense feelings of embarrassment and began to demand privacy. The girls began to rebel actively against these mixed-sex arrangements, refusing to admit boys into the showers with them and undressing
with the lights out, or in some private place. "
nothing surprising
women are prudes
ive tried it with the same old friend. i tried telling her to be a bit more x y z and she just shrugged it off, but i guess yeah
when i hid the medicine
she took it bit by bit and was happy with the results
.context
i like that analogy though
just sucks you have to almost shroud good advice
hiding medicine is deception for the BENEFIT of the other person
"maybe dont be a stripper anymore"
trickle truth is for the benefit of yourself
HAHA
it's from this article http://www.heretical.com/wilson/rkibbutz.html
few ways to sugar coat that one
very informative
Well, wouldn't you be unsettled if some stronger stranger was looking at your naked body with pure lust.
It's the whole PC culture stupidity
not if it was a woman
i don't know what's your point anyway
Parents used to side with teachers when they said the student was acting out
so if you were a woman and some hair 50 year old fatass came in and started eyeing you, you would be comfortable?
now teachers are just evil and don't understand snowflake
*hairy
filozof: what's the kibbutz
women used to be shamed for getting fat, and for not following the rules (be polite, don't give it up for some guy)
Is he hot?
iduno just that I don't think that has anything to do with the difference between men and women as much as just plain intimidation
i still don't know what's your point annakmk 
https://www.smore.com/external_image?url=http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rVXMu-hRtUQ/VDamD4YHpWI/AAAAAAAAB2k/a1sZovi5Ibo/s1600/meaningmarks.jpg
how do you not know what a kibbutz is?
but i may have misunderstood the context
bad link?
idk why it sys that
just a comic snippet
no he is not hot
HAHA yes
being eyed by men never mad eme uncomfortable in my life anna
but even if he was, he can overpower you in a second 
I was thinking of that actually
the difference between men and women is that women are prudes
one of my favorites
which is scary
:)
who dont want to show their naked body to men
What
AtlasB: idk it's sad :( I found a pic though https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/81/Mishmar_HaEmek.JPG
yeah its a shame though
men dont mind showing their body to women
Looks fun
no accountability anymore
you really never heard of a kibbutz?
you wound not want to show your body to 400 pound fat wanda who is hungrily eyeing you either.
i staye do n one
AtlasB: never
I have
Lol
i got kicke dout
i bough tweed
they made me pick pears
you went pear picking?
4:57 PM <filozof> men dont mind showing their body to women
Yep that's why men are 200% more likely to be voyerists than women
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/all-about-sex/201204/voyeurism-and-exhibitionism-how-common-are-they
kibbutzim are communal farms
the tour i was on we staye don one
to stay we had to work
when women do it it's called 'flashing' not 'exhibition' lol.
Oooh cool, that's a really good idea.
it wa shorrible
i made myself hyperventilate to get out of it
A Jewish work camp?
Are women/men more likely to be exhibitionist
really?
Oh god haha
it wasnt fun playtime pear picking
Maybe it was really hot.
DG69: men see above link
it was get up at 5 am and work in the fields
8:00 PM <Sunhappy> A Jewish work camp? 
was it called Auschkibuttz?
I remember i went strawberry picking once, there were insects everywhere and it was hot. It was well.
hahah
Auschkibitz?
Link isn't working on my phone, all my burning questions have to wait :(
Lol
Definitely me
*men
not me lol
Lol anna
Mhmm
lol
*shifty eyes*
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/486177722252139602/
Men are more likely to have most kinks/fetishes I bet
pfffffffffffffft.
i think this is o pretty but i dont have the patience to do that especially when theyll end up chipping 5hrs later
yeah, well men are bigger horndogs so that would make sense
But I guess I thought maybe that one would work out nicely
double pfffffffffffffft.
BUT women repress that shit and repressed guilt like that festers into something weird.
Where men are more likely to be voyeurs
but i don't really know who has the most kinks/fetishes
hypergamey
lol
So women would be more likely to be exhibitionist
men are way mor eliekly to have fetishes
DG69++
real fetishes
Lol
not "thing i like"
I have a fantasy 
Glad you like that one fiat ;)
"Seventy-six (3.1 percent) reported at least one incident of feeling sexually aroused by exposing their genitals to a stranger. Men were more exhibitionistic than women (4.1 percent vs. 2.1 percent)."
where 100 short pudgy incels sit outside the locked bedroom door weeping while the tall alpha studly SP and me boink
lmao
That's hot af
4 sure
lolol
I feel like it should be a thing
it's not about fetishes protopill, it's about normal people
normal men don't care if some random woman sees their dick
I never said it was fetishes
A lot of women show themselves off if it's anonymous
i only ever show a woman my dick as a reward for behaving well
I was taught to care
I think all women are
less than men though.
lol 
Got downvoted for calling someone a paragraph writer https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42u77o/abused_virginal_or_dying_a_pattern_of_shit_tests/czd4pty
Oh well
Jack4ss how is that working for you
lots of naughty girls out there DG
people don't care about others seeing their naked bodies because they are "taught to care"
women just naturally are embarrassed
you are one of them, i know it
those who aren't are weirdos
my nails are drivign me crazy
theyre getting worse and worse
Which means I'll never get to see it Jack4ss 
if women are so malleable, how come not all of them are supersluts despite so many men putting pressure on them to put out
im using butter horsepower
Since I don't behave well
i can help you correct your behaviour
well they arent worse
theyre stronger
can confirm, don't want anyone seeing me naked
but the flake 
TRP would argue that they are all supersluts for someone with a high enough SMV but their don't advertise it. 
cept SP
Which isn't true.
i feel like all husbands are trying to teach their women to be pornstars
it doesn't work
I wanted to keep running around with my shirt off in the 6th grade
The boys got to do it
I literally didn't understand
Why it was different for me
It's not like I had anything going on up there even
Well for a lot of women that have a low n-count, it stayed low because they repressed their sexuality. A lot of men are surprised that that repression doesn't immediately dissipate.
5:08 PM <annakmk> TRP would argue that they are all supersluts for someone with a high enough SMV but their don't advertise it.
i know DG, did u get told off for it
For Chad nothing is off limits!
HP is mkaing them stronger?
Yeah the Chad raises his finger and 4 HB9s branch swing to it immediately.
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42usyy/porn/
yeh it is
but they are still flaking
i hate the fact i seem to get mine the perfect length then they split at pink meets white
so that weakness makes th epolish flake
Yes Jack4ss they put sweaters on me that I couldn't get off
straight jacket?
20:00:47 <witzie> was it called Auschkibuttz?
I think that's a big problem, a lot of girls were taught that sex and wanting sex was bad and that's not something you unlearn after a wedding or whatever. 
Oh...
I guess it was
because they repressed their sexuality. A lot of men are surprised that that repression doesn't immediately dissipate.
Hahah I was thinking the same thing
did they put you in a dark room aswell
yup
witzie++
men want sweet virginal women who dont stray and have no n count, who become dirty disinhibited whores for them and dont cheat
ideally
Yeah, lol. 
Lol Jack4ss
"Ideally"
Hahaha
That's like girls wanting men who are alpha at the exact right moments, but beta at the exact right moments too.
Kind of like women want a strong man who don't take shit, except for them
They put up with all the woman's shit
Yeah, you end up having to pick. 
what if you wear HP then but on something like sally hansen hard as nails then yoru polish?
i dont use horsepower so idk if that owuld make sense
i actually agree with annakmk ...
I never agree with annakmk lol. 
: o
that eg. was good though
Architect++
haha
an incentive : D
im being bought off guys
annakmk are you bloopy
Don't fall for the karma Architect
WTF
i cant figure out which sally hansen to get
Women are so WEIRD
theres so many now
I think there's a dynamic in place and when girls become more/less porn-starry or guys become more/less aplpha/beta it changes the entire relationship. Even though both genders swear to know what they want.
Let him watch porn you dummy 
DG69: annakmk is the original bloop
Would you rather he go out to the bar and pick women up?
Let him have his 'secret'
she was blooping with 2pac and Ice Cube
Nice!
he goes to bed with you, screws you, and you're worried
protopill: but...beautiful pings
We are converting everyone today
Yeah I'm bloopy haha
watching porn is MILES AWAY from getting attention from strange men 
beautiful pings everywhere
I hate women
Yes! 
Architect: yes the validation from the pings. But you have to control it.
Earlier I got drok to half agree with me and I'll never forget it
Yeah it was only a half agreement though
what people want is transient
you want something until you have something else 
what if drok only gives you a quarter of an agreement next time DG69 ?
you'll never reach a whole agreement
the dream
it'll be a geometric series
http://notesfromaredpillgirl.com/
watching the hunger games, man this peter guy is a fukin beta
Sorry, I just think that of ALL the things you can get jealous over - this is one of the dumbest
Jack4ss: you are like 6 hours late
must be the timezone
That's his plan fiat 
i honestly used to be like that
so i can relate
but hten you know
i grew up
Give me enough to keep me hopeful
so
drok was you talking about it earlier or something
Keep me coming back
 /shrug
But never give me the whole cookie
haha "Peter"
it will happen, but when you least expect it DG
but i agree wholeheartedly phantom. so he either watches porn or gets his thrills by picking women up irl because hes not "allowed" to watch porn
Haha
beta peta
HNNNNG
THISSS
"Would you feel guilty for watching a romantic movie or reading a romantic novel?"
I dunno, saying men watch porn isn't a revolutionary idea to me...they also have to pee after drinking water.
the more I see/learn, the more I feel like the SMV and it's consequences for different types of people is the only TRP argument I believe in it's entirely that I don't think is completely subjective. 
lol
also, I really love vacuuming...amazingly therapeutic
what kind of hoover you got?
let me see
good question
u dont know!?!!
Be back in a bit
^_^ I really like my new job. Spreadsheets and binders galore.
it's a dirt devil
i have a Dyson DC41MK2 Animal
one of you ladies should snag me while I'm on the market...great house-husband material right here
lol, dyson...rich blood over here
i put new rims on it
looks sweet
do the babes love your soundsystem?
Idk knowing my bf was watching porn would bother me a little too
babes want sound systems
so they can blast their Nikki Minaj vapid music
But I wouldn't and couldn't bar him from doing it. Rather that than say strip clubs
No way I'm deep
I like the beatles
they are pretty fresh
lol
babes want sound systems
i need a woofer
so they can blast their beatles hippie music
i just think that there is literally no man you are going to be with that isnt going to watch porn
why 1?
that's beta
get 2
I'm not a hippie
ill put the woofer in the passenger seat, and she can sit in the back
I like 2pac 
hi everyone, i just came in and saw the simple questions post - with 78 replies! i am excited to read through it. it's going to take a while. thank you to mods for posting it!
evolutionX blogge rmight come hang out!
I agree little_red_ 
re: the adult entertainment thread. i agree, sunhappy and little_red_, that i wouldn't "ban" any person from engaging. 
not now AtlasB we talking about hoovers
LOL 'beta peta'
2pac was like a gangster hippie
lol
tupacs mom was a black panther
who is tupac?
thats why he got famous and was lauded
exactly
total hippie
5:29 PM <Jack4ss> who is tupac?
there is a point at which it can become detrimental, but if it does not affect the marriage or relationship or functioning in life, i have no problems with it.
Some black guy who song stuff and got shot
2pac wannabe
R watches porn pretty often when I'm not around
Sung*
he also said that he didn't get girls until he was an asshole to them
sunhappy, does that bother you?
west coast rapper
so he would be a TRP lurker for sure lol
I really couldn't care. It would be weird if I was in the room and he watched it
he has a song about nice guys finishing last
But that's it
and women being dumb
rappers do that
and how he was raised to treat women right
loyal is about cucking beta men
but women don't respect themselves
I just don't like it when it gets in the way of intimacy
If it doesn't, then whatever. 
Well these guys attract gold-diggers
a normal girl would keep her distance
that makes sense, especially if he uses it when you're not around. i agree that as long as it doesn't affect intimacy and functional relationships, i don't care.
i dont think so
thats why i keep arguing that high status alphas actually do marry sluts
8:29:32 PM <Jack4ss> who is tupac?
and high dominance women
Dude if a "nice" girl listened to "fucking problems" she would not want to date asap rocky
no one else can handle high status dominant men
biggie smalls killed him
I can't even
I just feel like rappers in particular sell a sort of lifestyle where the women are like "I WILL FUCK YOU AND BRING A FRIEND XD"
It's an act, annakmk 
course it is
You think? Sunhappy.
To sell records
oh
To suburban white boys
but they are gangstar
Which is like 70-90% of their market share
biggie smalls killed him, LOL
imagine if you're a record exec and you talk to Chris Brown, Asap Rocky and Tyga and they speak like elitist intellectuals because that's who they actually are.
If we lived together I doubt he'd watch at all
lol
he fell on him when they were wrestling 
yes if it were affecting their relationship tha would be one thing
Um
freak acciden
They don't
re: having less sex, causing ed or osmething
Most rappers aren't intellectuals
Or smart
most rappers are gay too
but shes  the cause of her own turmoil
ha
It's true!!!
well modern rappers now are shit. They were raised in like metropolitan toronto and they think that makes them "street". 
hes doing nothing unnatural
im learning so much tonight
that's not real rap
i tol dyou blackthought from the roots
told me
like i get it if he was watching kiddie porn or something, ok i get that 
Lil Wayne and birdman
busta was queer as a three dollar bill
he went ontour with him
Been fucking fit years
B.O.B is an intellectual, u know nothing
It's even on record that lol Wayne said he's the only man he's allowed to kiss
blackthought was my customer at the video store
he tod me
A will watch porn if im not home sometimes but even then most of the time he will wait until i come home then attack me
Jack4ss check BOB's Twitter
Haha
as long as hes not out getting strange i dont see whats wrong with porn
Yesterday he was going off
About how the world is flat
i think hes on to something
And we are all being lied to
like hes not watching it then googling the girls name and adding her on facebook and setting up a date
I mean, I don't see a curve
Looks pretty flat to me
I think it's evidence and acknowledgment that your man wants to fuck other women
DG69++
Some women don't want to admit that
witzie http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/News.aspx/206339#.VqSu5_l95ph
Once in a relationship
my favourite website^
My friend once wanted to ban her bf from having a woman on his screen saver
being attracted to other women is very different than wanting to be in a relationship with them. hopefully women can understand that.
men can be attracted to other women, and be very committed and totally in love with their partner. 
I'm shocked more outlets aren't covering this rape crisis
do muslims rape alot at home?
if porn didnt exist men would still look at other women and think about fucking them
exactly, little_red_
because men
Probably not given how strict they are about interacting with women
I'd assume
Women in Europe have actual freedom
or are they just taking it out on french people
And these guys are around them all the time now and can't control themselves
all th eaccounts I've read from women in the middle east recount constant groping 
even in those huge sheets
even on hajj
no matter what
Idk
groping when in public, and worse when they can get away with it
muslim women are protected by their own men
the men are very entitled
I think it's just a denial of male nature
from other men
euro women run around free
and muslim men se ethem as sluts
th eother
no obligation to not rape them
What is wrong with them
can't they find porn
muslim men have no self inhibition
no internal reasons not to rape
at all
zero
People controlled themselves without porn though.
like that one with themannequin
Why porn when you can rape?
Oh that's not true.
yeah AtlasB 
men controlled themsleves becaus eof other men
i guess, when all the women have veils and hijab in the middle east, and then you see a girl for the first time wearing short shorts, it must be hard to handle
No where you can do away with your urges
also
they are really pushy, in that culture
Yeah I'm sure it's more culture than inherent
if a woman gets raped it is literally her fault for being there 
Yeah i heart that thats true
i mean a lot of muslim men are pushy. 
in a muslim co that would be true
why would a man ever be expected to control himself?
The ones who are really religious
Maybe I'm generalizing but like
And I think when women see what really attracts their men, they get insecure
when they tell you something they have this stubborn look in their eye
that looks kind of half pissed off
so learn from it
but i'm talking about like maybe 8 occurences so i'm sure that's not enough.
especially if youre just a starfish in bed
Most women don't want to put in the work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJSIj5UN9iI
either put in the work or realize hes going to fulfill his desires some other way
5:40 PM <witzie> if a woman gets raped it is literally her fault for being there
Lol
I used to hang out with a couple of Palestinian Muslims
That reminds me of that windy feminist or whatever piece
"Intercourse is rape. Always."
basically an unescorted scantily clad woman mus tnot belong to some man who protects her
so shes fair game
What
annakmk , i get that to
I only met one who wasn't "pure evil" in that time
"muslim men have no self inhibition" NAMALT! srsly tho 
To protopill 
they seem really fucking moody all the time
they rape muslim women too though AtlasB 
any woman is fair game
yeah but "fair game" what the hell does that mean like
they do thats why myuslim women ar emostly protected
"this stubborn look in their eye" is the evil annakmk
they dont go aroudn alone
Idk the Muslim guys I knew weren't like that at all
Sunhappy: I don't have the website anymore
It was only the ones from the middle East
But it's like the windy or blowy or something
dat rape glimmer
Feminist
andrea dworkin protopill
Like immigrants
or witchwind
yeah i think thats what we mean
Oh that's it!!
sunhappy
Thanks AtlasB
Witchwind there you go Sunhappy
Ah, scary Lonny_Z, maybe.
Thank you
I get the sense that the elite are the same everywhere
repressed men in suits 
somehow I doubt the elite are repressed
how could you be with all that money?
they probably just put on a good facade
they certainly are repressed 
Repressed how?
putting on a facade = repressed 
Oh
that's what it is
why is putting on a facade repression?
bob dylan said it best
you're subduing yourself
like so many things
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/N3J0XHdu/
for the public eye, though
well they say a personality is a "vehicle for self-advancement" so idk if I'd agree.
you can do whatever you want in your private time
Old lady judges watch people in pairs
Limited in sex, they dare
To push fake morals, insult and stare
While money doesnt talk, it swears
Obscenity, who really cares
Propaganda, all is phony
deep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYajHZ4QUVM
Isn't everyone putting on some sort of facade Frensel ?
Society represses anyone who lets it
Who on earth lives truly free
low class people care waaaaaay less 
just look at how they act 
I tend to not like people who completely dgaf about public appearances
among themselves the elite are still repressed as fuck
it leads to cringey behavior
low class people are constantly trying to not appear low class 
what low class people are you hanging out with? 
many..
uh oh, impromptu bob dylan festival
good chance you're confusing struggling middle class with low class 
yes
I have a hard time seeing it as repression. it's just information-control
image control
it's smart
ok, you define low class for me
the true underclass doesnt attempt to appear higher caste
I think repression is the perfect term 
the elites are inhibited
by internalize dmorality
that is guilt based
an doesnt require a god to enforce it
8:49 PM <@madscilove> I tend to not like people who completely dgaf about public appearances
I don't think many of the rich elite are concerned with morality. 
as opposed to a shame based morality
you wouldn't like my dad
Frensel: im waiting
lolol witz
Yeah madscilove I can't see that as repression
Architect: I think I have been adequately clear 
no, you've used a word
when I think of repression I think of ultra religious conservatives
who can't let go ever
I blame you for your confusion, to be even clearer 
even behind closed doors
what's your dad like, witzie?
people are psychologically repressed by inhibition
extremely eccentric
withotu religion
Then I hold that I meet more low class people in a week than you probably have your entire life, and blame you for your lack of experience. 
Cool
word
you have lower class ppl in canada?
lol
I thought everyone watched porn (including women) *shrugs*
yea, lots
come to philly ill show you lower class ppl
lol
i meet alot of lower class people
they are just like us
no they ar enot
lmao
they have low FTO
high impulsivity
diffeent interests
different tastes
different set of morals
yup
"snitches get stitches"
ooo madsci!
you should read theo dalrymples "life at the bottom"
is it a book?
googling now
http://cnqzu.com/library/Philosophy/neoreaction/_extra%20authors/Dalrymple,%20Theodore/Dalrymple,%20Theodore%20Life-at-the-Bottom.pdf
ooo pdf
with linkable chapters
I lived with/around a lot of lower class people in oakland
they're very... crime and guns
gangster ethics
hes been a Dr
at a uk prison
for decades
they care about social standing, but that is expressed is basically the opposite way as the higher class 
I would call gangsters a particular subset of lower class, I would not call low class people synonymous with gangsterism
and collected all these stories and ideas
instead of repression they explode in response to social threat 
http://i.imgur.com/MqKwA6r.gifv
that's a massive toy
when i have a kid, ima get them the biggest toy i can afford
the low class people I knew in Canada were most Metis and First Nation
but maybe things have changed
spoil them rotten
my best friend there was Metis
the first nations are certainly a major component of low class canadians
Architect> I would call gangsters a particular subset of lower class, I would not call low class people synonymous with gangsterism
good point
I know
gangstars are in their only little world
its weird
regular petty criminal poor ppl arent gangsters
someone stole my roommate's bike and he went out with a gun and slow-rolled his car through the crackhead neighborhoods at 3am
they end up in the system over bullshit
didn't find the bike. 
lol
another close friend I have was white but he was stereotypical redneck type
what a goon
his name was literally skinner and he was extremely racist
and crude
did not follow popular mid class ethics/morals
my dad owned a building in the really ghetto part of chicago, he came out and found a thug leaning into his truck stealing his tools out of it 
lol, My buddy got his shoes stolen by a crackhead when he lived in the really bad part of our city, and the crackhead immediately traded them for a TV
when i think of redneck i think of the rednecks from the simpsons
so he tapped him on the shoulder and said "hey!" 
and the guy took of running, an dmy dad had an electric drill in his hand 
so he started chasing the guy
omg
and the guy was running around the block screaming and throwing wrenches at my dads head
right architect and wouldn't you say that's an example of them not having the same concerns
as mid class
whild my dad chased him with a drill
lol
man he got screwed
fiat: lower class people most definitely have different concerns than middle or high class people
id say like 50% of the people i deliver pizza to have shitty council houses
the biggest tip i ever got was from this woman who loved in a block of apartments
lived*
I think lower class can be nice but they don't worry about a lot of the same things mid class do
its more than different concerns
its different minds
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/X055tNOT/
wrt to ethics/morals
i just think they focus on more immediate pleasures
a big one for me
thats low FTO andhigh impulsivity
is that low class people I know
don't care about being seen as racist
or bigoted
fatalism
sure of course not
I think it would depend on what aspect of being low class and middle class we're talking about. I think those are too lofty of statements to through around as general truths. 
they don't have this concern over mid class image
actually they arent
caste and IQ in th ewest are intimately tied
and IQ and several other traits attend each other
sure architect but I think what I mentioned is one of the strongest correlations. it doesn't even just apply to North America
read life at the bottom, losing ground , th ebell curve
it's practically hglobal in scope
Speaking of women being starfish....Didn't the FDA just approve trials for a Woman's Viagra?
poverty an dIQ and class and temperament have been minutely studied for 100 yrs
fiat: which correlation specifically?
immigrants from poor countries give so much less shits about western liberal values
the morality?
like anti bigotry
and progressivism
the lowest classes do not care about being seen as racist or bigoted
I would agree that some low class people definitely recognize that some values/morals really just hold them back and abandon them. 
9:03 PM <Architect> I think it would depend on what aspect of being low class and middle class we're talking about. I think those are too lofty of statements to through around as general truths. 
you're going to have to explain this
it's not that they abandon them architect
I'm not sure they cared to begin with
I remember there were issues with the fact that it deals with chemically influencing the brain
one of my closest friends in Canada who was poor? racist redneck
I think that would be highly subjective
he never cared
he got it from his dad who was also the stereotype
witzie: there's nothing to explain; I'm simply rejecting a narrative. 
what narrative?
and globally speaking? it makes perfect sense for poor people from chaotic environments to fear outgroups
what's wrong with being bigoted or racist for them?
i personally dont get that. if your man cant get hard, ok viagra
their lives might even depend on it. it's just so much more common for underclasses IME
but whats keeping the woman from being able to have sex other than a bad attitued
attitude
right
http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/298349.php
Found it
it's the progressive folk in safer urban Cosmopolitan areas
that fear being seen as bigoted
different incentives
theres no anti racism outside of whit ehigh trust societies
its non existent
leading to diff ethics
Ok, that does make sense. 
I can agree with that example
Unable to get aroused, fatigue, disinterest, meh
I see what you're saying though
I used North American examples but it holds even more true for third world countries I kkow
It really is all about the mindset
compare east Asia vs a bit more inland where you have dirt peasants
men can want to have sex but not be able to perform because erection
he dirt peasants are way more racist and xenophobic
women can want/not want ot have sex and still be able to perform 
and give no fucks about transnational morality
inland America is much more racist too
unless the viagra pill is going to magically make her attracted to him 
That's probably accurate, though I think that probably has more to do with exposure than an a "not giving a fuck what others think of my non-PC beliefs"
than the border/coastlines
well I wasn't talking about cause
just correlation
ok, right
Ill agree to that
Addyi just helps women feel aroused. I know after I had our son, I had zip-zero interest in sex
right annakmk; we can also look at prison population
higher correlation with lower class
and also plenty of racial segregation
I still could perform, yes, and I did, but I didn't enjoy it like I wanted to and that made me depressed and resentful for awhile
my h is lower class and hes entirely unreconstructed
by leftism
I think my exp that lends cred to what frensel and atlasb were saying is that I do think higher classes are still racist
liberalism
feminism
PC
they self segregate too
with their clean suburbs
white flight etc
hes neve rbeen exposed to fashionable ideas
it's that they don't want to be SEEN as racisy
its ABA fiat
racist*
poor ppl are klan racists
middle ppl ar eliberals
rich are race realist
replace with dumb, SMRT and REALLY smart
elites are race realist and pro-immigration 
cheap labor yo
yup
do americans spell "labour" labor?
yea
oh, that's weird
didn't know that
I still use British spelling a lot. habit
like neighbourhood, colour, etc
aka proper spelling ;)
or, as katniss would say, "propah!"
the elite broadly speaking gives the blank slate idea lots of credence
not entirely swallowed, but still mostly there corrupting the thoughtspace 
Anyways....
what does that even mean
lol
for instance, the migrant thing
pretentious word vomit. 
taking the top off another society
good idea, assuming the other society is comparable in some vague way to yours 
do you know what "the blank slate" refers to arch
in philosophy
?
tabula rasa?
yes
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCatPill
lol
means it's free to be impressed upon. Blank slate means it's like...not affected; all at one similar starting point
ie a blank canvass
hey blowing 
it means wer eborn with a blank canvas
ACALT atlasb
and "society" inscribes everything on us
if you can get a cat that likes being touched and cuddles, that's unicorn
AtlasB: right. 
nothing inherent
people get impressed/coded
Witzie: haha I was going to reply "The only time a woman says 'No' to me is when I'm getting up to leave."
But decided I didn't want that in my posting history
hahaha PhantomDream :)
that's funny!
:0)
madsilove https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/RwVAg4OQ/2016-01-26+21.33.54.jpg
Madscilove
what's that?
ooh, eye cream
Mad hippie eye cream!
Loo
haha
All teh actives
I thought you'd appreciate it lol
aw, thanks for the thought :)
it's so cute
is sunnie ever going to come back to main chat?
shes got a life
she done been gone
period
Lol. I'm going to have to tell her to stop that
"stop having a life. Get back here loser!"
Hi Architect
how's life being blowing ?
I'm getting black out drunk right now while my friend feeds her kids dinner
That sounds peculiar. Why might you wanna be doing that?
And what are you drinking? Lol
Pre-gaming
Vodka and cranberry
good ending for her, AtlasB ?
fiat spectacular
We are going out when her youngest goes to sleep and I want to now remember it from start to finish
awesome. good to hear.
idont know what spublic or not
but really good
blowing: lol, why? Plan on making some mistakes?
Architect: yes
Last night in Vegas
I just want to be told what I did and assume everyone's owed an apology
"Do ya thang girl, fuck what dey lookin' at"
Whatever whatever I do what I want!
*ice cube
-Eric cart man
Lool
I do what I want maury
I'm in the guest room doing this bc I felt awkward drinking with a 4 yr old
I'm only 13yrs old and I want a baby!
I'm wearing a sparkly shirt and making bad decisions
Lolol
Sparkly apparel seems to be the female signifier of "I'm here to get wild"
sparkles are always a good call
but like, body sparkles
Sparkle eye shadow
Obviously a must
i thought the theory was that sunnie's new man has her shackled to a stove
nah, he's a good guy
i knew they were doing well, but they aren't marrying yet, are they?
No, he's like her perfect match
has the new bf beat up the ex yet?
It's weird how perfect they are for each other
well, it's the beginning
Off errant okc messaging
everything's always perfect in the beginning
how do you know they're perfect?
Because we talked a lot about it and we helped her with things
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42umhe/how_does_bp_explain_the_field_report_success/czda3ph
They're lying
That's if course the obvious defence
yeah that too Architect 
but the autist-shaming is ironic considering how much BPers complain about ableism
SerNemesis you support sanders right
Hard line bluepillers usually tend to be hypocritical
it's pretty sad that bloopers aren't really too present on ppd or this chat, despite the supposed crazyness of trp
shows you a lot about them
Well bp don't consider themselves an ideological group
They are just there to laugh and insult other peopke
witzie: i oppose clinton
:D
and you oppose trump?
it's always interesting for me to watch the backslash against TRP on the general reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3zawag/cmv_i_believe_the_red_pill_is_a_valuable_resource/
the idea that TRP might be valuable got lots of downvotes
even on a subreddit that's supposed to change views
I oppose the white man
For taking my land
i don't oppose trump
i find him funny
*entertaining
who would you vote for sanders or trump
huh
trump is an asshole
wait and see
sanders easily
i wouldn't care honestly
since california will go to the democratic candidate regardless
i'd be voting for propositions and shit
why do you favor sanders filozof ?
you europeans and your communism
there's no doubt in my mind sanders is a way better candidate
he's geriatric
i dont trust trump on anything he says
10:12 PM <filozof> it's pretty sad that bloopers aren't really too present on ppd or this chat, despite the supposed crazyness of trp
i see no reason to believe he would actually do anything he claims he will do
I'm one
his tax plan is delusional
even more delusional than Sanders' tax on speculative trading
since when are you a bloop blowing ?
well, sanders is kind of a delusional leftist too
Since always
i thought you were banned from tbp
2016 will be an election of "put up or shut up" from both parties
That doesn't mean I'm not a bloop it just means I don't play well with others
.invite #superior
.join #superior
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/icfTupnB/USDA%20prime%2023
to be fair, it's hard to play well with TBP
.addterm usdaprime13 https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/icfTupnB/USDA%20prime%2023
.addterm usdaprime23 https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/icfTupnB/USDA%20prime%2023
i thought you tried to be a good RPW to your husband
There's such weird lines they will and won't cross
 <filozof> there's no doubt in my mind sanders is a way better candidate
I enjoy bloops who are capable of not being assholes
why i e a better candidate for america
I love Anna and dg
how will his supreme court nominees be better for th eUS?
dg is a redpiller in denial
i like her, so she's not a bloop
filozof: like AtlasB has said RPW is for structural issues in the relationship and our stuff was/is different
She's really not
all women with experience with menare redpill
like all parents of a boy and a girl secretly believe in innate sex differences
even if they claim they dont
reality is redpill
jus tliek reality ids sexist
I'm not a bloop because I don't believe in the reality of the redpill
I'm one because the jokes are funnier
Albeit snarky and bitchy a lot of the time
But TRP and RPW take themselves too seriously, IMO
dg wants to be taken by a strong man just like every woman out there
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_sanders-5565.html
looks like sanders will be the next president
YES!
he wont even be the nominee
http://variety.com/2016/film/news/danny-glover-oscars-sundance-diversity-1201689476/
now we have to get rid odf the oscars
jerry falwell endorsed trump
that will bring in a lot of evangelicals
filozof: why do you believe that?
lol headline
Pantsless driver was masturbating to porn movie on his phone at time of fatal crash...
why do i believe what?
roflol AtlasB 
pantsless driver
The last thing you said
because i know her deep desires
Lol
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Tyk8rPfp/USDA%20prime%2029
you know you could have just asked her
.addterm usdaprime29
AtlasB why won't he get nominee?
.addterm usdaprime29 https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Tyk8rPfp/USDA%20prime%2029
he cant win the nomination
hell win some NE states
"Meredith you've slept with so many guys you're starting to look like one"
oh the office
maybe a few rustbelt
IMO
we'll see
hillary could ge tindicted any day
by th eFBI
he can win northeast rustbelt and west coast
plains states are iffy
I hope he doesn't win the nom
I think trump will win against hillary easier than against sanders
so its in trumps favor for hillary to win the nom
I like sanders, but I don't think he'll be nominated
he's too out there
and the people who like him mostly aren't the voting type
for a democrat he has really strong appeal with independents and conservatives
ironically enough
http://www.270towin.com/2016-democratic-nomination/
not ones whop vote
youre hearign a lot o fcollege kid buzz
madscilove: yup. Hippies don't vote
old ppl vote
yeah
exactly
obama didn't win by getting old people
young people vote conditionally
Yea, but young aren't synonymous with hippie
Sanders is unrealistically left
obama got women
an dminorities
college kids too
lots of hype
and excitement
heresa nic ehandy chart of who shouldnt be allowed to vote
i mean
the 2012 exit polls
http://elections.nytimes.com/2012/results/president/exit-polls
interesting how obama got most votes among those with postgraduate degree and those without one
lol the way you say that it makes it sound like you would make the right to vote dependent on who they vote for AtlasB 
that is typical filozof 
it shows you which groups vote for what
both tend to leftists
th ewomen and the gimmedats
vs married
because they don't make a living off work
right
only the ppl with an actual stake and something to lose vote GOP
waty more ppl have colelge degrees than graduate degrees
30% to 10% of workforce
lats i checked
also AtlasB i think you'd like this site i found. http://taxfoundation.org/comparing-2016-presidential-tax-reform-proposals
looking
boy do i wish rand paul were viable
jesus christ hilary, why are you copying CAP?
Creates a new tax credit of up to $1,200 for caregivers.
the daycare tax credit may actually become a thing
yay trump wants to eliminate the evil estate tax
yeah i'm for that too
that's s fucking crooked
lololol
i just finished th eoffice
yeah i fucking hate the estate tax
https://cdn.americanprogress.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/31111043/Hamm-Childcare-report.pdf
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=f4f_1453549734
The tax credit
would provide up to $14,000 per child to reflect the cost of high-quality child care
paid directly to providers on a monthly basis to help families afford child care. 
Such a great show
Pam is AWFUL though
I watched the entire series...and I just cannot stand her
i love how trump's tax plan claims to lower taxes across the board while magically being revenue neutral
"close your ass you fucking whore"
ewwww Sunhappy 
lmao AtlasB 
yeh
i hated her
muslims++
The way she treats Jim and everyone around her.
I liked the replacement secretary redhead
And the episode where everyone tries to remember if what's his face has a mustache or not
yay they killed one of the ammon bundy supporters
lol stanley
yay?
who
man my lips are super pigmented/red naturally so whenever i see a lipstick on someone on mua or swatch it on my hand it ends up looking like a totally different color on my lips :/
the terrorist erm "armed protestor" who occupied a government building in oregon Sunhappy 
ah
why was he killed?
yo SerNemesis did you read what I said about tank armor earlier
last i checked, it was legal for white people to walk around with guns
and they aren't attacking people. it's a sit in
i think the feds broke the seige
oh
well shit, they took long enough
yeah
Frensel i must have missed it
apparently the last russian tank that had ceramic armor was the t-64
yeah
the rest use the cheaper 'NERA' 
yup
the t-64 was arguably a superior tank to early models of the t-72
a composite armor with a polymer and a backplate that gets energized by the polymer, and moves forward increasing interaction time with dart/jet
so instead of a little hole in the plate you have a big line
and yaw is introduced to the projectile, more with each interaction with a moving plate
yep she is so smug PhantomDream 
yeah
I wanted to KILL her for so much of the last season
When Jim is trying to do bigger and better things
i thought she was cute in the beginning but midway through the show she was so annoying 
did they ditch ceramic armor for the t-80 and t-84 though?
I had a problem the MINUTE I knew she was engaged
and the t-90
but still leading Jim on
well t-84 is post soviet i think
in ukraine
oh I don't know about ukraine
t-84 is an adaptation of the t-80
which was a variation of the t-64
yah I know that much
and they have their own ERA
yeah
a bigger ERA than their russian cousins 
'nizh'
I suspect their passive armor has not changed in terms of the bulging armor concept, because that seems to be so damn effective
yeah
it's just much more cost effective than ceramic
passive+era
yeah she crossed a lot of lines even in season 1 
all i know is angle your armor tiger style :3
she was at least sweeter earlier on
nowadays there's no advantage to angling it afaik 
Ugh
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42tw3u/what_is_the_best_piece_of_evidence_against/czdd4y7
Why doe she keep saying that
When he means lesbians
the modern darts or jets that threaten tanks don't bounce like the ww2 era munitions 
you dont angle to bounce
angling confers no advantage whatsoever 
lol
more armor
if you want to get the most stuff in the way as efficiently as possible, that's a curve
not an angled surface
you don't get more armor from angling
of course angled surfaces are cheaper/easier to manufacture
that's cool :)
What just happened?
ack bot is freaking out
I think PPDbot just joined.
and yet he still disrespects me
yay
it's here
.tell protopill usdaprime23
.tell protopill usdaprime29
In a very broken way.
Yep. Haha
I think I'm gonna hit the hay. Have a good night, ladies!
I should work but I don't want to
madscilove I am working
go work
yes ma'am!

how do I get in on this coffee and cookie shindig
usda 29 has really great shaped boobs...
sweet
now I get to be up ill 8 AM
oh my gosh i just had the funniest sexperience
i need milk
Haha.  sexperience
yeah that was intentional
my poor huscat.
I need an hb10
-_-
http://s3-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/wc-prod-pim/JPEG_1000x1000/ST112BX12_staedtler_pk12_steadt_trad_pncl_erasr_hb_grey.jpg
these kind
Lol, those look good actually
http://www.ika.com/owa/ika/catalog.product_detail?iProduct=4068000
Seems okay Architect 
The hb 10
I actually take pencils seriously...can't use a Shitty pencil
O I get you
Shitty pencils break too fast
Or give of weird lines
There's a brand of pencil here that feels spongy and the lead is so soft you literally can't write with it
All school children know it
hey Sunhappy redpillschool 
they are nice pencils Architect the best ones we have here in SA
Haha, solid
:)
bot?
ugh, The Following is the stupidest show this decade. 
PPBot?
how the fuck is everybody randomly a killer
damn no bot
dragoness: have you met ppdirc
??
that's not a spoiler btw
I bet at least 50% of these people are secret murderers
Yeah susandeath is a murderer
what?
this is true
actuallly
I am a cereal killer
Poor corn
You're apparently many things you are not now
And vice versa
So you could be
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/14/f9/64/14f964f0fff73d268dd970ad58774edf.jpg
on second thought...
this show is great!
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42wd9r/what_are_the_viable_alternatives_to_the_red_pill/
Lmao
Basically every religion ever
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42wd9r/what_are_the_viable_alternatives_to_the_red_pill/czdmo6y
why do people keep going there and asking "wtf is PPD" and getting upset by our lingo?
how the fuck did you get there? 
I actually don't know
I've never thought to visit a sub then just randomly start replying to posts without getting a feel for the place. 
Yea, I don't get that
i don't see many people doing that though
wots smv???
nah, it hasn't been happening a lot but it reminds me of the dude on madsci's pussy fairy post
and a smattering of replies from (bp-ish, I guess?) wanderers in. 
There is a whole sidebar
Well whole.
Basically a few acros and done
Takes no kore than 5 mins of work
lol
The same amount of time these morons take writing their "well thought" responses out 
HB10?
susandeath?
.addterm HB10 http://s3-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/wc-prod-pim/JPEG_1000x1000/ST112BX12_staedtler_pk12_steadt_trad_pncl_erasr_hb_grey.jpg
HB10?
...
heheheh
wow
wtf is up with this B.o.B. flat earth drama? 
No idea
bob?
Niggas being stupud
it's funny when RMBP says it
...
https://i.imgur.com/cMytp5L.jpg
https://mobile.twitter.com/bobatl?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor
I feel like I've missed out an an entire day of the internet 
That can be good for yoy
https://mobile.twitter.com/bobatl/status/691778183172116480
wowww
I really don't Reddit as hard as I used to
I looked at my karma today and was like "yeah I need to find something else to do with my life"
https://m.soundcloud.com/drtyson/flat-to-fact
Hahaahah
This is all over twitter not reddit Architect 
https://mobile.twitter.com/shaktishine/status/691762039212134401
hahahaha
jesus christ
"Summer Shine 
KNOW THYSELF & QUESTION EVERYTHING."
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42v63x/reddit_whats_your_best_pickup_line/czdf6zt
lol.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42umhe/how_does_bp_explain_the_field_report_success/czdn0d9?context=3
Lmao
I actually didn't get your reply to me btl
Panda doesnt get jojes
Jokes*
i think she just likes being prickly
I don't get them either apparently 
The whole "they are so bad I want to kill myself" 
Jeez now its ruined
oh. 
I mean out bleach doesn't come in jars so I was quite lost 
*our
Lmao
I was being hipster ironic the whole drinking out of a jar
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42v63x/reddit_whats_your_best_pickup_line/czdhjfm
hahaha
oh my god, I'm listening to that "Flat to Fact" diss....lolool
fucking nerds
Yup lol haha
I laughed way too much there
Than I should have
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42v63x/reddit_whats_your_best_pickup_line/czdmbbd
"Why are you bringing this up with me?"
lol, I like how psycho_alpaca keeps coming with all the ways the various lines would actually go IRL
Right haha
That was actually pretty fucking funny
She sucks
How do you not get that?
......
easily 
It was funny
But the thing is people sometimes just dont get it
Who doesn't understand loans and interest dragoness k
?*
me
Plenty of people dont
Why do you think banks gained so much power over time?
if some random walked up to me and started saying stuff like that I'd be so confused 
ok, come on now
anyone who passed like gr9 knows what interest is to a loan
yes, I understand the initial joke itself
but I wouldn't know why he was randomly approaching me telling me that
i'd say it's a filter
people who have a good sense of humour vs people who are more "basic"
i think he's using it wrong though
it has nothing to do with being "basic" 
its not a pickup line
"Hey girl, you sure don't seem interested in me" .... okay
Its a joke
terrible opening line
i mean yea, that's part of why he's not using it right
that was stupid
he needs to change it
I mean the joke itself was funny, which is why I linked to it 15mins ago but still. 
You could use it maybe after you warmed someone up
Not initially when you walk up to said person
his problem is he's using it like a schlub
the tone of the joke needs to be delivered differently
he's conveying it like "..you have no interest in me.."
it's needs to be like "you have not interest in me, but we're gonna change that"
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/42v63x/reddit_whats_your_best_pickup_line/czdfwzx
see now this is clever 
that'd never work
"do you have a raisin?"
"..lyk..wuut?"
"...how bout a date?"
doesn't follow
if you're stupid
I can see someone laughing awkwardly and saying no
then you follow up by asking for a date
a good pick up line needs to account for a woman being a bag of bricks
I feel
90% of women's reactions are almost always "...what?"
but didn't you just say
"people who have a good sense of humour vs people who are more "basic""
as in, having a filter 
Well sure, if you wanna go like nuclear vetting
thats a really good opener to find really sharp women
I fail to see how a bad line about interest rates would be better than that
they are trying to do two different things
there are PUA openers
where if a woman doesn't say a specific thing you're looking for
you walk away
if you're looking for a woman with a specific type of personality
if your opener is "do you have a raisin"
you're going to be needing a woman who's somewhat sharper or more confident than others to immediately answer "no"
not nearly as mucha s making a joke about interests rates though
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42ve65/i_am_the_baby_mama_of_one_of_the_most_desired_men/
welp..
"It's in a woman's nature to use a man for his resources whether it'd be money, genes, sex. "
One of these things is not like the other...
Just dont fuck crazies
All problems solved
you misspelled golddiggers
because that woman is perfectly in her right mind
And that too yeah
And this is why effectively do what all the rich people do.
Basically own nothing in the eyes of the state
boo!
Aaaaah
architect, I know you went back and watched some of it but did you finish MaM?
Yo dragoness why don't terps just go for different types of girls?
what do you mean 'different types'??
AWALT
You know if they have so much going on for them?
O my bad
All women are party girls who a drunk and on cocaine all the time
those are the ones who put out easily and go for the types of men TRP wishes to embody I guess
Right and that is fatalistic as fuck.
And the ones who aren't either can't dance or can't afford alcohol and drugs
Classic tale of the moth going into the flame
"Women are sluts! Ugh why don't women put out!"
Pick one.
no no, women are sluts..just not for them
O I mean the whole wanting virgin or one that is "modest"
But still going for the "slut"
they'll tell you they're different sets of people
which, idk is true in some cases but then not in others
the only thing I think is ridiculous is all the crying over that Sheryl Sandberg quote, because it's exactly what they want to do - or are doing - except the quote is aimed at women
you have no place to whine about the AF/BB dichotomy if you're essentially doing the same thing.
Pretty much
Going for the pretty girl
Come to think of it, it IS what they're trying to do
Over the nice and smart, but average looking girl
no, more than that. going for the hot, wild, threesome having party chicks
O my bad ofc
Cue eye rolling 
I mean you are doing the same
Don't blame these women.
well, then again
the argument can be made that since women are the gatekeepers, it's ultimately on them
That quote is silly I mean sure you can see afbb in it no denying that, but she could also be very much telling the women not to be with those men because they are bad for her. Not because the "bb" in question is uglier or shittier in anyway
Just not good for her
BTL, it still implies that the BB "good" guys are less attractive to her though
How does it imply that?
They are talking about traits
<Carkudo> BTL, it still implies that the BB "good" guys are less attractive to her though
They aren't necessarily worse or better
Just that these women should try them out
I think really it implies both are attractive but one has zero long term viability 
To see what she wont be missing
^^^
I think they are projecting s hard here.
Because they think or know that they are low value men deep down
Maybe it's projection, maybe it isn't, I'm undecided on that. 
I think it's blatant hipocrasy though
That is true
any man who rants to fuck a bunch of sluts and spin plates is free to do so, more power to him; but it annoys me when those same men want to or even expect to settle down with a "good girl" later on in life
I mean take Carkudo for example he looks fucking normal not weird looking or anything 
*but then expects the good girls to never have done the same
I can pull a list of people on a daily basis that look actually weird. At this point it seems more like a attitude thing than anything
Though I could be very wrong.
O I think it is normal dragoness. You wanting to be a special snowflake so the rules dont apply to you, but others. Is it reasonable? No freaking way.
You mum's attitude, beotch
I'm the nicest guy in the fucking world
now you gotta say it two more times to make sure we really know how nice you are
Hahaha thats more like it Carkudo 
I'm so fucking nice sluts should be dropping panties just from seeing me fucking pass by
Rofl panda
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42umhe/how_does_bp_explain_the_field_report_success/czdo2gv
there ya go
Hmmmm, how does BP explain field reports indeed
Can't wait to find out
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42umhe/how_does_bp_explain_the_field_report_success/czdgyc6
that's how
Best thread ever
it's stupid af because TBP doesn't even say TRP flat out doesn't work or that being a douche doesn't wet panties in some circles 
hell, some of THEM have even fucked guys like that
Lol, nah
can you please finish it, wtf???
I'm dying here
Loool, I'll do my best. I thought dg was your mam brodette
Lol
have we ever talked about it here?
I don't recall
Dont think so
Ik was away for the past days so idk
I*
IT's kinda infuriating, yeah, when attraction is rationalized by basically ascribing virtue to attractive assholes
Meh they were just attractive
Nothing you can do about that
You can, you know, not ascribe virtue to them
Its like being pissed someone is smarter than you. Sure its understandable. Just not productive, unless its an incentive to try harder.
O I don't.
I've mentioned it before, but I love my friend who openly admitted that her abusive asshole of a boyfriend was just too sexy to break up with
I didn't mean you as in you
I usually judge people on what they can do for me not how they look though I am not perfect in doing that. 
Then she is a moron imo.
I think what Carkudo is saying is often times even in here  people will list a jerk behavior and the ladies will go to any length to backwards rationalize why it's OK for him to do it. "He blew a little girl away with a 12 gauge misanthrop
Mossberg
Maybe he just doesn't like children
That doesn't make him an ashole
So do guys with pretty women?
Jeeeez
Nope BTL
I don't get the relevance. Pretty people just get a lot of leeway
I give attractive women even less credit.
You maybe
Guys are way less likely to attach moral judgements to attraction
I assume they're all pieces of shit until proven otherwise
Me maybe
But most of the people?
Wait BTL
I have a source
Less likely I agree Carkudo  way more? I doubt that
https://www.reddit.com/r/FeMRADebates/comments/424s32/men_dissociate_sexual_attraction_from_moral/
Women do do it a lot more, but I wouldn't say men don't do it
I'm not saying men don't do it at all
But you don't see divorce rape survivors rationalizing their exes' behaviors and trying to paint them as virtuous.
But women basically redraw the concept of being an asshole
So that they don't have to admit he's an asshole
Yup
And then it usually turns into blaming  nice guys for not understanding how flirting works somehow
Well I dont see either party being happy in a divorce. Generally anyway.
When it's like "no  he actually just punched out an old lady..."
Yeah thats just silly Architect 
Dude was attractive and they made excuses for it
.context
Nice guy wasn't
lol
Because apparently attraction to attractiveness is shallow
Right
Or something
It is shallow
People just dnt give a fuck
you think guys who are bad boys to you do that?
punching old ladies?
Yes. Real men punch old ladies
Everyone knows this
Get with the program
Okay sorry
I didn't want admit to it first
But we even have a counter to tell us how many old ladies we punched
that's only for the pros
Alright its been funish back to work
I don't get why he signs off
< <Architect> I think what Carkudo is saying is often times even in here  people will list a jerk behavior and the ladies will go to any length to backwards rationalize why it's OK for him to do it. 
I need an example of this
I also need not to be having a migraine right now, but I'll take one or the other 
It's fairly common for discussions of jerks vs nice guys in here to essentially result I'm the women redefining what being an asshole means. I can't give you an exact example because I can't remember them but we've talked about it maybe 3 times I recall and everytime the mans behavior which was most certainly assholish was revealed as a nice guy just not
understanding how being attractive works
<Architect> It's fairly common for discussions of jerks vs nice guys in here to essentially result I'm the women redefining what being an asshole means
I've found a lot of men/TRP tend to do that more so than women
"What even is being an asshole?" 
Like..wit?
Wut
I don't think so. Men more often don't care
They just want hot chick
no
I'm saying men tend to redefine what asshole means
Women are more likely Imo to redefine what they want as morally good
Oh ok
I think asshole is very objective
And can't be redefined
because apparently it's anything from playful teasing, to beating women
Can you give an eg
example of what?
Here's the thing
Throwing out hardcore negs that are just rude is ...rude
This is usually the behaviour women defend
I've never seen that
give me an example of a hardcore neg though
Being an obnoxious verbally abusive asshole is not game
That's the behavior women defend all the time
for example? 
As long as the guys hot
It's an entire trope. I can't give you an exact example. Picture a hot guy saying mean things
I need you to be more specific about what kind of obnoxious, verbally abusive things you've seen being defended
well then, sorry I can't really agree with that because I've never seen it
That's ok
I don't have any egs. They wer too long ago
Everyone knows what a jerk bad boy is
I'm just having such a hard time picturing women, especially the women here defending any kind of hardcore, obnoxious, verbally abusive behavior 
to THAT degree
apparently everyone doesn't. 
Picture a dude
Being mean
Then being funny
bad boys can me "guy with lots of tattoos and piercings" 
*be
Yea, that's not really a bad boy to me
A bad boy is the jock who's funny but also very cruel
You are having a bad day and he insults your outfit
Or something
NHe doesn't even have to be that funny
He's got attractiveness to cover for that
I mean he's attractive and popular which to women means he's funny
that's so silly
When women say men are funny, they don't mean he's actually funny
Well to be fair
Sometimes they do
really? are you sure about that?
Sure
arch
Sometime s
Wait wait
Nah nevermind
That's an old pua thing
"Be cocky, be attractive, and women will deem you funny"
That being said, let's say he is genuinely funny
Doesn't matter, he's still a cruel fuck
But women love it
What's so awesome about that Jed Manson Models book?
Mark Manson, and nothing
I like MArk Manson
It gets brought up fairly frequently on PPD
I think he gives good advice
In favorable light mostly, with bloops AND terps
I use his advice often to make sure J and I are doing ok
:)
he better have some advice for me lol
His advice is totally fucking convoluted and conditional
His book is horrid
Can basically be summed up by "1.get hot"
2. Here are some things that will make you a  bit hotter once you're hot"
Like thanks assclown
Hahaha, oh fuck
That's what the whole fuss was about?
lol wat
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/llfx9I9t/
"You are having a bad day and he insults your outfit" such bad boy, much cruelty 
sounds pretty typical bad boy though
Jeyus
Have you ever made a girl cry?
one of you two
if you would you would know how completely innocuous that sorta thing is
if you did*
Y'know, I wish I'd mattered to a girl enough so that a careless comment from me would elicit such a reaction lol
Any girl that gets an emotional response out of that is a stupid bitch
Don't play with fire if you can't handle it
You're putting too much emphasis on a single example
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42umhe/how_does_bp_explain_the_field_report_success/czdpbct?context=3
huh?
And you two are putting two much emphasis on bad boy glorification
RedMan, I'm not. Just stating the fact that bad boys get laid
lots of men get laid though, so..
Yes all bad boys lay 100% of the womyn
lol
No wait
I forgot what we were talking about
Shit I need sleep badly
one of my guy friends is a stereotypical bad boy, like tatted up, piercings, criminal record, deals drugs, has 3 baby mamas bad boy
he's Asian 
yeah idk
he gets laid a ton but he's also a total pussy hound and is hot as fuck
People always try to isolate this bad boy thing as if the bad stuff he does is getting him laid
right
and that's utter bullshit, you should look at whole package
this is totally unrelated but....I'll be really fucking happy once anal week is over. 
LOL
so if being a bad boy gets you laid why aren't you being a bad boy yet?
wtf is anal week?
lol
<dragoness> he's Asian <- my friend's abusive alpha boyfriend was too
white women hating asian men is mostly an American thing anyway. Asian guys do alright in Russia.
It's an annual, week long celebration of anal sex to frighten away the winter demons and summer the spring gods
*summon
what kind of Asian are we talking here though?
Japanese
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42ndmk/when_they_are_not_into_that_sex_act/czbmku0
Mostly
this is bullshit
Although we have plenty of local Asians too
how fucking delusional 
it's an exaggeration but I don't think it's bullshit
PoopInMyBottom's response was dead on
I used to think that
but that was personal bias
now maybe for ~the right guy~ she will reluctantly agree once...
but so is truth's reply
but she wont "love it' 
I used to think I could make women love any form of sex
She might not "love it" but she would be doing it willingly
which is exactly the whole fucking point of the OP
To please him
To keep him
Because he's just that valuable
yet not enthusiastically 
this is how resentment builds
or not
recall my friend with the abusive boyfriend again
She would routinely complain about his abuse, but it did not build resentment
that oh-so valuable "great guy" starts looking less and less great once you find yourself doing a whole bunch of things you dont' want to do
She was just as starry-eyed about him months later
I guess if it's a bunch of stuff she REALLY doesn't enjoy, then yeah
But women also tend to adopt the interests of their alpha boyfriends, so...
alpha?
lol
isn't that normal for women who are really just into their partners? 
Wow that portrait looks like a friend of mine
please tell me you mean the baby
<dragoness> isn't that normal for women who are really just into their partners? <- yeah I guess
And no, the mum
aww, you say mum
Said friend is, btw, an active feminist lesbian who had to cut off a certain guy because his hotness was interfering with her being lesbian
hahaha
 <Carkudo> But women also tend to adopt the interests of their alpha boyfriends, so... --> those are pretty weak women in my opinion
to like something your bf likes?
dey no true scotswomen, huh
to adopt interests just cause of him
yeah
I mean sure if you are interested in them
but faking it
why even?
oh, fake interest. okay, then yeah
I don't even think it's faking
I dunno
I've seen it
It's literally when something becomes interesting to her because a hot guy is into it
I have a woman I rp with
she does it cause her bf does
and they are super co-dependent
but she hates it
we have changed games 6 times now
alpha?
because she isnt enjoying the game
no weak woman
he is nt what I would describe as an alpha
she just molds herself to bfs
its co-dependency
I mean to me, some of that just looks like being a supportive girlfriend 
yeah
but to sit in a game
not to that degree of course but still
and make it awful for ever one else
or like Js other gf
who in the beginning pretended she liked board games
cause he does and I do
nah, dragoness, like I said, literal adoption of interests
and she would come with to play games
and it was awful
cause she would act like she is dumb
oh yes it does
i just had a dream that i had a son, and then my dad said "are you gna get a dog aswell?" and then he got me that aswell and in my head i was thinking oh man now this is getting a bit too much
Sounds like a normal dream
yeah it was
my mac charger is intermittent
cant figure out what part is gone
coming back to the whole "She will adopt what he likes thing"
yup
ive seen it happen
but not for the guys who are learning
yep
i know you should never bend over backwards for a girl, but just rejecting an entitled girl who hits up a conversation with you, just so you can shoot her down and be a virgin forevermore seems counterproductive
Honestly I think they overestomate their "conquests" susandeath 
Hitting on a 8/9 seems way cooler than a 6
yeah Jack4ss
https://www.rt.com/news/329221-netherlands-mini-skirts-rally/
BTL which sexy legs are yours?
woohoo
O I Didn't join that haha
RMBP
you back?
yeah
RedManBearPig> coming back to the whole "She will adopt what he likes thing"
Was sick and had to do a exam
please continue
and BTL didn't join because he is sane
And I am sane rofl
BTL weak sauce
Yup RedManBearPig 
That too haha
you could have  written your exam in a skirt
men in skirts are hot
well this is what I said before I dced
ok
hot men are hot
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/BMC635lo/
well I diagree
I have seen women adopt things they dont enjoy
at least at first
they do it
and bitch about it
until the guy gives up
or makes an ultimatum for her to back off
then she didn't adopt it
<+susandeath> I have seen women adopt things they dont enjoy <- it's more like they suddenly enjoy it because their hot boyfriend is doing it
not doing it grudgingly
I disagree Carkudo
I disagree susandeath
well then you are wrong
have some cake

no u
I agree with carkudo. Some personalities do really get into things if other people are into it
no u
have some pie
but this is not everybody
and in they end they do not truly adopt it.
I have never seen it
I have only seen the pretend
and bitch
Well then
My life experience is greater than yours
Youngster!
Carkudo you the Man!
Carkudo++
I still think its weak
be your own person
no susan
you are wrong
Do you remember that post about a woman who just had to spend crazy amounts of money on hobbies she thought up on the spot but she didn't push through to make them actual hobbies? Her husband held her back in this irrational behaviour
it is ur mum who is weak
hahaha
Carkudo my mom is the least weak person you could ever meet
 <RedManBearPig> Do you remember that post about a woman who just had to spend crazy amounts of money on hobbies she thought up on the spot but she didn't push through to make them actual hobbies? Her husband held her back in this irrational behaviour
yeah I remember her
compulsive spender
weak
If you are a go with the flow person you can easily land yourself into new things you might wanna try but in the end they don't fit you
how do you manage to not follow through on hobbies yet still spend lots of money on them?
maybe
Carkudo cause she was one of those
like, you buy an expensive bike, ride it once, then buy an even more expensive one?
Not maybe
Fact
must have all the best of everything before I start people
and then she would start
and stop
after she bought all the supplies
right
ok I wonder if we are talking the same point
I am not talking about a woman that tries something her bf is into
and then enjoys it
and then does it
I am saying
if she tries it
hates it
but keeps doing it cause her bf does
that is weak
to me it shows a sign of a weak personality
and a tendency to be co-dependent
might be
neither of which in my mind is healthy
you could also call it dumb dedication
you could call it that
I probably wouldnt
dumb yeah
I really dontr get joined at the hip couples
who must do everything together
it is alien in my head
that is also alien to me
I think its not healthy
I dislike codependency
I do too
ug
what is codependency?
I find it annoying and frustrating
on those occasions when it infringes into my life
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codependency
You guys mean codependency as
here filozof
Do EVERYTHING together?
its a bit more than that BTL
its like they either do stuff they dont like or give up stuff they do
just to please the other oerson
*person
like the woman I was talking about earlier
who rps and larps
O nope
Fuck that
or like J in his marriage
when he gave up all his nerdy things cause his wife hated them
I will just go gay if every woman expected that
like he stopped playing magic and stuff
its so bad
at the end of his marriage he didnt know who he was anymore cause he gave up so much for her
thats what co-dependent relationships do to people
Like look I dont mind doing things together  but everything and giving up shit for no good reason? No way.
which is why I say its a sign of a weak personality
I agree BTL
i can go to wikipedia susandeath, i'm just curious how you define it
like that
I am talking about that
people talk about this evil thing called "codependency" all the time, i'm not sure if they know what it means
I do
She just explained it
supporting other people's poor mental health
J did this
gave up all his own things
for his exwife
i'm not saying you don't but plenty of people seen to be confused as to its meaning
cause otherwise she would have these crazy breakdowns
well sure, if codependency is enabling the other person's bad behavior
then it's wrong
and she never took care of her own mental health
well yeah
and not being your own person
is a sign of immaturity
its a sign you don't have a fixed id 
and enabling that sort of thing
is co-dependency
and taking up stuff you dont like just so you can always be with your SO is co-dependency
its bad for a person
Its in the definition filozof I dont see how susandeath is using it wrong
i didnt say she's using it wrong, i was just curious how she uses it
i thought that codependency is being dependent on eath other, that's how it sounds
My bad I thought you meant wrong as in the definition is wrong
but i dont have anything against it
is the couple both co-dependent, or is the person looking after the other person dependent
independent*
Hey all
i cant imagine a scenariou where they both rely on eachother to function
drug addicts 
oh ok
also people with various mental health issues that feed off of one another; like two people who are bipolar, or depressed or a bulimic dating someone clinically depressed 
Or a thirsty man and a golddigger
actually....
well like J and his ex
she relied on him for validation etc
and he enabled that
they were both co-dependent
often co-dependent relationships have a dominant partner
who is mental
and the other person give isn
*gives in
BeyondTheLight, you actually reminded me of another type of codependency 
because they feel like they must fix the broken person
that was J and his ex
Why me
the white knight and the damsel in distress 
she never did anything to look after herself
and he kept giving and giving to "save" her
yep dragoness theirs was like that
O good one dragoness 
Rofl
I love how amiugly or amisexy is full of women
And rateme is full of dudes
Reddit is hilarious why didn't I know this?
never heard of it 
Amd those ratings of guys its hilarious
dragoness: keeps the good stuff away from me huh?
http://imgur.com/gallery/TvY2pxx
daily dose of awwww
http://metro.co.uk/2015/02/26/woman-loses-control-of-all-bodily-fluids-during-fifty-shades-screening-all-of-them-5081039/?platform=hootsuite
#nottheonion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz1cELbrOpQ&index=3&list=RDRLksX2jFUAw
this is the soundtrack to my day
http://i.imgur.com/tWflkWO.gif
she seems fun
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42vdem/me_29f_with_my_vegan_coworker_29f_i_dont_know_how/
imagine the possibilities
vegand
*vegans
man
shoot them all
feed them to crocodiles
Hahah
shoot and eat the crocodiles
Except buartha
ok he can stay
vegands, amirite guys
Pretty hardcore dragoness 
I like her
I have this weird thing about watching people do backflips though 
it makes my muscles lock up in fear
Wow, I really like that song Jack4ss! I'm surprised 
It takes getting used to first dragoness 
I actually had to get really flexible before I was comfortable enough to do most stuff
why surprised lol
i got all the fresh beas
beats
wait, which one of you is the gymnast BeyondTheLight, you or firion?
I am 
Firion is the meathead that owes me money
#greecepayyourdamndebts
Oh, that's right! For some reason I've been thinking it was him these past few...however long
Lmao
Yo Jack4ss pass me the song
siting here at 5am listing to goddamn house music like some dirty fucking druggie 
what is wrong with me
firion is not a meathead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz1cELbrOpQ&index=3&list=RDRLksX2jFUAw
jesus BTL, how lazy are you!
He so is shhhhh susandeath 
Lol
Not bad jack4ss
 https://youtu.be/oNlOZK48h8M this is also a good jack4ss dragoness
Good susandeath O have to watch my weight 
not bad BTL
im surprised
lllololo
yeah, this is actually pretty good but I'm only 63s in
it could go sideways any second now
Rofl
Well this is the shit I listen to 
And throw in some metal
I hate that. I hate when I'm really into the song but then the breakdown or the hook is atrocious and then I have to hate the whole song 
Yeah
There is this specific part that is good and then it sucks
Its the same with most of the skrillex bullshit
lol
There was this 1 somg that started good and I was like "is this possible? Skrillex being good????????"
And then "nope. Of course they blew it again."
hahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isSuEYFjiFk BTL
https://youtu.be/wpkeZ2kwpkM
Like this one
After 60 secs it become sutter shit
hahaha, I just listened 
damn. that's a shame 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48yHN5A_FoE
check this one out 
Yeah that one is pretty good Jack4ss 
Ok I like that one more than the previous ones
90's has got some good house amongst the clutter
A Guy Called Gerald was my introduction into 90s house music
it was also my exit
my mates used to play all the music we liked each week in a bar in cardiff
it was a hipster haven
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42u3w5/my_girlfriend_me_21m_her_21f_together_15_yrs/
this campus counselor needs to be fired
and is also RP
Jack4ss I think we would like it just fine together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWBYg-ZET-o
oh my god, I forgot how much I used to be into industrial. jesus, rough teens indeed
hahahaa
Rofl
I give that industrial a 6 out 10
susandeath's link: "Second week we got into a huge fight and she threw a coffee cup at my feet and it smashed. She apologized profusely and said she was super stressed from classes and that Hilary Clinton was getting more press than Bernie Sanders (who I support to and why I'm on Reddit, but I don't get that stressed)."
LOL
this guy
I was happy to read his edit
The day i get that mad over a candidate getting more press that i need to abuse an SO
bitches be crazy
I haven't read the post
but
he might kill her
he left
she got caught on video in a store pummeling him
the store clerk called the cops
the cops escorted him to get his stuff
7:30 AM <fiat> susandeath's link: "Second week we got into a huge fight and she threw a coffee cup at my feet and it smashed. She apologized profusely and said she was super stressed from classes and that Hilary Clinton was getting more press than Bernie Sanders (who I support to and why I'm on Reddit, but I don't get that stressed)."
his dad is paying for a hotel
he is done
Roflololol
ikr, witzie ?
Lo-fucking-L
Getting so mad about press coverage. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/42v0lt/tifu_by_almost_bringing_the_wrong_baby_home_from/
damn, cucked so card he almost raised another man's baby. .....and another woman's.
*hard. I'm shocked someone actually posted an *actual* fuckup
THAT is brilliant
ha
hahah
that is funny
man, i cant comprehend how embarassed he/she must have felt
he*
ikr
my face would be red
boy you dun goofed
"Mike, this is not your child" 
"Shut up mom I know what my kid looks like, I see her everyday!"
i like how the  man couldnt spot the difference
like hey
all the babies look the same
lol.  I was surprised even the grandmother knew
doesnt matter which onei pick does it?
yup
lol
but yeah reading the comments; the hospital fucked up bad
shouldnt be that easy to do that
lololol @ coffeedynamics "proof" photo https://i.imgur.com/P5miy4b.jpg
Lolololol
well yeah
What is this?!?!!??!
What is it?
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42wxru/how_do_you_feel_about_women/czdrrss
I'm not reading all that
witzie: AtlasB: fiat
super glad to know PPD now has another TV on the Radio fan though
so
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42vdxx/my_22m_girlfriend_22f_doesnt_want_to_teach_our/
what are all these people doing
what did the proof photo serve for?
that they keep getting pregnant accidentally\
I mean BIRTH CONTROL people!
also
if you date outside your religion
you gonna have a hrd time
You're a muslem bruv, just smack her till she submits to your demands
how had that conversation not come up prior to this?
I can answer that for you, because they are ignorant, dumb people
"raise him or her free of "the shackles of religion" were her exact words."
I guess it didnt come up earlier cause she got accidentally pregnant
and they are 22
"My faith is really important to me,"
if it was THAT important he/they should've discussed this beforehand though
I mean, even before the oops baby
he's probably one of those slackislamists 
did she not see him on the floor towards mecca a billion times a day before hand?
a lot of muslems aren't even abiding the rules
they just believe
well CLEARLY he isnt
or doing the Ramamdan thing
in a response below he says he keeps Ramadan
so she must have noticed that'
its a hellava ritual
for a MONTH
of all the second generation muslems in my country about 20% do ramadan
"I don't know where everyone is getting the belief that I'm going to force my kid to be a muslim."
GEE, WHO KNOWS
He just wants to teach his kid though
that's what he is saying atleast
I get that but I DON'T get how he's surprised by how people interpreted that
Wait
I think I already made a point about that.
This whole not discussing your respective stances on religion and how you'd raise your kids after a couple years thing though is kinda odd
Ah yes, he's dumb and ignorant
lol
i hate religion
I don't hate it, but I don't care for it
it basically just doesn't exist to me
especialyl when people dont follow it entirely
if your book says stone gay men, THEN DO IT
or dont be relgiious
haha
its all or nothing
ffs
u cant pick and choose
I'm sorry but lolol
otherwise it proves its all aload of shit doesnt it?
I used to feel like that tbh
and it doesnt matter
the problem is jack4ss the books and the scriptures contain alot of conflicting rules
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42tlxk/me_29_f_with_my_so_32_m_of_about_8_months_i_cant/
its 8th months woman
or at least similarly. Like when my friends who were fucking their live-in bfs would go on and on about how god hates gays
why are you trying to save this
yeah, another example how they can justify there stupid stuff
like aren't you having premarital sex 7 days a week??
WITH BIRTH CONTROL!!
the holy books arent written well enough to be taken seriously
lol
i was in rp once, and this guy believe christianity should be enforced because its good for society
you cant enforce beliefs!!!!
he could try
that post is like an TERP goldmine susandeath
alpha widowed
i either believe it or i dont
denying the new guy the good stuff
lol RMBP
AWALT
cock carousel
but she's not denying him though
he think she's a deviant
ah you are right
do religious people accept there is a possibility that THERE chosen holy book which was enforced on them, MIGHT not be the "right" holy book
no
and I always thought about how weird that was as a kid
because its like ip dip do, whether or not your religion is true
like "but wait, somebody has to be wrong..right???"
yeah
and everyone is so sure they're not in the wrong
like it doesnt look good for the holy books right now, so many different types and they all conflict
right
and they conflict themselves to
how can any intellectual, trust this source
no wait, the girl is denying him the pleasure of her orgasms
So still denial
atleast PIV orgasms
I imagine they can hamster it. like Christians trying to foist their own special brand of religion to the pagans 
(that she is not capable doesn't matter)
idk, it's all too weird to me. I don't even bother with it. like I said, religion just doesnt exist for me. 
lol red
Lol I read it
What a fucking tool
diviant
he should be all whoo hooo
she is into butt stuff
yeah!!
He isn't supposed to have sex with someone he didn't marry in the first place 
Stupid muslim dude
he must have a religious background
or he must be foreign
I mean isnt every one all anal anal anal as the best thing ever!
the thing is, ONCE AGAIN we have a post where someone overshared with their partners
right BT
dragoness, they always hamster away there beliefs and justify it irrationally
yep
BTL*
He does eeverything wrong and still wants to raise him as a muslim
like, they cant put a convincing argument across
He failed by definition lol
lolol
Does he think this will fix his mistake?
another thing that annoys me
is in the new when they say they terrorists arent real muslims because they didnt follow a couple rules, BUT when a non terrorist does it and a normal muslim eats meat or something, they still are a muslim?
news*
I think he wants to impart some kind of structure or moral system on the kid life but doesn't know how to do that without the backing of his religion 
no BTL
I have no issue with being religious or anything, but the moment you dictate things for others and you do it wrong yourself is the moment I stop taking you serious lol
BTL do you think all these mocros over here are real muslims?
well that's just another form of No True Scotsman 
No fucking way RedManBearPig 
THey consider themselves real muslims though
exactly
yes
and they use the word allah
so they ARE muslims
just not very good ones
jsut like the ones that eat meat
or w/e
they're extremists but their actions are based on the exact same views as the "real" muslims 
like fundamentalist, Pentecostal Christians and...the rest of the christians 
That is like me thinking I am a doctor while I studying for EE
You can think what you like
But it isn't true
The moment you don't adhere to those morals is the moment you part from them 
M <dragoness> I think he wants to impart some kind of structure or moral system on the kid life but doesn't know how to do that without the backing of his religion  ---> this is common for people who were raised in a religion
like my sister all the time tells me she is glad she came back to being a mormon cause how else would she teach her kid mora;ls
loool
The problem is that the laws are often contradictory. You cannot uphold the laws of true christianity or true islam
People who wrote the texts didn't think about that shit
it's a huge mess which is openly interpreted and rewritten
There are real obvious things like dont have sex before marriage and all that crap
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42w98o/my_gf_20f_of_6ish_months_is_trying_to_convince_me/
Even the "real" jihad is more you fighting your "inner self" than actually banging people in the head
someone report this woman for animal cruelty
Its one of those convenient cases where they hide behind their religion to justify their cause
Just like feminism. "We are doing it for all the women! Not just mainly the upper class!"
(Not a religion, but you get the idea)
modern feminism is just dumb
in the west
It is just all a continuation of rallying people under your banner
To just use them
And guess what religion has a terrific infrastructure just for that
Race, gender and you fucking name it, it doesn't matter
All is welcome
not anymore though
It still is. It just lost some power. Hell it is even gaining traction these past years
What religion though?
do you think people really want to hand in their freedom for religion?
They kind of are
Take the usa for example
They made it harder for women to abort children
If you pick pussy over kitty, please rehome kitty.
hahahaha
Really?
I don't see that as a legit example
I also don't trust americans to make rational decisions so
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42w98o/my_gf_20f_of_6ish_months_is_trying_to_convince_me/
check this
OPs gf got on the thread
Even here in the netherlands you have more christians these past few years RedManBearPig 
is is bashing him there
It isn't enormous or anything like that but it is gaining traction again
One of my boys looked at it a while back
like researched it
during the 2000s religion took a serious drop in general in europe
I still feel like it's declining
but I dunno
and isn't it that christians just breed more than normal people do?
Might be that
But they seem more vocal about it 
That might play a role in it
lol @ xtian vs. normal
morning all
Hi HWL
my experience with xtians is that I'm a normal rural cityboy and xtians are the people who are left behind. Like the whole of my fathers family
Lol didnt even notice that happywifelife 
Guess RedManBearPig think not being christian is the status quo haha.
lol
And I too since I didn't notice it lol
my family is very xtian, i am agnostic/athiest
i grew up in my grandfather's church
Like they stay behind in their little villages and interbreed like dumbasses
lolol
Fun fact, some provinces in the Netherlands are "known" as incest provinces
Including my province
But it isn't that surprising when you get villages where 50% of the people have the same last name
luckily I'm the result of exogamy so yay
Biblebelt eeeeeeeeeyyy
is being xtian the status quo though?
protestant is not the status quo here, neither is Catholicism
i dont really know, doesn't seem like millennials are xtian 
maybe im wrong
Yup happywifelife all millennials are gay faggots now
lol
Deal with it
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42syvv/found_my_friends_daughter_13f_on_pof/
usda prime!
oh boy
morning susandeath
hey happywifelife
https://evolutionistx.wordpress.com/2015/05/06/has-australia-gone-totally-nuts/
#ouch
this sucks for her adoptive family
"I have a much, much stronger connection with the biological family I only met as an adult than I have with the adoptive family that actually raised me. I cant help it. "
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42wthc/how_does_29m_suddenly_not_see_a_future_anymore/
OUCH!
Evolutionistx said she'd try to come chat in her phone
O nice!
susandeath: dude's gay
which dude the 29 year old
nah it happens
a lot
he is gonna get married in the next two years max
and start popping out babies
happens all the time
i'm still voting gay
I dont think parents reading their children bedtime stories should constantly have in their minds the way that they are unfairly disadvantaging other peoples children, but I think they should have that thought occasionally,
um
AtlasB: !!!!!
Meeeeb
awesome!
what moron said that
it'll be hard for her to auth though
did she say when?
can we kick the bot for a while?
Nah we can help her auth
Tis all gud
if you are advantaging your kids you mustnt incase someone else is a shitty parent
She said her browser was old and she'd try to do a phone app
that is the most ridiculous notion I have ever heard
I could help her with the authing
Why is it so hard to author 
http://www.abc.net.au/radionational/programs/philosopherszone/new-family-values/6437058
susandeath this guy does
Tempt?/???
Sometimes the auto-auth messes up
Tempy: 
sometimes hostmask hiding doesn't work
lol, howdy :)
tempy!!!
well she has to make an account, link it to her email, figure out the password, figure out how to auth, figure out how to hide host mask, and all those steps don't always work at any given time
i can't imagine how fucked up a kid would be if the parents followed every little dribble of bullshit printed in mainstream media about parenting these days
it duplicated my name and i cant remember how to fix it :(
Look at trp meeb
Tempy_!!
Awkward
hi :)
hello :)
dang lady, it just aint the same without you
nice to see you
witzie: we've fixed everything technical lately, so it all works now :P
im supposed to be printing w-2s and 1099s
lmao https://www.reddit.com/r/blunderyears/comments/42v6yi/puberty_was_kind_to_me/
blech
oh!  now i know why youre here
hahaha
Poor girl susandeath 
yeah BTL
I bet he will marry someone else in the future though
Within the next 5 or so years
.context
yeah BTL
who is wetweiner
One way philosophers might think about solving the social justice problem would be by simply abolishing the family. If the family is this source of unfairness in society then it looks plausible to think that if we abolished the family there would be a more level playing field. 
Can't the muslims shoot him witzie ?
judging by the lovely name, i would assume a prim and proper RPW
lol
i heard this chat was now only currently active RPW so i decided it would be safe to come back
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42vti7/me_24m_with_my_gf_24f_15_years_and_sister_33f_my/
oooh
no snotty little singsong virgin boys
Tempy_ you had left?1
it's been about six months i think
he has to put his foot down. Make it known that neither is going away any time soon.
yep
and he has an awesome sister
I've only been back on since around xmas since I was so caught up with school
like really
here
live here
I will pay your studies and feed you and give you space to study instead of chorse
nice
Yeah she is really nice
yay camille paglia http://www.salon.com/2016/01/27/camille_paglia_hillarys_blame_men_first_feminism_may_prove_costly_in_2016/
camille paglia is great, have to read this
susandeath: this guy sounds immature. He is not ready for a full time relationship.
why would any man vote for hillary
he is silly about his gf
like she is all awesome and caring to her own family
but he cant see that she is shitty to his and that makes the relationship toxic
Ok I read it susandeath 
he is gonna be back in like a year saying
His gf can choke on a big fat black dick
my gf needs me to drop out of med school
cause I not doing enough chores
And him for being a pussy
"Idk how to feel about loans"
Then dont mother fucker
Just accept the status quo and keep going
he is like
she could be so awesome
when she matures some more
If your gf is a bitch then fuck her she can leave. You only know her for 1.5 years. And guess what even if your sister isnt your sister 
dont date the person you think she is gonna be
date the one she is now moron
She pays for your fucking tuition helps you with food chores
Basically THE perfect study environment.
I know
well at least he is hesitant to ask his sister to pay his rent if he moves out
his sister is a peach
like she offered to do it
and he is all I dunno that its right
so he is half ok
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42vti7/me_24m_with_my_gf_24f_15_years_and_sister_33f_my/czdin2u
Bad as it is ahrqjananananiajha
Can I fucking kill this pussy
yes BTL
but only if you get his sister to give me half of one year of his med school tuition
"Gennifer Flowers is no historical footnote but rather a ghostly twin" <-- that is eerily accurate
witzie WingN did you see my link?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42xgvh/my_f19_boyfriend_m28_wants_me_to_give_up_modelling/
no drok what
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42wxru/how_do_you_feel_about_women/czdrrss
lol I saw that earlier on ppd 
wazzup is such a slimy little traitor
It doesn't even make sense
lol at the comments in AtlasB's article "I tried, I really did, but I couldn't stomach reading an article criticizing Clinton for being a 'men-hating feminst" written by an open and avowed "women-hating-feminist" like Paglia.  It's patently sexist to blame a woman because men don't like her.  Don't the men have "agency"?  Aren't they responsible for their
own thoughts and feelings?  Apparently not to Paglia. " 
I just told him it's good that he is against TRP
wazzup is dead to me
lol
susandeath++
I was listening to either Tom Joyner or Steve Harvey's morning show this AM
and they briefly discussed this
http://news.yahoo.com/leader-oregon-wildlife-refuge-occupation-arrested-cnn-024944320.html
and one of them said
"Oh lawd what is the world coming to when white people treat other white people like this!"
lol it was funny
RIP Finicum
lol
tempy im so gla dyoure back!
Are all american reporters british now?
damn accent is getting them jobs
*anchors
Yay, me too :)
hiya all
Morning
good morning!
"I'm just not going to prison," Finicum said. "Look at the stars. There's no way I'm going to sit in a concrete cell where I can't see the stars and roll out my bedroll on the ground. That's just not going to happen. I want to be able to get up in the morning and throw my saddle on my horse and go check on my cows. It's OK. I've lived a good life. God's been
gracious to me."
Oh nevermind.
He wanted to die a movie death.
Jesus.
lol
"that person is not me" looooool https://gma.yahoo.com/miami-doctor-accused-attacking-uber-driver-calls-biggest-125500270--abc-news-topstories.html
LOL!
I just saw that briefly at a bar
I thought it was some crazy chick raging at a boyfriend
lol
I dinndunuffin
.
haha omg he wasnt even the uber driver
ah good, I'm on my normal name now
this is so funny
honestly, i have a friend who is also a 4th year neurology resident
and when she gets drunk
same shit
she's just lucky we dont record her
ppl need to stop drinking
I love that she is trying to make it s if she was not responsible for her actions
"hey shit was bad that day, can't be a nice person all the time you know"
hahaah
i mean
what else can she say
she said she's ashamed
she should send that guy a note and a gift basket
apologize
move on
bitxh was drunk and belligerent 
she's lucky if she's able to keep her job
what are the odds that she would have made an apology on twitter had she not been taped?
doubtful. she wouldnt even have the means to do so
that guy was a random man she accosted
yeah but her apology was entirely composed of "I'm a wittle girl, please feel sorry for meeeeee!"
did we really need to know that her boyfriend broke up with her? lol
i was going to say that
do you want me to kick tempy_
the whole i had a bad day thing was unnecessary 
sure
morning
tempy! hey :D
quakenet says i have the wrong password to op lol but thats fine
how are you? 
I would have pinned her to the ground until a police man showed up
good, you?
i'm hanging in there
sinuses :(
ah bummer
morning Sunhappy 
morning
He's nice. And a man.
I would have punched her. 
Especially if she threw my shit on the ground.
she said she's 100
i have 30lbs and more muscle
she has to die
lol
Wtf
Even griddy is 130 lbs
yeah you men in this chat are tiny
Yeah wtf
every dude I date is 200
This sht is serious
i thought that was normal
lol
i'm trying to figure out some 1099s but they are tricky
im also taller than you tho
True
http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/42v0lt/tifu_by_almost_bringing_the_wrong_baby_home_from/
But by like 2 inches max
Crazy that the mom can tell
http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/42v0lt/tifu_by_almost_bringing_the_wrong_baby_home_from/
You probably have more muscle than I do
yeah 2 inches
plus an ass
plus boobs
plus thighs
Lol 
Crazy that the mom can tell
Yup that too 
I didn't even consider that actually
Ahhaaha
yeah look at this chick
http://i.imgur.com/JWMpL.jpg
she's by all means thin
but her thighs are prob bigger than yours
yikes!
women's weight is distributed differently
her figure is ideal
ideal ish
ideal
i'd be happy with that
birthing hips, skinny
my ass is better
lol
and she has no boobs!
Yours better be griddy
BeyondTheLight: -_-
:P
but i feel you Sunhappy 
BeyondTheLight who do you love more
griddy or buartha
i find that men grossly underestimate how much women weigh
say you had a really ugly baby and there was a chance to swap with a much cuter baby, how tempted would you be?
Yeah griddy I equated your weight equal to mine
Male solipy
tsk tsk
lolol
Damn witzie hard question
Look a plane!
whats wrong with your 1099s tempy
lmao
im dealing with all that mess now here at work lol
Right... rhat doesnt work in text based communication
AtlasB: have a rant please! We need this question to be burried dewp
hahahahha
i did some payments through checks (AP)  and some through direct deposit (GL)
ahhh :x
smhh
i need a better system
i thought we had something!
plane!? plane?? where!??
the gheys take everything
i guess the time to start is now 
they ghey is literally ruining the sanctity of griddys marriage to BTL
ahahah
also i lied
my ex was def not not 200
160 on a good day
Haha
everyone ive entertained since
yes they all seem to be tall or stocky
AWALT
are you using quickbooks
Nah makes sense
lol tempy 
again 5'10 in stocky was always my personal ideal
sage
if my baby was retarded or something I might try to swap
and stocky*
Looks good I don't blame women for it lol
right?
lol accounting 
oopsies, wrong baby!
props to you girl
i found my internet bae again!
just in case yall forgot!
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/85/f8/b3/85f8b3c40b3e085093ffc1feacadaed9.jpg
I mean when push comes to shove guys go for the skinny chick anyway
BUILTFAT LOVAH!
who the hell
is that 
Cant blame women for it
anyway yeah BeyondTheLight men don't care as much
as long as she's not fat
Sunhappy: some dude who always pops up when i google image builtfat
and i love his body
i kinda hate sage - it looks a lot like peachtree did but its not the same at all
look at those strong legs!
calves on fleek!
his body is still soft but strong
im in lurve
Lmao look at griddy melting
i am
hello tups
i LOATHE the roidy look
hi!
Its like sern having a usdaprime meltdown
are you from the RPW subreddit?
i hate stretched skin so im not a fan of super ripped
hahah it is like ser
yup
Hb10? 
Haha
going through the "transition" of swallowing the pill and having a damn hard time so I thought I'd come and check out the channel too
lay it on us
whats your username
on reddit
Tups-
ah cool tx
though I might create another one just to post in RPW, I haven't decided yet
http://www.salon.com/2016/01/27/camille_paglia_hillarys_blame_men_first_feminism_may_prove_costly_in_2016/
haha BeyondTheLight 
Drok wazzup is having a melt down haha
"As a teenager, Hillary Rodham adopted her fathers conservatism and campaigned for Barry Goldwater in the 1964 presidential campaign. In her freshman year at the all-woman Wellesley College, she was president of the Young Republicans club."
woooooow
Guess someone hooked him a bit too hard
Yeah
Did you see my reply to him?
link
you didnt know that?
she was a Goldwater Girl
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42uyz9/meditate_its_never_too_late_setting_aside_10/
does everyone meditate now?
ive said it here 20 times
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42wxru/how_do_you_feel_about_women/czdrrss
nah witzie i just read trashy books when i want to clear my mind
no no, i knew about the goldwater
but i didn't know she was in the young republicans club
imagine what could have been
i also never kenw she wasn't a natural blonde or blue eyed woman!
she hitched her star to bills wagon
and bills wagon was a democrat wagon
Rofl
Nice one
I meditate from time to time
Tups what are you ahving a hard time with?
i try to practice mindfulness throughout the day but i don't meditate. i also try prayer
lol tempy
so yea, I'm in a situation where my boyfriend has really internalized the TRP very quickly and I'm not keeping up with the pace. He has said that he will not put down his resources to guide me in my journey since I have been the typical horrible blue pill girlfriend (all this time I thought I was a piece of cake so to speak!). If he sees me progress enough, he'll then agree to captain me 
and we can begin the journey together. But this first stretch is all mine and at the moment I'm having some psychosomatic symptoms, fever and a bit of nausea, due to stressing this situation
why the fuck am i looking at pencils
my internet is slow and it took like 30 seconds to download
was expecting a girl
how old are you two?
ffffffffffffuuuu
what were your horirble blue pill qualities then?
the situation is the same kind that most of women probably have had, everything I read hear, understand and agree upon scream totally against what I've been taught
so angry rn
Do you have a rotring?
I'm 25
He's 23
let me think for a moment..
time to do squats
i need more coffee
i've been a triggered neurotic bitch for days
I'm quite masculine, when in group I like to take the lead. I am certainy NOT a feminist and have always dispised the movement. I have nagged at him (although again, I honestly thought I had not!) and made shit tests (this is an area I haven't had time to research yet)
but first and formost I have dumped my stress and bad feelings on him
Lol Jack4ss 
im actualyl angry
i cursed
oh he's Bluepill now
he's 23 and hardcore into TRP, you're 25, fix yourself up and find someone new
that's the only advice
we all curse from time to time
I have been told by my male friends that "Tups you're one of the guys" a few times and I've taken that in very proudly, thought it has made a better woman
i just lost a game of league of legends
i could kill a man
witzie, splitting up is the last thing I want this to result in
i think i understand wasssup
he's pretty easy going guy
not too macho
how long yall been together?
gets sex
well, that's the rpw advice
he is extremely mature for his age btw
whilst being fat
has all of his sexual fantasies satisfied
and i guess has women as friends too
so for him he doesnt relate to the rage in TRP?
im trying to analyze
dating for a bit more than a year, almost 8 months of that dating
Pretty much
*dating = in a relationship
League of legends is bad for you Jack4ss 
I used to rage like a mother fucker when I was playing on ladder
yeah, i just got some shitty palcement games and now im bronze 3
O I was plat 1
But there are so many retards there
It doesn't get better lol
silver 3 last weekend
yeah
BUT I WANT IT
Tups> so yea, I'm in a situation where my boyfriend has really internalized the TRP very quickly and I'm not keeping up with the pace
ok wait
are you going to marry this man and have babies?
what pace?
griddy: he likes to get hung on meathooks
theres no pace
im gna watch this film "the big short"
and chicks do it for him!
he's demoted her
If anything it is frustrating with the amount of feeding they could have fed whole fucking africa
next
the end
Yeah that doesn't make it normal
are you able to meet othe rmen?
WingN, yes I am
" If he sees me progress enough, he'll then agree to captain me "
she's a plate now 
drok im not calling him normal
that's demotion
I'm going to marry this man, I mean
now tell me why hes so high value
maybe she deserved it, but heres my advice
I'm not able to meet other men
im saying i get his anti TRPness
I agree tis fucking qeird
tha tyou should be aplate
he's happy
But it works
lol
oo
"he's 23 and hardcore into TRP, you're 25, fix yourself up and find someone new"
why not
wait
why ar eyou  unable to meet othe rmen
oh ok if she can't meet other men
bitches dont be causing him stress
Right but when non-normal people are Anti-TRP
11:01 AM <drok> griddy: he likes to get hung on meathooks
and he doesnt have to work out
because we don't want that
i do think the fact that he told her he is not going to be her captain is a red flag. you two should be a team 
What
no thats not what i mena
lol
roflol
That supports terp
i mean if you broke up
i see you post in nonmonogamy
drok whatevs!
little_red_, the goal here, as far as I see is that I have to step up in order for him to fully commit to me
do you have a one sided open relationship?
im just saying wassup carved himself a niche
fully commit to you?
and has his dick sucked
blowing: during sex he likes meathooks to be stabbed into him and suspended
gross
but who am i to judge!
are you two not exclusive?
WingN, we have had for like two to three months,
Wazzup does?
what makes this man worth this
tell me about him
"be stabbed into him" lol so dramatic
Well maybe not you, but normal people are going to judge
whats his job
little_red_, we regard captaining the full commitment
I would worry about infection
marriage is commitment
Tups you are literally a palte
anyhtign else isnt
blowing: so would i
dont fool yourself
to a man younger than you
who is infatuated with TRP
will he MARRY you
this relationship is over
And say the shit he says is wack
yes
That's a lot of prep
Just like it was in that unintelligible rant of his
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/DjHbd97p/IMG_9447.JPG
you know what's whack?
what "rappers" have become
WingN, he's a student just like I am, and is extremely intelligent and masculine. He makes me feel safe, supports me and my strenghts, makes me be a better person
the fact that Scott Disick is the manly looking one in the photo
says a lot
llooool
im disgusted
he snot even a grown up with a job
has he said hell marry you
this something u are quite passionate about griddy
we have talked about it, and starting a family, yes
#savetherappers
from the start, actually
We must!
What happned to MEthod Man???
it has been the goal, aside with having a great relationship 
Now girls are like "Tyga" is cute
ha
this is why i wanna get huge
Twitter is saying he looks like
i think if it werent for the fact taht you guyshave an open relationship and he said that he refuses to be your captain and take leadership i would more aggressively disagree with witz and wing but that just does not seem like a solid foundation for a relationship tups 
Timon from Lion King
people call me cute
im in tears
please explain why marriage is such a big deal?
well, imply it
i call Method Man cute
cuz he was
and had a regular man body
It's only a big deal if you want to get married
tyga looks like Russel Brand had an affair with a crackhead
Do you?
and out popped that string bean
it's a "whatever" to me
he looks like a lesbian
its the only true status of commitment
everything els eis word game
she can throw amway 10 yrs of your lif
elisten
listen to me
becaus eim old
you are 25
who here thinks men with SUPER tight skinny jeans actually look like women
hes 23
hell be 33
i were skinny fit jeans, but man
AtlasB: take a look at this post https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42xbzw/feminisms_role_in_the_global_power_strategy/czdxco9
and youll be 35
Frightening
33  for a man
is his PRIME
hes nothign now
a fetus
some guy looked likea  chick from the waist down the other day
I'm having s convo with trpers about conspiracy theories
it was so weird
he'll be 33 and he'll dump you and marry a 23 year old
Look at the last comment to me
you will be over the hill
but he's my everything now!
at his prime
an dhe WILL dump you
Jack4ss: ive always said that
"Lastly, it is a documented fact that Jews have been exiled from 84 different countries on 109 separate occasions throughout history. Is everyone "anti-Semitic?" Or maybe, just maybe, it's Jews who have always been the problem behind the cultural subversion of every nation that's ever accepted them as guests. Common sense tells me it's the latter."
and marry a 23 yr old
Oh well griddy, you tried it
an dyoull be 35
but not just skinny jeans
and alpha widowed
of cours ehe feel sthat way
You know how runners wear those long tights?
what if I'll be the best RPW there can be?
guess what
https://resources.shopstyle.com/sim/13/fe/13fec413aeed8416efdccb0cd0f37721/dr-denim-jeans-dixy-low-spray-on-extreme-super-skinny-dark-stone.jpg
listen
i saw a group of guys running
you cant RPW a man INTO anything
looks like a womans legs
and if i didnt see their top parts
yeah
thats not how it works
def looked like womens legs
i was unnerved
its so bizarre
Buy them Jack4ss
i wanna wear your jeans blowing
in my 20s
i lived with 3 different men
alomost married one
he's a man, he has the freedom to feel whatever he wants fully now and not worry about how he feels at 33 
they all were MY EVERYTHING
"sure babe I'll love you forever" - he says this honestly
until they werent
Jack4ss: if you're hot enough you could pull it off
im not big enoguh yet
i mean living in an urban east coast city
i see plenty of guys walking around in tights
and girlfriends
so there's a market
I also have a couple of relationships behind me that didn't work out and that is exactly why I want to keep this one going on. This one feels like it has the best potential I have ever seen, I've never communicated with anyone on this deep level. I fear to lose it
"@drok> Oh well griddy, you tried it"
why?
you a Tyga fan
No defending wazzup
the intersting thing is that he has almost everything figured out on his own before he was introduced to the TPR community and theories etc. I think this speaks for his maturity
lol oh
i have to defend the defenseless !
You don't defend the incels
he already cheats on you with other women right? 
i do!
and he doesn't even agree to "captain" you much less marry you
I don't see this ending well
it is not cheating
No griddy we burn em
It's a one sided open relationship?
I have not seen this
it would be if it was not an agreement and if I wouldn't know about it
I need some proof or evidence
Even though I hate Xem's whines, I'm all for his self improvment. 
Could you go out and get some strange? Or would he next you for that?
he feels that the nature of man is non-monogamous, although if with a good RPW that is not necessary
It's just tough to defend them
Because with Xem, you give him an inch.
lo_andbehold, I do not have the permission to do so, nor do I want to at the moment
He makes an excuse and thinks that's enough
so they require more touvh love
Look, I've been in your situation. With an older man, not a younger one
You don't win him over by waiting and hoping he'll see what a good woman you are
meh, one sided open relationships are usually cheating, If the deal is "I'll break up with you if I can't cheat" so she submits, that's cheating as far as I care
If Griddy and BeyondTheLight were to run a camp for incels, it would be auschwitz
lmaooo
omg no
firstly
I LOVE BOOT CAMPS
ive done them
Even if the women he's pulling are of lower value than you, it's still new and exciting for him
and they require equal parts fun and badassery
BeyondTheLight: yes he will run a death camp
And if they're higher value, I couldn't even imagine the stress of fearing losing him
they are of lower value as far as I know
and there's been just one
for now
Don't do this to yourself
hes not even a person yet
It'll drive you crazy
a student
you're okay with it for now
But for how long?
youre a mistress
hes markign time
Nah you are lumped in with him. You would sniff out the incels with your inquisition and they would be rounded up
it costs himnothing to make pormises to you
And when you decide that you're not okay with it, what then?
^
we arent Plate School for TRP
right
perhaps rounded up
it costs him nothing
you are going to throw your youth away
on promises
the crux of the matter
but when they arrive they will love it
but yeah they have to be identified 
That's what they told the jews too
its always liek sex iin the city
cant have them stinking up the normies
a most astute show
loll
remember mr big and carrie
right
for years
but my Final Solution is
then she demanded ocmitment
BOOT CAMP
he said no
not DEATHHHHHH
showed up a year later
I have already thrown my youth away with men nothing like him. I really feel like this is my big shot to become a better person and a better girlfriend with a man who supports this
with a young wife
Hahah
of the right class
You're still young!
now for all we know, you might be a real ball busting bitch.  But the advice is still to forget about this guy, fix yourself up, and find someone real
I will whip em in shape
youre 25
not fix yourself while getting strung along by this guy
this is sunk cost fallacy
I feel old as fuck
you barely know him
and those that pass will be released back to the normies
And then you can turn whatever is left of their hallow self into chad
the rest...
I know him better than anybody else
well
8 montsh to a year is nothing
no you dont
i cant save them all
i promis
ehes a total stranger
yes I do, I promise
you know his representative
The others we force to be bb
no you dotn
only he knows himself better
hmm good idea
Serving the female imperative
have you ever lived with a man for 10 yrs?
the rest who cant tough it
Worse than death
i promise you you do not know him AT all
he's quite introverted and does not have trusted friends. he has opened up to me a lot which I value
A deadbedroom.
lol
will be sentended too DEADBEDROOM
ok well you know everythign so
Ihhaha
to*
good luck
call me when youre 35
Bet their skinny asses they will tough it through
Do you not think it's weird that he doesn't have any trusted friends?
And we can male proper revenue out of it
no
Just take the trp userbase
Do you have any trusted friends? (Other than him, obviously.)
he likes to deal with his situations on his own
are you finish or something tups
Having friends isn't about not dealing with your own shit.
I can't figure out if I'm being trolled https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42xbzw/feminisms_role_in_the_global_power_strategy/czdy592?context=3
This is just too crazy
yes I have a two great groups of friends, although I did not feel comfortable about talking this with them
hey blowing
TRP formatting hurts my brain
Why not Tups? Do people who know your partner think it's a bad situation?
i cant help protopill 
witzie, yes I am Finnihs!
But in all seriousness griddy could do a good bootcamp
BeyondTheLight: i know i could
Morning
She turned her dweeb into chad
i believe in myself
they don't actullally KNOW him, he's seen them once or twice
I probably could even use pointers from her
BeyondTheLight: he's gone hipster now
RIP!
Fuck
Lol
So they do think it's a bad situation then?
he was never a suit guy
he was fighting it 
Poor fellow
lol but hipster still looks decent on him
at least he's still doing his hair
Doomed to mediocreness
but now he's wearing Yeezus Fashions
no, I think they would regard "giving power" to a man a bad situation
smhhhh
Jahahahah
not HC feminists though
brooklyn has taken over his life
i think deferring to a man who doesn't commit to you
is universally a bad idea
This how a mother feels when her son goes bad
he could have walked away
My baby!!!!
Why would he, he can do whatever he wants
now when I'm having this problem of accepting the red pill
no
you arent having that problem
at all
because at the moment he does not gain anything from the relationship
youre trying to accept the red pill for men
and the male imperative
withotu regard to you
and youre life and youre need
sthats not what RPW is
we arent plate school
lol god bless
you are giving him everythign
with nothing in return
I too think that's the problem here, I don't think this via me. but honestly, breaking up with him is not an option at least for now
why ar eyou submitting to a man who isnt yours
WingN, he has given me everything
no he ha sNOt
in the past he has
he ha sNOT given you commitmnment
Commitment is the FIRST step to everything!
you ar enothign
youre a mistress
a courtesan
youre nothing
he has given you nothing
except some cuddles and good feels
so you're stuck
despite the fact that he's a complete non-option of a partner
youre full of chemicals in your brain
he's pushed me to develop myself enormously this year, to benefit me, not necessarily him
so what
That doesn't mean you should be with him
big fuckign deal
oomg
Your parents and teachers and friends do the same thing
that will be great when youre alone at 35
but I want to be with him
this MERP has lost it https://np.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/42thd7/edging_the_main_event/
he went too MERP for the MERPs
than know this will always be the situaltion
hes not going to become faithful
why should he?
youll tak eit
protopill: you must offer him guidance
is he a billionaire?
you should never go full merp
Griddy I'm currently stuck
the idea that hell stop seeing othe rwomen on the side
know that he know she can
is ludicrous
The trpers are discussing how the Jews
Control the world
hes promising you things
he doesn thave to liv eup to
he's studying business so good income is going to come
And how a small cabal
Of globalist elites
or not
Are operating shadow governments
I do not understand why money is such a big issue
hes all potential
ahh
I'm going to have a career of my own
ok
And created the blue pill to harness feminist power
you know what
listen
youre great
Illuminati enthusiasts 
your relationship is pefect
So yeah...I'm stuck but I'll get there soon
hell be with you forever
lol ok
why thanks!
your situation is fine
no problems
awesome
I tried being rational but that's not working
hes going to commit to you
Apparently we need to gas all Jews so
conspiracy theorists... can't logic them
just hang in there
rational?
they're convinced
They just cited
why aren't you using your feelings to think protopill?
As evidence of w worldwide shadow conspiracy theory
Why did you come here?
Two count em two
YouTube vides
what plates always end up doing is winging for their man to get him women so that he doesn't have to go to the trouble
Not being an ass, just curious because I was late to the game
That's supposed to compel me apparently
you should do that to prove your worth
because I wanted help on how to better myself as a girlfriend, not on how to break up with him
Step one: have self respect
loooool
Next?
and then start telling everyone that you prefer it that way
I wanted to hear if you people had some issues when hearing about TPR theories the first time
This conspiracy theory is apparently run by demigods
Who are omnipotent
And infallible
I just can't do this
Sorry to interrupt the Rent a Hoe 
Trp is supposed to be about skepticism
I actually did not want the focus to be the relationship, more on the "process"
TEMPY!
Issues? What those men do isn't our issue. Would be fit ourselves into the male perspective of RP? For most us, no.
Hi! :0)
hi phant!
No its not lok
Its userbase is full of weirdos
honestly
You don't have a RPW relationship, how can you expect us to help you with that??
you lasted more than me
we don't have issues because we don't let men like your boyfriend take advantage of us Tups 
r/trp is supposed about skepticism protopill? have you actually read any posts latelz?
Jury is still out on the Jews for me
when ppl start sending me Youtube videos about theories i mentally check out
don't or didn't
Lol drok
DON'T
Didn't
don't and didn't?
Wouldn't
I do think the Zionists hold a lot of power
Payton, I am trying to solve if I want to be in a RPW relationship
Sure but as I tried to describe to them
There's a key critical distinction
witzie, don't have issues or didn't have issues
Like Israel having protection from the USA etc
Between intent
And human instinct
it was all easy breazy to accept RP womanhood?
A lot of things like hypergamy happen subconsciously
why would i give 100% to a man who was giving someone else a %
That's fine I accept that
But there's no shadow overlord demigods
That have the knowledge and intent to carry out millennial long plans without anyone's knowledge
I thin the problem is I don't care about the Jews enough
israel is a strategic ally
Tups: we don't have issues because we don't give 100% to a man like your boyfriend 
and full of AMERCIANS
we use RPW to find someone legit
doesnt that make sense?
Right
Tempy, because I love him and he loves me and we want to make the best relationship for both of us. At the moment his "out of relationship adventures" do not bother me
American jews though
israle is one of the most advanced wesern cos in the world
I care about the Jews less then the gays, and I don't care about the gays that much
:/
witzie, actually that's my problem
What will you do if they start to?
when you get an MRI
they send it to israle
to be read
I don't have things where I could really devote my time to
hobbies or interests or so
wat, my MRI's get sent to the jews?
jews and the west will always be intimately tied
it's very difficult to get that interested on something
jews are a western phenomenon
to make it last
shaped by european histrory
Yes they are scanning your brain RedManBearPig
They know us all
They are coming.
Fuck
I am fucked
lol
Tups I'm really sorry but you sound like the stereotype people think of when they think of "those poor brainwashed RPW"
what ppl perceive of as "jews"
You deserve to have a sense of self
is the visible jews who joined the cryptocalvinist transnational elite
You need to find that, whether it's with this guy or not
and take credit for it
Did you see my discussion above AtlasB
ive said this for years
The quote?
ah TRP has crossed the Jewbicon
excellent lol
I know
Yes they want to gas you all pretty much
I'm trying to explain how skepticism works
But alas
youre not in an RPW relationship
The original red pill was Jews
I know this wholeheartedly and it's difficult as fuck, I don't know where to start
Atheists who don't believe in God believe in conspiracy theories
Funny as shit
you know, having a sense of self
Before it was manosphere
"Down with faith!"
It was jew stuff
God is dead drok
Eh
"Down with faith!"
Tups you're lying to yourself and finding ways to spend your time won't make you any less of a plate
what do you look like? 
God is dead protopill*
this is not an rpw relationsip
are you attractive?
and belief in DemiGods from Xanadu
Lol
did you read the sub at all?
my esteem has in the past been pretty good (I valued myself as a high value lady) but after my most recent breakup a year and a half ago it dropped drastically
There's nothing anyone can do to help you\
The ardent bravetheism is making me laugh
The hypocrisy
maybe fleetingwish has some advice
witzie, I am attractive yes and I do work out regularly to keep it that way. I don't use makeup often though
yeah i agree
WingN, I did, almost everything that was in the FAQ thread
it's a bit eye roll inducing
but alas
humans!
you're an attractive 25 year old, you're the perfect age to get a 35 year old who's just dumped his 35 year old gf of 15 years 
One religion for the other lol
If you did how can you still be this clueless?
you want to be the young wife, not the dumped girlfriend
savvy?
But they are enlightened protopill 
Tups have you gone to counseling? Not for your relationship but for yourself. Breakups can be hard, obviously, and they can distort your sense of self. Have you invested time in building yourself back up?
Dont you get it?
I think I'm going to spread a new religion
CAn somebody tell me how to become the next jezus?
Oh my fuck
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42xbzw/feminisms_role_in_the_global_power_strategy/czdz51d?context=3
Are you kidding me?
"How much do you know about the Rothschilds?"
Oh lord
A lot of people expect the pieces to just fall into place sometimes, and that's not how it goes unfortunately. And when someone feels like that, it's possible that they might take the wrong piece and jam it into the hole just to fill the space, even though it's not right
Jesus
Yes the rothschilds are global elitists omnipotent demigods
Because finding the right piece is hard, and it takes work, and it sucks to be incomplete in the meantime
My IQ is falling
Too late you are already in white collar zone protopill
Payton, not "real" one but I did see a mental nurse six times around last christmas
And I'm sorry for this long cheesy analogy but you're selling yourself short of a more beautiful picture
protopill: stop lol
why are you even debating that
I think I should have continued to therapy though
To see how far they'd go really
Out of curiosity
ahhh
okay
lolol fair enough
http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/01/teen-fined-for-using-pepper-spray-on-rapist.html?mid=twitter_nymag
haha
you sound like you are okay with him having other women
TRP should rejoice over this
but this doesn't
Tups> and we can begin the journey together. But this first stretch is all mine and at the moment I'm having some psychosomatic symptoms, fever and a bit of nausea, due to stressing this situation
some dude tackles teen girl to the ground
unzips her pants
she pepper sprays him
she's fined
see! 
now though you sound happy as a lark being top plate
Lol!!
see what?
There has to be more to the story
there is
pepper spray is illegal in that town i guess
The story is that his ethnicity was hidden
meaning
the rapist was a refugee
Well
Danish
Was he a Muslim?
Are the Muslims there yet?
Oh
Denmark?
yes
youre not doing an rpw process
RedManBearPig++
they didnt state his race
you beat me to it
do they usually do that in Denmark?
we arent going to help you be a plate
"white male"
I'm having hard time accepting that what he says to me is a lie or a manipulation. The way he sees it is that he does not give his resources to any other person than me, only the no-strings-attached D
or do they assume everyone is white
maybe he is a refugee
youre givign a man who wont commit to you the treatment reserved for men who do
denmark is multi-culti shit
rpw isn't r/polyamory where 90% of your energy is spent "processing" away the emotional torture of a partner who cheats on you and doesn't commit
he may believe it
so 10% chance he was actually white
he may believe everything he says
but we ar eold married women
who have seen 100000 of you
"The teenager told police that she was attacked in central Snderborg on Wednesday at around 10pm by a dark-skinned English-speaking man. "
there you go
an dhow you end up
likely not white
we arent filled with oxytocin
http://www.thelocal.dk/20160126/danish-teen-fought-off-her-attacker-with-pepper-spray-now-shell-face-fine
and dont have to rely on him
"likely"
youre a cliche
ive seen you 1000X
that's a 100% he isn't white
he could be swarthy! 
Haha
Do you on ocassion confuse your white friends with your black friends griddy?
only on occasion
Tups it's never easy to think someone you care about might be manipulating you. That's how it's done so easily by those sorts of people.
but thats because america calls everyone with a hint of african blood
"black"
so
that no-strings-attached D is going to get attached
Griddy is colorblind
ethnosblind
everyone starts looking the same
hes keeping you around whil ehe sees if he can do better
one day he will
can't see race
he is stepping out because you aren't what he ultimately wants
hell graduate
have a career
yep WingN 
be around young women
and oops!
but a germanic white person is easy to spot
buh by eol dfaithful
RedManBearPig: looks pretty mocro to me
he will find someone who IS what he wants
Hahahaha
young women he has free reign to bone, with no guilt WingN !
He only needs to steal my bike
he has th eluxury of time
(Dont do it you fuck)
he definitely won't start boning one of these young women and just swap it into a full blown relationship
who he'll marry and father children with
Or he'll eventually realize that if he DOESN'T want to settle down with any of his other plates, he doesn't need to bother giving his resources to any of them either.
I've stolen stuff before but only small things
http://www.thelocal.dk/20160113/danish-women-report-refugee-harassment
And you'll be off the wagon.
dammit
Hahahahahahaha
a bike is too big too carry in my stomach
No its that I still need my bike haha
After thursday that shit can be stolen
We must say that a large number of the male guests who come from the local asylum centre have a very hard time respecting the opposite sex. In my eyes, it is harassment when one or more men continue to touch a young woman after she has said stop, Glenn Hollender from the Snderborg club Den Flyvende Hollnder told TV Syd. 
^
The refugees are too alpha for Denmark. 
Btw what was hilarious is that someone stole my bike last year was it? Or the year before that. Anyway he actually did me a favor that shit was almost broken down
he snot even a person yet
Too aggressive on the dancefloor at the clubs
man isnt even a human til 28
at the lowest
From what it sounds like, he's getting everything he wants- a girlfriend, freedom to sleep around, no real strings. What you're getting is further from your sense of who you are, a partner who doesn't even care to officially meet your close friends, and a pie in the sky dream that aaaaall of that will change some day.
"Nightclubs in the southern Jutland towns of Snderborg and Haderslev have also reported that some asylum seekers harass female guests. "
Haha
Well how did it feel to lose that argument in the face of red pill truths griddy ?
absolutely this payton
he has the ideal situation
right
a owman committed to him who he is ultimatiuming to become a rpw for him when he wants
then his sidechick
i didnt lose
with no worries at all becuase its all out in the open
i acquiesced 
i never lose
im a woman
Lool
Too bad, everybody loses at life at some point
When you die
Not I!
jk 
Tups ifyoure fine with this situation thats all well and good but its not a RPW issue
Wait till you are 30 griddy 
all my life ive had to fight
and cry
Then you lose 
but i arise triumphant!
If this were what we see as a healthy RPW relationship you would be receiving much different advice here. Don't let him convince you otherwise.
#trptroofs
If you're going to be the next immortal I am going to off myself griddy
BeyondTheLight: im not worried about becoming less attractive at 30
That's how you've become RP griddy
however the eggs thing is worrisome
You're not having trouble accepting RPW theory- that's not at all what this situation is about.
Yeah we all know that I will be the next immortal
but the becoming ugly thing
yeah nah
It's funny, I bet he had the solipsistic idea that RPW is 100% team man imperative, he could send tups here and we'd tell her all about how to better sacrifice herself for nothing in return
Sometimes you try and save face by doing things like defending wazzup
push those babies out now griddy!
yup
he porbably never read a pixel of it
and thought it was plate school
plate academy
literally
I meant both griddy haha.
But we all know no one knows what he is talking about, not even you
drok fair i didnt understand his comment at all
To be honest drok
drok++
but i upvoted it
drok is on a roll
on GP
I was afraid that I was the only one
#TEAMBLOOP
we actually read RPW together today
Tups are you fine with your current relation set up now and forever?
I was like wtf are you talking about
but yeah, I hear you and I'm going to think on this
like he will forever have a side chick or 2 or 15
is that ok?
Hahaha
little_red_, no, things need to change. If I want him to really captain me, things are going to have to be monogamous
hes not going to do that
just told me today that he was
When?
And do you trust him to do that/
yes I do
he's never done anything to doubt his word
when.. that I do not know
What will you do if he doesn't?
10:52 AM <Tups> but yeah, I hear you and I'm going to think on this
doesn't what? agree to monogamy?
I'm glad tups
it'll take a while to sink in
:)
it will
but really 
men don't just go back to being monogamous
when they know it's not a dealbreaker
even just one threesome
a man interprets as free reign to cheat forever
Exactly.  
And he night be an introvert and socially awkward NOW, but with trp he's working on changing that. Upping his game. And you're holding his hand, helping him to be a player
you can't give an inch
he'll take a mile and just keep running
tups he already knows youre tolerating/accepting him having another woman
why did you agree to this in the first place
"By failing to acknowledge the Jew as the Architect, they will never understand how the Matrix really works."
Okay I'm being trolled.
100%
Hahahahahahaha
Since you guys are so open about red pill, and reading rpw together, why don't you copy and paste this whole conversation to him?
because he explained that it is a part of his sexuality, his libido was suffering from a monogamous arrangement
:/
hes right
it will always suffer
thats why hes not husband material
and when he has seen the other lady, the libido indeed is a lot better
Do you care more about his libido than yourself?
10:57 AM <@WingN> thats why hes not husband material
hes absolutely right
ding ding ding
his libido does great things to me :D
:/
All men can do great things to you
and at 28 tups
throw your life away for tingles if you like 
But some actually deserve to more than others
and 31
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3364503/Mother-46-posed-naked-pictures-boy-14-sex-against-bath-cleared-abusing-him.html
omg
and you think because you become the perfect RPW his libido will change ?
have kids with a man because he turns you on
this was on PussyPass seddit
what could go wrong?
here's my thing
this si why women were never allowed to choose their own mates
in a nutshell
little_red_, that's what he actually suggested would happen
WingN++
MRAs have to stop expecting equal charges for instances of teenage boy/female woman stautory rape
He's lying to you Tups
Because his version of RPW are subservient yes men
this kid fucked this woman against a bath
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/01/what-is-best-system-for-finding-and.html
He wants to have his cake and eat it too, and now he'
s asking you to top it with ice cream
he may not even be lying 
i understand he said that tups but how does that make sense to you
the judge reading that is thinking "well if he can fuck her agaisnt a wall, he wanted it"
he may believe it
that's just how humans work
that and 25c wont get you a cup of coffee
hes not even a grown up
in most cases when the 15 year old boy fucks his teacher
you think he understands who hell be at 28?
he seduced his teacher and fucked her
little_red_, I figure that if we can give each other more what we really need, that's what changes it
nah
im not saying it's right!
why should he change
Men don't change
That's another tenent of RPW
youve established youll accept nonmonogamy
im just saying a male judge is going to look at that
and high five the kid
you think if youre more pleasant hes going to want to not sleep with other women?
You don't get to expect him to change, ever, at alll.
and not care about the woman
hes not seeking other women becaus eyou arent a good enoguh gf
just saying
is he sleeping with other women because he doesnt like you or because of his libido?
because those are 2 different things
I call nonsense on him seducing his teacher
really?
when i was in HS
libido
jesus christ
the sophomores i knew
waht the fuck
were fucking 25 year old women
and because I haven't given him what he needs in regards of behavior
I guess?
i can fully believe a 15 year old kid
can fuck a woman
and pursue her
or want to
I fully believe that too
ok so how is you changing your behavior goign to change his libido
and yes the kid deserves a high five
In 8th grade a teacher at my school got fired for having sex with a student
We all high fived him though
Are the other women?
lmao drok 
He didn't care
as you should
exactly
i dont think it affects boys
Doing behaviourally what he wants
they pursue it
She was hot
dream of it
it's a fantasy realized
affects boys as much*
No way griddy
no no
We had a male gym teacher who had a thing for his students. He even kissed one of the girls
they're just some hookups
She probably held his grades hostage
no amount of submisison will help they
or that one gal
why should you submit
to a man thats not yours
it doesnt make sense
I totally agree with that griddy
he woul dbe your bf if you started banging other guys
I want to trust that he will be
I mean
then youre a fool
I watch that cheesy ass show
the problem is
Pretty Little Liars
for trusting my SO
youre a giant fool
for 5 years
?
that the narratvie that all guys want it
lol
but I think we shouldn't underestimate how the teacher fully committed to it as well 
From his perspective, RPW suck dick on command, let their partner do whatever they want because they're the MAN, and have dinner on the table at 6pm. Of course he wants you to be more like that. That's why he sent you here. But he has a fundamental misunderstanding of HIS role in a RPW relationship, and he's passing that misunderstanding on to you.
I hooked up with my TA once in college
the plot for one of the girls
hes not your so
hurts the ones that dont more
hes nothign to you
was that sh was fucking her teacher
8 months
But she wasn't that much older than me
and bangs other womne
and there were ZERO consequencs
cause they dont get taken seriously
hes less than nothign
the show treated it normally
TA?
youre trusting an unfaithful stranger
it was strangely refreshing
RedManBearPig: nah her teacher
though
^
Teachers assistant
he was like 25
she was a sophomore
Upper classman
on the show the actors are the same age
Or grad students
so it looked normal
you are just keeping his dick warm until he meets the right woman
and he had he arrogance to assume he could send you to RPW and we'd be complicit
hahahha
Payton, he feels like he has given me so much resources that for a moment he just needs to "observe", a bit like in a thread "about to loose a good man"
dumb
what incentive fdoes he have to commit to you
explain
why should he
<RedManBearPig> We had a male gym teacher who had a thing for his students. He even kissed one of the girls
Hahahhahaha
also on the show
would you break up with him at 28
What resources ? He's in college
all of the girls were in HS
if he doesnt stop?
Mine gave random sensual massages
His time? He's a 23 yr old man
 I guess I don't understand what he means Tups. He feels like he's given you resources so he has to observe what? RPW?
and dating like grown men
yeh what resources
the doctor
Time is cheap
the cop
it was so odd
Emotional talk is cheap
damn ABC Family
he can give you 15 yrs
The dude never got caught somehow
an dmarry a 23 yr old
Even cycled with his students to their houses
Unless he gave you a million bucks he's given you nothing
that's prob why they changed their name to "FreeForm"
but we all knew who would go ham on that underage pussy
whenyoure all used up
Like he was a walking redflag
Well, almost underage in some cases
he can use up 3 of you
and marry at 40
haha
Payton, if I give anything back for him. at the moment he feels that he isn't getting anything out of the relationship
and you were all just mistresses
someone made a list
http://www.marieclaire.com/culture/a10333/pretty-little-liars-inappropriate-relationships/
tups do you live together?
no we dont'
lolol
how often do you see eachother
in a same city though
but you know him right
whathas he given you
little_red_, 3-6 times a week, sometimes we hang out a longer time, sometimes just hit the gym
so what resources Tups 
WingN, he's been my dump place when I stress about for example my thesis or my unemployment or some drama in my friend group
you kept saying resources
you gotta remember though, these relationships can be abusive and unhealthy. Like a friennd of a friend got blackmailed into fucking one of his high school teachers
so sometimes you only see him 3x a week, you dont live together and hes sleeping with other women
time is NOTHING to a 23 yr old man
thats giving you soimething?
literally nothing
that's not resources
a chatbot can give you that
has calmed me and made me feel better about it
he's 23 
and he was seriously harmed by the whole ordeal
i can do that
yep
come pm me
ill do it
he can spend all his time jerking off and smoking weed
lol
that can happen
has enormously developed me in my sexuality
he has given you literally nothing
ok, he's fucked you
lol
i know what you want to hear tups, i do
RedManBearPig: i agree
guess you should kill yourself over him
im not for them
what does develop me in my sexuality mean?
it means he fucked her
they can easily become damaging
obviously you dont want to hear that this whole thing is not working
if you were ok with your situation i would say fine deal
keep doubting alpha widows exist TBP
but you dont even like him sleeping w other women
but youre accepting it
witzie, .... he's actually opened me up sexually, I was quite uptight before
wow
thinking that if you cook and clean more he will commit to you
no shit Tups 
thats relaly giving you something
he's gotten you to let him cheat
woowwwww
I think I regognize my own sexuality now much, much better before meeting him
hell keep pushing your boundaries
*+than
so much less uptight!
wait til he bring sone home
and youre licking her pussy
lol
omg wing
lol
hah
hell open your sexuality even more!!
Tups we learn from each relationship we're in. But we can't take those lessons we've learned as reasons to stay with someone.
then hell bring home guys to bang you
while he jerks off
tups we cant MAKE you do anything, its your life
what a gift
but this is the advice we can give you
the gift of opensexuality
youre not his girlfirend, youre his advanced plate
plates always end up picking women up for their men
hes not givign you the only thing that matters
It's great that you feel he's provided you with new experiences and lessons in life but that's what any relationship should do- a friendship, boyfriend, etc. It's NOT enough to warrant him asking you to give more.
right
By saying he seduced his teacher you are minimizing the agency she had in the events
and then they decide that they prefer it that way
you kept saying resources when it's obvious he's given you absolutely nothing
yeah
he's only taken
he's taken your time which is extremely valuable
and he's messed up your sexuality
man we have a live one in rpw
female teachers in these cases need to get the same sorts of punishments male teachers would
"it would be so boring if he was only fucking me!!!"
damaged you
youre missing it griddy
oh 
alpha widowed you
that's what you've gotten from him
just rejoined lol
live what?
I feel like he has given a lot, I'm a better person now compared to before meeting him, I think that subjective feeling can't be taken away by his age for example
sounds like he has taken your self respect too if you are consenting to this shit. 
tups you can learn a lot from a one night stand too
or just from having friends
or mr.rofgers
haven't ever this much
never
ok thats great
but that doesnt make a boyfriend
lol
the girl is a lost cause
but bless them for still trying
what is she doing?
come on sunhappy dish the dirt for us
8 months deep into her "relationship" as a plate to a newb TRP 23 year old
oh :(
that sucks
abort
wants advice on how to handle him fucking other bitches which is stressing her out a lot
you can have a guy with no strings attached that you sleep with 3x a week and after sex you sit there and talk about string theory and life and love and you can learn a lot from those talks and he can comfort you if youre stressed
she must leave
ABORT
while "accepting" it 
but that doesnt make him your boyfriend
only way
noooo
during which she'll improve on herself and become the proper rpw 
he wants
Lol what is her nickname Sunhappy 
she cant she is wasting the best of herself on him
poor girl
just my personal summary
She sounds like someone who used to come here
she seems really attached to this guy. i feel bad for her
i think she was already alpha widowed before this dude
and thus wants to not have another failed relationship under her belt
man oh man oh man
why do people do this to themselves
run lady run
the ladies are really going at her, kind but firm as usual, but i don't think it's gonna stick
what are yall up to?
Learning about yourself is a part of life, and it somes in both big and small lessons. Where those lessons come from doesn't matter as much as what you get out of them, so don't put more stock in the source of these lessons than he's worth.
if you dont treat yourself better no one will
I am procrastinatig
Studying
The next lesson you're going to learn will be how to take experiences at face value, and move on to the next experience.
I have to cut adventures for my LARP 
and I dont want to
I am just sitting here, lifting
One more test and yolo parties and shit
my classes started this week as well
https://www.reddit.com/r/nonmonogamy/comments/42knqr/my_privilege_as_a_man/
nice BTL
he seems very arrogant about it
have you even read theredpill Tups 
do you see how they talk about the women they string along and use up?
just briefly witzie
that's what your boyfriend loves to read about and idolize
wow
that's what he's doing to you
I thought you didn't drink and didn't do drugs BTL?
It made me distressed but then I figured out that if there are actually women who are "along" with this, there ought to be a subreddit for that as well and that's how I found you guys
We're RPW though
NOT RP men
And we have entirely different expectations of ourselves than RP men have of women
Like, damn near polar opposite
"Corrupting the innocent should not be of your concern. It is not your job to make sure that their decisions are good, it is your job to make the right decisions for you, and it is their job to make the right decisions for them. You make your decisions, they make theirs. Give less fucks about it "
Don't let the fact that we're both "red pill" subs confuse you into thinking we have the same end goal.
this is NOT a subreddit for being "along" with that
rpw isn't along for that
I understand it a bit better now than a couple of days agou
You should absolutely be distressed by what he's asking of you
*ago
Well I'm glad he mistakenly guided you to us, Tups!
So BPers literally don't understand what debate or logic is
TRP is interested in exactly what your man has
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/42stp9/why_am_i_subscribed_to_ppd/
he gets to sleep with multiple women
I'm sure your boyfriend thought wrong about RPW too Tups 
a blessing in disguise Payton 
otherwise he wouldn't have tol dyou about it
lol
The comments are ridiculous.
RPW is interested in getting a great captain within a monogomous relationship
he's actually read quite a bit from RPW too
RPW doesnt seek out TRP users for a relationship
more than from TRP?
not sure
Apparently not as much as he'd have you think
idk what it matters that he checked out RPW if his ideals and now your ideas of it are clearly wrong
*ideas
also
can't we just push the majority of BP into chambers
why has that person just not unsubscribed
and put blue stars on them before we do it
freaking drama llama
whaaa
ppd sucks
Because we are products of this modern civilization, we have decided that the principles of equality should take place in our relationship too. Therefore, she is also permitted to have sex other ladies. However, as it happens, she is a heterosexual female and therefore such an encounter would be a very unlikely one. Other men - of course - are out of the
question.
why do I go there
 "I figured out that if there are actually women who are "along" with this"
cause someone put a gun to my head?
no
I jsut do so I can whine about stuff
no, we are NOT "along" with this
because we believe in equality, she is ALSO allowed to bang other WOMEN
but shes straight!
tups he hasnt read a post in  rpw
if he thinks
wed react any different
WingN: Damn. I never thought of it like that before but you're so right.
see thats very egalitarian
its actually the argument gay marriage opoenets use thats dumbest
gay ppl are allowed to marry the opposite sex too!
equal!
yeah, that's actually not from any discussion between us, he has never given that argument to me
he did in that post
I know
so he's a liar
I was surprised by it also
his writing is fvery low level
a posturing, arrogant liar
he spelled out EXACTLY what you mean to him
which is zilch
is he black or hispanic?
"the offspring she potentially lays"
are you going to birth an egg?
doesnt seem either of you actually read the purpose of the subs you look to for advice
he shoul dhave  known ethical nonmonogamy would respond that way
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/GxTjLMQM/
Tups the good thing is that when you get out of this situation, RPW can absolutely help you find the kind of person who will give you new learning and growing experiences, but is also a willing and able leader and the kind of man who will respect you and appreciate you. You're in the right place at the right time, I hope you know that.
And like we mentioned before, that starts with you, but you will get there and you will be amazed.
she is already an alpha widow 
is he fioreign?
WingN, he's not that experienced redditor so my guess was that that's why he really did not see that coming
foreign*
she most likely is already ruined for other men
whats wrogn with his writing
is he ethnic finish tups?
I'm curious
lol she said in typonese
witzie, no
black?
hes not foreign?
a normal Finnish caucasian
ar eyou in finland?
yeah
i may have missed that
yes she is WingN 
ah ok
ma faute
what mental illness
makes BP
persistently read stuff that bothers them
i dont understand
so you mention your "stalemate situation"
it's that it exists
at all
that bothers them
there doesn't seem to be a stalemate here
they want to be able to go to any venue and not be offended
that's all what online sj activism is about
EVERYWHERE should be safe
he does whatever he wants and you put up with it
thats not a stalemate
yeah thats it
they deliberately subject themselves to it
i dont read r/communism
like the whole world needs to be a safe space
thats him having his cake and eating it too and you looking on from the sidelines
that was the stalemate, I did want to go out and wander too, but he was not happy with it and I was not happy with him not letting me. we actually have moved past this issue for now since we feel that it is not the relevant thing to discuss if we want to salvage our relationship
that's exactly it
which is crazy cause who gets priority
you dont have a relationship
youre a plate
^^
hes experiementing on
wait what
you wanted to searching for other men
you are keeping his dick warm until he meets his future wife/mother of his kids
while in your relationship?
little_red_, mainly because I thought the situation was unequal
Tups TRP literally advises men on how to do this 
experiment on women, get them to love you, use them up
so you wanted to do it out of spite?
because she didn't want him to cheat on her, duh
little_red_, I felt I was missing out on something
yeah
a solid relationship
witha  good ma
man
That's the bottom line
"You can't use reason and logic to win an argument against evil."
We're EVIL
I dunno about all terps
but you are definitely evil Lonny
I have seen pictures of your lair
eh, i feel like RP is more in line with cultures than feminism is by miles
and most people naturally think that way
even if they don't know the terms/lingo stuff
see I don't

see Lonny I knew it
he writes how a not so intelligent person thinks an intelligent person writes
foreign
Lol I love when BP is outraged about mainstream culture being RP
Lol
AtlasB: you have individualist solipsism, collectivists need everywhere to be a safe space
nop
i get that
but why do they LOOK
Lol
that doesnt explain that to me
the size of the voiced members names makes a triangle 
this bothers me
it explian why they want to change or get rid of it
"tapping to the reptilian part of my brains"
lol witz
because the other sections aren't organized
We are not reptilian...
I think you guys should de op witzie
They look because they feel entitled to it
Micromanaging
yep
To make the pyramid complete
don't sperg out too much witzie
we must make everywhere safe
down with freedom of speehc
They view harming themselves by looking as a positive
"Outrage porn" feels good AtlasB
yeah
I read r/islam
"Possession in some ways, perhaps. Insecurity and fear of loss, not so much.". He doesn't fear losing you
I have some old saved links where they say this explicitly
why should he
shell never leav ehim
It's like the burnout a social worker would get
harming yourself is a positive thing?
this is news to me
it's a form of suffering
she can't leave him
But they view it as good
to help others
Hold on let me see if I can find it
"i didn't want to look but i did it for YOU"
martyr syndrome
plates are AWed while they are still with the guy
"to save you the trouble of knowing just how bad it is"
they aren't helping anyone. Thales is the perfect example of this, may he rot in his virginity
"and now, together, united as womyn, we can call end this!"
"if my being on ppd can help one poor lost terper then all this suffering will be worth it"
I honestly believe that BP has a lot of men too
yeh
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42xlnr/dont_be_so_afraid_of_us/cze20pa    lol
yeah
most of my guy friends are BP
except the black ones
I meant as in subscribed to BP
what would it take for you to break up with him Tups  
that banal guy
oh
how long will you keep wasting time 
do you at least have a limit?
docilebanalbovine or something
he is aguy
on BP
but its easy for him to be BP
she is "having some psychosomatic symptoms, fever and a bit of nausea, due to stressing this situation"
he is a blonde good looking mormon guy
why?
oh life on easy mode
his church is propping him in his position as head of the household
bah
his wife is gonna defer
cause mormon
Lol
tis true
She still needs to stew. She's  just realizing all the bullshit
lol WingN 
Give her a couple of days
incredible
i just hope you don't have a meltdown via physical stress, tups
I cheated at a mouth exam
it's really not worth it over this guy
huh
a mouth exam
like at a dentist?
plus if you stress so much that clumps of your hair fall out
how do you cheat
Especially since you're not cohabitating, have a kid, etc. You've actually got it as good as it's going to get right now.
wear someone else's false teeth?
then he probably will be stepping out a bit more
lol tempy
docilebanalbovine is mormon too, susandeath 
oh wait, nm you knew already
yeah fiat thats what I sais
heheh
it's been known to happen!
Happened to me!
maybe I should become mormon
I had to get 20 cortisone shots in my scalp once a month for three months
It was horrible
even though we don't have a mormon church
in the Netherlands
and then he'll go "ick!" and go find a girl at the bar
Stress does crazy things to your body, that's for sure.
I am sure you do have a mormon chiurch tehre
true
but you dont want to
And Emily Charland is a Catholic
sex if you are not married is like nearly as bad as murder to a mormon
shit! i just saw a mouse run out of my office!
But those people are also weird
Sorry susandeath Mormons are weird
good thing i'm wearing knee-high boots
they are
very
stupid mice
dont be a mormon
Tups  in an ideal world you would like to have this guy become your husband and have a perfect RPW relationship
I advise everyone
but thats not the case 
susandeath oral exam
oooh
lol
how did you cheat?
BP is like the island of misfit toys or something
oh we have mormons here
wtf
"I get a sadistic pleasure from fucking girls who are already taken. Kinda makes me feel powerful knowing that one man's princess is my cock-sucking slut" (https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42wxru/how_do_you_feel_about_women/czdsqum)
they get everywhere RMBP
like even in Qatar
176 countries, jezus
the mormons cant proselytise there
Even the nonmonagamy community thinks his attitude is shit. THAT should say alot
Drok++
but they can have church their in a house on fridays
mormons are like roaches
that seems like a normal attitude
Wtf
9:48 AM <susandeath> sex if you are not married is like nearly as bad as murder to a mormon
yep protopill
I realised that I was talking to a mormon every sunday RedManBearPig 
first we had a small course that covered everything, I went 2 times. Then when I didn't know something I said a list of stuff, the first one was blatantly wrong, then some correct stuff, then I corrected the wrong stuff, like "Name the numbers from 1-6" "9 2 3 5 6 oh not 9 I meant 1" and he didn't even realize that I forgot 4
Most of Mormons I knew were the biggest sluts and studs at school
What really?
But he was nice so I never closed the door on him 
still what the church teaches protopill
I saw that they have a church in the hague
I mean just raucous partiers
Yeah we actually had a weekly talk at some point lol
Talking about religion and what not
Absolute disgusting level shit
how old was the dude?
There's one girl I recall
well done DavidHasselhof
Like in his 40s
That did a bj line essentially
She was like 15
sheesh
not me
We even talked about his children at some point
In my sophomore year
That's the second time I pulled that off
I just had epic level guilt
yeah
9:51 AM <susandeath> still what the church teaches protopill
Oh I know
He was a nice dude I was this close to inviting him home to drink some tea with me lol
I'm just saying most of the people I knew that were Mormon were nuts
I waited until I was 24 to have sex
In high school
and even then
I felt guilty unless I was drunk
DavidHasselhof: they dont give a fuck lol
Usually happens
They are like yeah sure you pass
nah, that dude is crazy
Lol and david is becoming a doctor
I saw him freak out and let a whole table fail
30% exam, 70% making fun of them
RedManBearPig: most doctors are a joke lmao
A lot of my friends who are in med school just randomly get that stuff
damn
Those examinators dont give a fuck
I know that's the same deal in germany
working for the clinic and all
To be fair DavidHasselhof was the examinator old as fuck?
57
And the first time I pulled it off was with a like 30 year old guy 
Lol figures
Even here with EE they asked us the most basic shit and if people did it wrong they got a pass mark anyway
Granted they cant coast on that alone but still its ridiculous haha.
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42wxru/how_do_you_feel_about_women/czdrrss
He started to engage me
I think at another exam this happened
Did he become dumber?
So I popped in here today originally to get some clarity on on the mission of rpw
I don't understand
we were supposed to get 3 questions with 3 points, after 2 questions he says passed and gives me 6 points
How's that going? :P Quite a morning.
Wait wazzup still posts? I thought dumbobimbo is his new account
Lmao
No he posted that unintelligible comment
Haha well I'm astounded by the commitment you gals have for other women
Complete strangers
It's heart warming
In reference to tups
My mom ruined her life over an emotionally abusive relationship so it struck a chord with me personally. I can't handle the idea of a woman being brainwashed and broken by someone like that, it makes me so angry.
damn wazzup went full dunning-kruger
But I'm a bleeding heart in general, haha
I still think that this dumbo account is him
My mom is very much the same way. And encouraged me to be a pushover like her.
But I'm trying to have more sense
It's funny, my parents didn't work out because my mom was a "strong independent woman" until all of a sudden, she wasn't.
Glad you're here Passerby6 :)
he ha sno idea hes dumb
Thanks :) just trying to find my way
i want to know who is telling all of these CS dudes theyre smart
So in regards to rpw
someones tellign them
I've read that it's a self improvement sub
someones blowing smoke up their asses
Very much so
Id that what the main mission is?
i never saw more dunning kruger
in a bunch of 115 Iq nobodie
sin my life
To be the best wives and partners and women we can be, to put it simply. I've been here for 3 months though so some other ladies here might be able to chime in with more knowledge than I have.
self improvement in a specific way
to become more complementary and good for OUR mates
via rp understandign of men
not to cater to trps conception of the male imperative
which is true
and fine
i'd say the mission is to realize the differences in men and women and apply those to make your relationship as harmonious as possible
men following hteir own imperative should spin plates
I like that Tempy 
right
Bc I've been thinking, trp seems to have a reputation of being women haters
lockerroom talk
go bug a group of guys at the bar
talking about their wives and GFs
you wont hear any diff
women are just shocked to se eit
But rpw is very much against ridiculous feminists notions too, right?
because its hidden fromthem
We are Passerby6 
we are anti feminist
non feminist
wholly different fundamental 1st premises
regardign the humans
i've had smoke blown up my ass most of my life
Well might I suggest that rpw features  ways to differentiate themselves from that absurd thinking. 
idk i like not knowing or hearing those conversations
Maybe more threads to discuss it
whenever i do i feel pretty crappy
we arent about "differentiating ourselves" from anyone
it's okay for men to have spaces to just be themselves and talk how they naturally would like
Did it get you off?
I don't go there either Sunhappy 
No no I don't mean from trp, I mean from feminists
feminism in application almost never really "fits"
at least that's my experience
there were always exceptions or maybes or what ifs and if onlys
which would almost negate the point
since getting rid of that, even a little, i feel much better and more empowered than i did before
I think by the very core of how we operate within our relationships, we're separating ourselves from that kind of thinking :P
Agreed Payton 
But people are so daft
anytime we have had a post that attempts to do that
it always turns into pure feminist
thought
which posts?
You mean the feminazis come and post?
i thought we've been doing pretty well recently
Hijack it?
yeh
they open a hegelian dialectic
RPW like to think that they are "above" feminists, but most of them are feminist to the core lol
http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2016/01/27/bundy-mugshots_wide-a43681470fcdaa519b13d32ccfb3f9a7a6ea8db1-s1400-c85.jpg
you have to brutally keep out the left and feminism
yeh they are lol
thats why i nixed th efeminism thread
yeah
who's kiwifag585?
SerNemesis: sorry was away what's up
this fuck shit 
'nickname is already in use' there's a ghost
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42t6xs/do_you_think_this_advice_is_encouraging_women_to/ anyone read this?
filozof: that post
Super amog
irccloud is trash
kathleen turner was never so beautiful
yeah, I loved her in body heat but it was too straightforward a movie
I felt like she could do more
guess I got my wish
gonna be a late night
yoiuv enever seen a film like this
its being hidden
like all real movies that tell the truth
quick question: is it safe to say that male SMV is more heavily weighted by accomplishments, status, and personality?
whereas women's is almost entirely looks?
I'm picking a fight with a redpiller on ppd
Male smv is still heavily looks based
if that was true, how could men's SMV continue to climb as they get older, though?
I thought their SMV can rise because it's based on things beyond looks
The idea that that other stuff makes a big difference is dubious
All those frills make a difference
AtlasB, what's your opinion?
Just not a big ine
youn gmens smv
hmm. so lonny, you think SMV is based mostly on looks for everyone?
One*
is 100% looks and preselection
but young men arent the bulk of men
and only few have SMV in youth
Yep madscilove
"mens" smv which is really RMv
Look at the guys every girl in here is with
is in 30s
older men have RMV
they can play on
I'd say personality heavily weighed into most women here's choice
for sex
absolutley
looks are the foot in the door
i had the most beautiful bf on earth
rockabilly johnny
sup PPDBot 
he was functionally retarded
lolol
he looked uglier every day
Right, but if you can't get in the dirt
lasted 9 months
i dumpe dhim
Door*
look everyone needs to get in the door
your looks can be seen across the room
plumage
Then that means looks are #1
i slept with 100 ugly men
who talked ot me right
yes my BFs wee all good looking
but im a faggot
I just don't believe they were "ugly"
oh they were
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/42x18r/thoughts_the_sickening_red_pill_how_it_makes_me/
I've slept with ugly men
pock marks
super skinny
junkies
They were 5s, come on, not ugly
they were ugly
well i mean
ok
good god - could you imagine spending three minutes in an elevator with this chick
So they were 3s?
Mashakos: lmao someone on twitter tweeted "kanye has the confidence of a mediocre white man."
I don't buy that
all of his rants and cries
http://cdn1.theodysseyonline.com/files/2015/08/21/6357576604250736351267675249_NobodyCares.gif
the problem with the SMV today is everyones fat
fat is making 100000000000000000000000000s of men 3
these were facially ugnly men
no one was fat
most of todays "3" men are just fat
Same for women
How did that change so quickly?
More fast food restaurants?
lack of physical labor
is my theory
too many conveniences
2:03 PM <madscilove> I'm picking a fight with a redpiller on ppd
i read it with a valley girl accent
Less reasons to leave the house?
Link! Let's pile on im, girls
haha
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42t6xs/do_you_think_this_advice_is_encouraging_women_to/czdm23n
witzie: he's basically making the inverse complaint that bpers make
"why doesn't a man like me for my personality/college education/ambition?!"
I just want to point that out. I'm assuming it'll cause an argument
men think women dont ever sleep with men they wouldnt parade in front of their friends
its so fascianing
or maybe that person in the beginning of Baby Got Back
lol
I wouldn't say "don't ever";
4Oh shit
No, i know that AtlasB
 I'd say if you're that guy, betting innit is a really bad idea
4PPDBot came back?
How can you talk red?
4It got back on before I did
How can she slap?
Wow madscilove that is exactly the opposite of what women say haha
Like you said
4Magic
I just commened on it
There is a way to italicizes individual words too
look at this HILARIOS padory from TBP!!!!
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/42x18r/thoughts_the_sickening_red_pill_how_it_makes_me/
4You have to be red pill level 9000
Why is drok talking in orange
Nobody teaches me this magic
4And you can talk in red
lololol
4Adjust your monitor settings DG69
Lol her LCD is misclaibrated
would it kill that person to use some paragraph breaks?
4Yeah I saved that AtlasB
For shizzle
holy wall of text batman
Calibrated
4I have a collection of posts from TBP where they get physically ill from reading TRP.
lol
Wut? Share!
so parody
such humorous
drok you could make a hilarious compilation post with that
thats some parody humorous there
alright, so I just changed my flair to red
You've finally left me
I'm realizing that my arguments are redder and redder by the day
Much tears
I have noticed the though
Noooo madscilove 
You agree more and more with absolutist statements. 
I'm taking back my upvote
"Example: "I'm going to have the chocolate icecream" "Are you sure? the strawberry icecream is so much better and healthier" "Alright I guess I'll go for the strawberry one then." Yes. This too is manipulation. It's simply altering somebodys behaviour by questioning their opinion and suggesting your own."
lol to hate people so much that you make a post about them
that it literally bothers you so much you feel the need to vomit
get a hobby
like what, architect?
jesus
generalizations are th eopposite of absolutist statements
by definition they speak for the "general" class being discussed
that's what I think I've become okay with
lol @feminist88_hitler14
i dont understand why they keep reading trp content if they hate it so much 
they do find th emen sexy at first
because drama
their overbalance of beta traits
that make them good BF/H material
gets out of whack
after the honeymoon
the error is to think the beta pux was never attractive to her
My computer is messed up
he was
i GUESS i can understand ppd, i still dont willingly venture over tehre but thats like a hardcore christian going to /r/athiesm and being all up in arms
I need to get a new one
so just stop doig that. boom. problem solved
madscilove: 
sacchariferous: I replied to your message and I am so excited that you're following through on the survey idea
Nah, I'm realizing I disagree more and more with making large statements about people
Like last night
I know it's going to be a big hit
But I want to wait until the X1 yoga has OLED in April
i dont have anything to do with tbp so i dont try to play in their sandbox
betaing out is th emale equivalent of a woman gaining the 25 lb she staved off her whole singl elife
based on what though arch
I think making general statements is useful for discussion
do you feel they dont generally describe reality?
how could you deal with humans that way
PPD is ridiculous
i never understand
lol
i would have to approach every single human as if they might freak out and kill me
lol
There is a line between all humans or all woman and no generalizations
its 4 different people posting bizarre questions 
i dont go there so i dont know, only if someone links something in irc will i check it out
same reason i dont go to /r/baseballcardcollectors
i dont really care
anyone who talks in generalizations
I like MBTI to be one of the best generalizations but discerning as well
there are occasionally good posts but i usually dont click on much 
and doesnt calibrate for individuals
is just stupid
Find*
i go there and look at the questions, decide i dont want my face to stick like that, and close tab
if you take a generalization and stick to it regardless of ALL evidence to the contrary
what if i insisted a jew with downs syndrome must have a high Iq because of the high average iq of jews
despite all the evidence they have downs syndrome
haha
woudlnt that be stupid
Based on that often times when people do that, in my opinion, they have nothing to back it up other knowing people aren't going to challenge them. A statement that generally defines a behavior typical of certain types of people is fine, but claiming all low class people are x or all low class people think in one specific way is somewhat obnoxious to me 
 <Architect> How can she slap?
Hahahha
Always makes me laugh
BeyondTheLight++
no one says "all"
I think the problem is thinking that they mean all
you read the all
yeah
when you talk about "women"
that "women" is the generralization
I alqays imagine it with the stereotypical indian voice
not every single member of the class
when i say women ar elike this, women ar eliek that
lower class ppl do X
I mean when I was talking to fiat, I agreed when we boiled the Convo down
"lower class people" is the generalization
not every single member of the group being described
do you think no observations about groups of people are valid, architect?
But I don't think making big statements like that without context is fair anymore
what do you mean withotu context
want to read threee books
"most asians are shorter than average"
that support my statementets
about lower caste people?
i cant put three books in your head
ive spent my life
studyign these things
30 yrs
i do like exploring how other people think
i do not hing but read all day
sex
class
religon
ancient history
because people are freaking nuts
https://youtu.be/V4akMaeZ0-k Architect 
Fucking white knights man
look at that chicks history lololol
Its funny and then you get annoyed
madscilove: depends on the observation. Asians being shorter is a fact. 
or google "squirrelkin"
lower class people having lower IQs
is a fact too
I mean when I asked frensel to explain what the context of his word vomit, he made up some excuse to not have to defend what he was saying because it was just that: word vomit that didn't mean anything except big statements that can be interpreted anyway people want them to. 
o mor eor less
in the west
you havent read losing ground
the bell curve
jensen
rushton
brand
so you wouldnt make such a confident assertion
bronys furries 
his statement was crystal clear
etc
I disagree
the only part that could have been misunderstood you actually understood
lol tempy
if you read everything hes rea don lower class IQ and the big five pesonality traits etc
you wouldnt have batted an eye
he studies HBD
you dotn
dsoent make him smarter or better
"Im a squirrelkin because I believe I was intended to be a squirrel, but for some reason, there was a mishap and I ended up assuming the form of a human. Shitty, I know."
wat
sometimes i think im the only sane person on this earth
but it was the iceberg under his statement
I don't really care what he studies. 
 /clear computer history
an iceberg you couldnt see
what were you guys talking about?
"I only eat nuts"
sorry, I missed this convo
You were in the con
you are what you eat
Convo
Lol
It's not on urban dictionary 
We were discussing low class people
oh its this one chick
the specialist of snowflakes
https://www.google.com/search?q=squirrelkin&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8
I mean, you can't JUST eat nuts.  They've got to be eating other things, I assume?
read the about page
Saying "high class people have an investment in the blank slate" means inherently nothing. It's like saying "Jewish women like philosophy".
Anyways, that's my rant
oh. that conversation
Extro mode off
right
no
lololol extros
it had a specific meaning
blank slatism gives high class ppl purpose
in self actualizing jobs
like teacxhing
social work
therapy
there are observable traits in groups of people. even if those traits are only true 50+% of the time, it's useful for discussion
it is almost exclusively high class educated peopel who push blank slatism
and always was
especially in a meritocracy
"Thank you! I do often scavenge for my own food but sometimes I am too busy so I just buy all natural organic non-GMO nuts from Whole Foods."
http://imgur.com/gallery/wTSGAP6
tempy what is the url for your blog?
What about page?
it is a religious belief they have a vested interest in maintaining
and saying jewish ppl like philosophy
would be similarly apt
they ar eOVERrepresented
int he history of ideas
https://tempesttcup.wordpress.com/
base don their religion and culture
Keep typing I'm typing I'm work
"When I laugh, people tell me that it sounds like a squirrel."  Say what?
http://squirrrelygirly.tumblr.com/about
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42zinn/a_discussion_of_morality/
new post
thanks!
jewish people like banking
dont worry - she takes a multivitamin
"i am attracted to squirrels, but not sexually. i would go on a date with a squirrel and maybe cuddle, but nothing else."
"i suffer from PTSD, depression, and severe anxiety. i may have an autism-spectrum disorder, but were not sure yet. ill keep yall updated."   wooow 
lolololol
"i suffer from PTSD, depression, and severe anxiety. i may have an autism-spectrum disorder, but were not sure yet. ill keep yall updated."
lol
jinx!!
Lol.  Surely a multivitamin will help
Haha
special snowflake to the extreme 
"Squirrels' diets consist primarily of a wide variety of plants, including nuts, seeds, conifer cones, fruits, fungi, and green vegetation. However, some squirrels also consume meat, especially when faced with hunger. "
so how about that nut-only diet
So logical little_red_ 
I don't think she could handle that
"i experience a natural multiplicity. my headmates are beatrice and ralph, but i havent heard from them recently. they may post from time to time. i am the dominant one in the multiplicity."uwot
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/5NA1oG3U/
0,0
One thing, to drag the conversation backwards for a second
Architect> You agree more and more with absolutist statements.
this cant be real 
it's more that I stopped feeling the need to say "but what about all these outliers?"
holy moly
we all know there are outliers. most of us are one. it's just not that useful to most discussions
Wow, I mean animal products do clog arteries, but jesus that attitude.
lol where did yall find this site?
right
its usually mor elikely systematizing outliers can actually SEE the norm
because they cant swim in it like fish swim in water
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/WNnJochV/
PTSD from a dream.  Lol.
damn just fell asleep on the sofa
 He seemed to touch the chicken in inappropriate ways
after eating pasta
https://evolutionistx.wordpress.com/2015/05/01/morality-is-what-other-people-want-you-to-do/
you can see this article was written by a rand loving idiot
by the strawmanning
lold shes using someone elses picture because they look similiar but the other girl is cuter
why do you guys link this stuff
lol
wasn't there a systemizing test or something?
where is that?
how so filozof 
was it this one sunhappy?
http://personality-testing.info/tests/EQSQ.php
shush bot
.context
"when I asked frensel to explain what the context of his word vomit, he made up some excuse to not have to defend what he was saying" Architect: You consistently have trouble understanding things that seem perfectly clear to me. On top of that, there's no meat to your dissent, nothing interesting for me to engage with. I'm not going to elaborate endlessly
and fruitlessly to try to make what is already obvious more obvious. 
3:40 PM <@madscilove> it's more that I stopped feeling the need to say "but what about all these outliers?"
entertainment :)
I personally think it goes beyond that but if you feel that way fair enough
thanks
goes beyond it how?
you mean for me personally?
what are we debating?
FrenselPhone:  I think most of the stuff you say simply relies on people not challenging what your saying because you have little idea what you're talking about but we can go with your version of you want to. 
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/9NCgApJU/
faith in humanity lost
in her dream...
All you're doing is making pretentious statements and relying on people going "wow...much insightful"
I guess your post is more neutral witzie
"Such worldly knowledge"
dreams = reality 
yeah drok
my posts are usually pretty neutral
I like attacking
omg this test is taking forever
madscilove: no I mean you were saying you think it's because you just stopped caring about outliers
I think the more I learn about rp, the more I see that I've always been pretty red
I'm well aware of your opinion, but I'd like it if you supported it with something I can address 
in the way I see and think about relationships
filozof: care to explain your opinion?
if I am wrong, find something that contradicts my object-level claim and base an argument around it
madscilove how have you been pretty red?
I'm just also pretty liberal and I don't give a fuck how other people conduct their relationships
susandeath: I'm cynical about people's intentions. I was raised to think that men always just want sex, and I find it a pretty useful dating heuristic
I'm saying I think it's beyond the dichotomy of outsiders and people who prove a rule and into the territory of making connections statements that are mostly "no true Scotsman" reversals. Like my example "all Jewish women like philosophy" type statements everyone goes "oh Yea...totally", but it's like where are you getting this idea from...where is your
proof..what logic leads you to believe that's a sensical statement other than people you respect told you so. 
ooh ok
I pretty much entirely agree with rp's conception of the SMP
madscilove: 
mostly agree with their analysis of SMV with a little bit of wiggle room
:( :(
I agree with madscilove a lot
ok
I will admit that I dont have much real dating experience
EQ 50, SQ 21
so I cant say if its true or not
its not for me
I don't know if they makes her more red or not. But I don't strictly agree with terp either
It's probably because I am right, so people who agree with me are also right
madscilove: are you an rpw for reals now? :D :D
yay
more people
Like DG69 was half right the other day and that was pretty chill
drok++
idk if I fit so well in rpw. but I did change my flair on ppd to red
I do notice that the self-reported TBP often have very low partner count and low experience with relationships
and I do like hanging out with you ladies in irc :)
I can agree with TRP on SMv in most of its entirety, but I think being here is drifting me away from rp'ness
It's pretty hard to live with for men and not come to certain conclusion
I'll never forget that moment drok
Lol
Gave you half agreement?
drok> It's probably because I am right, so people who agree with me are also right
Cherish it
:)
I dunno if I have a low partner count or not the number for low changes
i thought was low was < 5
but this relationship I am in with J is the first one that went past 8 months
so yeah
very low relationship experience
idk after 30 who gives a fuck
about ncount
Mine isn't low
AtlasB> It's pretty hard to live with for men and not come to certain conclusion
yeah
30 people
or agr 30?
rofl
the age 30
oh. I also misunderstood that
xD
at 30, you're already at the back of the bus
hahaha
cuz you're an old bitch 
DG69: to be fair, your relationship count isn't that hight
be married or LTR by then
madscilove you're going to send me on an uber blue tirade just wait
I may be old
or you losing
what's DG's relationship count?
but I threw the bitch out
tirade! tirade! tirade!
ive had 1 other relationship
for 2 years
Only 2 relationships for me
so i think i'm okay there
I'm about to go blank slate all over ppd 
hey AtlasB i've come to the conclusion that people who use cursive alphabets for printed works are insane
Triggered by madscilove's betrayal
I've had 12+ relationships, I think
in that ballpark.
Damn girl 
e.g. arabic, devnagari scripts
witzie: that article makes a pretty common strawman among rand fans, in that apparently, morality means a person should only care about what's good for others, not themselves
they're so much harder to learn than rock carved scripts
DG69: to quote one of my friends, "what can I say? I love love."
;)
and since that's nonsense, rand has to be right
My only 2 were within the past 2 years lol
like non-cursive latin alphabet
that we use
I kinda went from one to the other
i've never had a relationship and i have always been pro-redpill
i dont know what that says about me
Singlehood should be fun
I got a leg up on relationship count thanks to poly
I'd say madscilove AtlasB and fiat make the most sense to me
maybe i'm just a natural
and me drok?
don't I make sense?
Yeah a lot actually
only i make sense to me
everybody else is wrong
But we disagree on a few things
we do
its ok
I'm willing to look past those differences though :)
as long as there is some sense in there
i think i agree with Architect very often
drok> I'd say madscilove AtlasB and fiat make the most sense to me
me too :)
yay
and SerNemesis 
I usually see eye to eye with most of the xNTJs here
susandeath are you more blue than red
umm
it depends
if blue is gonna get me associated with that damn sub
then no
hahaha
I prefer to think of myself as neither
I don't even go on TBP
susandeath++
I think red pillers go on that sub more frequently than I do
It's boring now
what is?
its too sjwy
it's just so full of outrage
the TBP sub
oh
DG69 is true blue along with annakmk
so the grass is green
and you cant say this word
and you cant say that thing
etc etc
But DG69 is much more chill
if I want my speech to be policed I will hang with my SJW buddies
well
sjws are always acquintances to me
I am chill
at best
at worst they dont exist 
I'm fb friends with one tumblrina sjw
I just keep her around for the lulz
all my friends are hardcore DC sjws
I have some in my poly group
she's a friend's terrible ex gf
TPB doesn't seem like a big SJW-alliance node on reddit the way TRP is a reactionary node 
who don't believe in borders or genders
or gender roles
and they are pretty good friends 
and equality is not enoguh
lol
in the real sense of the word
i <3 them all though
so i deal with their foibles
considering they deal with mine
i would like to make a few girlier friends though
most of my best friends are hardcore feminist poly lesbians. 
but they have a lot of good sense
we just need to bring violence back
they're not crazy like the tumblr sjws
lesbians are okay though!!
they're usually super RP
you talk shit you get smacked
i'm telling you
Sunhappy: they are!
All my friends from college are much more conservative than I am
my lesbian friend is my most RP friend offline
lesbians are cool
when I used to ask them for help with my relationships they'd give me the most RP advice imaginable
They all want to be housewives
it was great
lol
yeah!
my lesbian is like "i get wanting to have a dominant partner"
her partner is super submissive
shitredditsays is more of a SJW mirror to TRP than TBP, I think 
dropped her 60k paying job to move with her wife to PA
poor brainwashed women
broke or not, she's there for life
Yeah I know lesbians that are RP
My roommate in college said how feminism sucked because now she was expected to work instead of just be a wife
But not as many as DSToo
they'll never divorce
why dont they want to become a corporate slave
so fulfillin
I wanted to strangle her but I didn't because love
But he would probably say they are not RP
Dstoo is actually BP
my freind also knew about the TRP much longer than me
But he is just a dick
cuz she's a reddit nerd too
yay I'm back
use to be hardcore reader on trp
fucking quakenet dickery
*used
idk
the idea that i could work and make bank until my golden years
and never be married
seems like a failure
It seems like heaven to me
I wouldn't be happy with that
i think that's when RP hit me hard
One of the most annoying things in philosophy
all my friends who were saying "just keep at it the way you are!!" were 30s and single
saying "i've been where you are right now"
Is when people want to discuss the people, not the isms
i was like "girl bye"
Fuck that, the isms are the best part
I don't care about being married
It's a stupid status symbol
i want to be married :(
and make babies
yeah
well, I guess I don't carea bout the actual "marriage" part
maybe work later but it's not as serious
as long as I have a life partner
women tend to sabotage each other
I'm good
I wouldn't be happy getting old alone
like this cute boy comes to chat you up
my people would legit see me as a failure
and all your female friends turn into harpies
RedManBearPig: are you connecting to servercentral.il.us.quakenet.org?
and i'd feel like i failed as a woman
ssshhh boy shhhh
really? my friends wouldn't be mad
most likely frensel
all this "you're so hot for ______" crap the media pushes
is bullshit
let me check the log
my boss makes six figures
has a 500k valued house
unless he was bothering me, then they'd be mean to him until he went away
freaks out over her grays
<drok> I'd say madscilove AtlasB and fiat make the most sense to me
that's what important to her. 
https://evolutionistx.wordpress.com/2015/08/16/black-friends-and-white-tears/
Yeah madscilove my aunt finally agreed to marry her bf after they were together 27 years lol
I could be cool with that
RedManBearPig: try connecting to underworld1.no.quakenet.org if so 
O yeah you just agree a lot with me drok
Oh yeah
@madscilove mostly anecdotal experience
And BeyondTheLight
zes I am frensel
eh it's fine now
lol that link witzie
white tears make me lol
are we friends Sunhappy ?
it's like when that white girl in 2007 called me a racist cuz i said she was pale
madscilove> I wouldn't be happy getting old alone---> I made peace with that idea a while ago Iw ould be ok
and she equated it to nigger
and i'm like bitch, get the fuck outta here with that
roflol
i was so done with her after that
south carolina is nutters
see, I think that's part of why I've had so many relationships. I'm not a fan of being alone
I haven't been single since I was 17
we are friends, witzie <3
all black women need a skinny white girl in their crew
it's how we get cabs
Lolol
susandeath I think I'd be cool too
lol
I had black friends
black people are cool
i make a point to avoid making black female friends
bitches are crazy
Which ones RedManBearPig 
and once i started befriending them over my usual indian crew
Sunhappy> it's how we get cabs
given the past couple of years I'm starting to think I'm honestly better off single 
hahaha
my ncount skyrocketed
africans and half-africans
and my self esteem dropped
or surninam people
so sunhappy
did they got you into ghetto culture
?
i was suddenly too black, or not black enough. needed to live the black expereince
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pizza_effect
shit i never cared about
i bet this will happen to yoga
suddenly i was too thing
thin
and black women had curves
3:14 PM <Sunhappy> we are friends, witzie <3
the only black experience you need is
and all this shit
well
YESS!!!!
fill the blank
it was upsetting
now it's too far. bitches are all natural and saying ashe and shit. you aren't african. like stop
you know,..for you people...
.....
half-african = halfrican
th...thank you, witzie
does anyone actually celebrate kwanza
hang in there sunhappy
I'll celebrate kwanza with your mother SMS
"my black friend"
only idiot panafrican black supremacists sms
I have no idea what kwanza is
#BlackLove #AfricanLove #KillAllRacists
#deathtoblacks
:O
#CoalBurners
you racist omg
burn the coal
pay the toll
free speeech biaaaaaach
anyway, i love my black gfs
im happy for you
i just wish it wasn't this womanhood village shit they are making it into
like even africans don't do that shit
enough!!!
you can't orgasm from teh sun
i'm so tired of her omg
lol
so
Sunhappy> you can't orgasm from teh sun
wat
thats where you go your username from
i second the wat
all her facebook posts are the same. naked exaggerated figures of black women with quotes and kings and queens and shit
happy from the sun
why
you totally can
orgasms
and old yoruba religious stuff
madscilove: 
my friend, no lie
this is a true story
told me she took off work
and drove down to NC
sungasm
and on the way, on a deserted road
is your friend shaka zulu
she took all her clothes off
or as it is more commonly known
sunhappy
and spread eagle to the sun
to be one with nature
I love my black gfs too
They're fun
and she said to me
sunhappy
i came
D:
it took every bone in my body
to not laugh
....
....
the sun made me happy!
...
but she was mad serious!!!
like MAD serious
D: D: D:
DUDE it's something about north carolina I swear to god
now she has incense in her room and a shrine
to a bunch of ghosts she prays too
I had freinds there tell me they went naked moonbathing at night
is that where your nickname came from?
right before going on the bus to her baptist church
to sync their cycles to the moon
Omg lol that's amazing
it's madness
madscilove: what the hell???
filozof++
ikr!
moon goddess wiccans?
wtf
people are going crazy
that was my idea dg
filozof idea stealer!
except their BBQ and cam newton
they're like "oh you should try it. the moonlight absorbs through your skin and syncs your cycles to the earth's rotations"
those people are losing their minds
Too bad so sad FirionDarklight 
lol firion
like, bitch, how would that even work
what use is a moon-synced cycle anyway
idk
why would she even want to orgasm to the sun?
My friend in college you guys, she believed you could live off the sun's energy
i'm pretty sure most of those idiots are leftist hippies
DG69: thats just dieting
she went to ghana and now is like reborn
and people say right wingers have monopoly on stupidity
we do kind of live off the sun's energy
unless we use nuclear energy
i'm so over black people culturally appropraiting african cultures
breatharianism?
We'd go stare at the sun 5 mins before sunset with our feet in the dirt
I love my hippie friends to death but they have some weird ass ideas
It's like we were plants
every other energy source we have is from the sun
but orgasms thoguh?
she said it was the strongest most powerful orgasm she ever had
orgasms from the sun
i'm pretty sure there were lots of people who actually tried to be fed only by sun
most of them died
This friend is also super into crystals and lsd
she was probably getting off to breathing her own fumes
filozof there's a documentary where a guy supposedly did it for 40 years
ok, not gonna lie. I found out that F did some new age candle magic on me
i think walking naked in the moonlight would be fun, i dont need to believe in some magic to do that
juju?
when we first met
idk, something about writing my name under a blessed candle and burning it for several days
where the fuck do you meet those people madscilove ?
you live in a dangerous environment
I mean, it worked, so....
jk. kind of
Believing in stupid things like that is FUNNN
madscilove: well that's not horribly weird
compared to sungasms
And placebo effect or whatever
It works sometimes
yall need to meet some of my friends
i'm telling you
It's just silly fun and I like all of it
idk why or how we're still friends but i <3 them
i'm pretty sure i'll just take my comfort in knowing that i'm right 
instead of believing in magic
eh, i think magic is real
but i'm also african, so grain of salt
although some pagan rituals sound fun
africans believe in all kinds of shit. it's helpful 
yes, africans believe that having sex with virgins cures aids
very helpful
 <filozof> where the fuck do you meet those people madscilove ?
all over the place
Lol
to help them finally die out
I must just like weirdos
(I do. they're more fun.)
damn, i guess i'm way too normal and reasonable for you to like me
not sure if that's good or not
no no, that's south africa
;When a man stops believing in God he doesn't then believe in nothing, he believes anything--chesterton
the problem is that some atheists think that when people stop believing in god, they're suddenly all rational materialists
right
 most atheists are just mad at the judeo christian god
why
right, because he did mean things
in the Old Testament
the problem of theodicy
judging them for whacking off
guilt
lol
but if He's not real
Old testament god is an ass
Or maybe just alpha af
who cares if he said mean things according to some book rewritten a million times over from 2000 years ago?
they are disappointed religious ppl
thats why they turn to any and every other reeligion
most new age religions
just pick things from old religions
and market it to white hipsters
the nice parts
not the parts that judge you
or have rules
the fun parts
yeah
i wrote a pape ron it in college
Ooo
i called it Me-ism
haha
"i beleive in god, but MY doesnt judge me for [X]"
i do think people hate the idea that religion originally didn't give a fuck about you as an individual
it ain't about you, it's about God and his will
what a meanie
now, God forgives everyone. and everyone goes to Heaven
just belieeeeeeeve
it's interesting
My dad hangs out with a lot of priests and if he beats them in golf he'll say things like "where's your god now??" Or "I guess my god is better than your god"
He also makes fun of them for wearing dresses
God was banned in my house
I know lots of cool priests, one of them made me realize I was an atheist in the 5th grade
after my sister switched majors because Jesus spoke to her
Lol what did she change to/from
catholicism is mor ehumane
and understanding of th ehuman condition
than most protestantisms
pre-med to theater
with a focus on set design
like all religions of works and ritual rather than faith
Why did Jesus tell her to do that Sunhappy 
idk
Monday, she was premed. Thursday, she wasn't.
God that night was burned into our brains. Dad cried, drank all night. Mom called sis over and over
it was ugly
Jesus told me "you mustnt try to cure people, you are to design sets"
she's still scarred from it, i think
That's sad
this was 2007
er, 2006
How old was she
hahaha
sunhappy' parents++
20?
21, maybe
now she's going back to school to get her BA in industrial design
she never used the theater degree
she's an early childhood professional
What do you do Sunhappy 
SerNemesis: I need you
eh?
Your STEMLordism
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42zrhz/want_to_help_shape_the_first_ever_rpw/
That post I'm on in trp is blowing up so much that now after accusing the Jews of worldwide globalist domination under the authority of an demigod-like Architect, people are genuinely arguing with me about the moon landing.
Everyone check out this thread and make suggestions :0)
I'm trying to determine if I'm in the twilight zone.
regressive alt-right?
;p
I mean I'm right but fuck
I'm like in la la land
look forward to commenting but im about to leave work in a few :)
Moon landing hoaxes and "Jewry" globalism
I feel like I'm in a trailer park in Kansas.
I never said TRP made sense
Just that BP was wrong
I got exciting someone pinged me and it's only protopill using the word architect
Lame
Lol sorry arch
hahaha protopill
I accept your apology
will this be an anonymous survey/poll? 
Lol
The trpers are saying that there is a Jew Architect
#architectprobs
I think about that intellectual hipster thing
Who is has omniscient powers
I bet there is a Jew version of me
Probably many
And the metacontrarian
And is a puppeteer
a jew architect who has omniscient powers and is a puppeter?
It's 4th tier
is there any way we can make it subscribers only?
Being too contrarian is bad for your brain
are we talking about YHWH?
For me and fiat
because you know TBP is going toskew this one massively lol
Metametametacontrarian
"They are the most low key suspicious group of people out there. You dont know who they are behind doors. You are brainwash by their jewish positive image that they force into the general public's throat."
trp has a lot of negative masculine traits
Oooh is this some new world order conspiracy
conspiracy theories about govt are masculine
"I am fully aware that there are elements of Jewry which are wholly self interested and poisonous to all whom they do not view as Chosen."
Metametacontrarian
Sorry
negative feminine would be crazy theories about magic and spirits
like witchcraft, crystals, horoscopes, etc
Fiat++
yup
conspiritardy is super masculine
Wow then call me unmasculine
I have both
I love conspiracy theories
Cause I don't believe that shit for one second. I'm a skeptic.
Prove up your claims.
Of all kinds
you believ ein god
Yep
the Prime Conspiracy
And I love love love
so of cours eyou dont
Discussing it
And it's differences
It's faith alone
Vs bravetheism YouTube videos
godf is a conspiracy theory
I don't need that
I would disagree
protopill negative masculine
in terms of paranormal beliefs
conspiracy theories are pseudo science like
God is the original conspiracy theory
Where they try to prove up their claims
Steven Avery is a conspiracy theory
Like religion
Just has more evidence than most
I have no need to prove up my claim
I need no evidence and I demand none for anyone else
like crazy paranormal beliefs. crazy men are more likely to believe in wild govt cknspiracies and extraterrestrials
Purely faith alone
crazy women believe in magic and spirits
DG69: his murder trial? Or the rape?
I'm more like a crazy man
But a bit of both
i don't believe in conspiracy theories but i've realized that in some cases it is helpful to ascribe conscious conspiracies to accidents of history
I was really into aliens at one point
Probably thanks to my superstitious father
Definitely a phase
Then 911
people who say "i don't believe in conspiracy theories" make no sense and dont know what they're saying
Then builderberg, federal reserve
protopill: the theory that the county conspired against him
In both
Either
do you seriously believe people dont conspirE?
bbl!
e.g. instead of saying "some white guys like asian chicks"
They most certainly do filozof
people get convicted for conspiring all the time
But I was thinking of the murder trial
you say "the white guys are stealing or wimmen!!!"
*our
I have prosecuted conspiracies
So yes people do
you're not unmasculine, protopill it prob just means you're not schizoid
But conspiracies on the order of what they are discussing is impossible
For example the moon landing
it's funny how making a murderer omitted some important facts from steven avery's biography
but if you're both masc and schizo you're a bit more likely to believe those
My favorite skepticism example
than magic/fantasy
like the fact that he was convicted for dousing a cat in oil and throwing him on a bonfire
How did the magic omnipotent demigod Jews hide the moon landing from thousands of people
Thousands
Who saw the rocket and analyzed the rocks
Drok did you ever get into area 51
And NASA teams
Is just amazing to me
I was obsessed for a minute
Witzie you should read haidts work on moraltiy
No it's above my clearance level
Someone watches some YouTube video about some neckbeard explaining how science works
right dg69 maybe you're a bit more male brained. it's not exactly absolute
filozof like what
And then bam the moon landing is false
not all women are super girly about their beliefs
I referenced it in my disgust post
I emailed with him briefly 
i mentioned one DG69 
I love the internet
i think MaM was heavily biased
it was designed specifically to inspire sympathy to avery
It was heavily biased
Yes it was
these are slight correlations we're talking about
Oh, they mention the cat thing
13:50:05 <+protopill> How did the magic omnipotent demigod Jews hide the moon landing from thousands of people
definitely biased
Of course it was biased
collected from Gallup polls
They're story tellers
The defense lawyers were very good though
But there was some sketchy shit going on regardless
The cross on the DNA expert
so they didnt mention things that would decrease that sympathy
Yeah
Was some of the best cross I've ever seen
remember that the earth was created several thousand years ago in seven days
and all these fossils and stuff were just put there to trick us
SerNemesis: yep exactly
And you can't really talk about bias on the filmmakers part
if he could do that then faking the moon landing is child's playu
And not mention it on the county's part
SerNemesis: lol
Especially since their bias actually might've ruined someone's life
Bias is everywhere
aaron_the_just was a young earth creationist
He needed a better lawyer in his first bout with the criminal justice system
Sure he was 
He was phony
the interesting thing about the avery case was that he was clearly unjustly convicted the first time
Yes
so that's one reason to be sympathetic to himm
He clearly was
Yeah but some of the cops don't even admit that still
but im not sure he's such a good human he pretends to be
That shows how biased they were
Kratz still thinks he raped that first lady
Because of his sketch
Thinks the dna is less powerful evidence lol
1:54 PM <DG69> Yeah but some of the cops don't even admit that still
Lol
I know
yeah he even said that it might have been forged
It's so bad
lol
Yep, it's totally possible to him that Gregory Allen's dna was somehow planted, but planting evidence is somehow impossible when it comes to Avery's case
DG69: i am a government relations/advocacy EA
Ok so fiat as far as metametacontrarianism
The base position is that you know nothing
The contrarian knows something
The metacontrarian is Socrates, you can't know anything
And the metametacontrarian is you can't not know something
So we are back to building
vampiresquidina: from PPD?
Yes
You have to auth and hide you hostmask or the bot will kick you
You can always come back
Instructions https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/uTGw7hWr/PPDIRC%20InstructionsPPDIRC
what is the difference between the base position and the metacontrarian position?
how do I do that?
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/uTGw7hWr/PPDIRC%20InstructionsPPDIRC
Vamp^^^
isn't vamp a bloop?
You have no idea how right you are drok: "Of course, today's intellectual climate will instinctively have you thinking that this is extremism in its worst form. But we need to realize that it's due to being brainwashed into believing fictional realities about history and group behavior among the Jewish race."
Re: metametacontrarian kneoing all
i just wrote suggestions PhantomDream :)
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42zrhz/want_to_help_shape_the_first_ever_rpw/czedtsq
and howdy everyone!
What fresh he'll is this 
the subscriber survey?
Hey yall
I think I'm going to make the vouch command opt out of the kick as well as kicklurkers
hey coochquarantine :)
ah yes
We don't need kick lurkers anymore since the security
that way we can give them more time?
Rpw has been having some great sidebar quality posts lately 
Also I'm going to have it kb (5 min) if they do get kicked cause they are questionable
Don't be scared of us!!! Love it. 
oh god no 
I think both features would work better
unless I get 'vouched' preemptively or something 
You don't have it set up to auth and hide your hostmask?
what happens is when my connection dies there's a ghost frensel, and then I am on as 'frensel_'
and other fuckery 
You will still be ok if you have your hostmask correct
it doesn't let you mask if the username isn't correct, the auth has to succeed first 
You put the new username
And it will work
Like if I was king_drok
it's annoying to have another layer of things that can go wrong 
I would type /mode king_drok +x
well it didn't work for some reason, I guess probably because the account limit was taken by frenselphone and ghost frensel
Hmmm
anyway there were other problems
it's just not good to add another potential layer of problems
Well you can probably be vouched
speaking of I am banned from ppd 
I think most people are
Hi PPDBot 
I wasn't banned until today
when I switched from servercentral.il.us 
it was one of the channels I default-joined 
i'm at work atm, will go through the bans later if drok hasn't already
and unban peoples
http://i.imgur.com/qZrXVDI.gifv
Lol
:)
bekazzled managed to post something funny on TBP and get upvotes: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/42xswg/rp_theory_i_witnessed_something_odd_today/
it's interesting that eminem's name comes from his initials
Emily Charland also hasn't seen GoT
haha valar betaris
Is that just her actual name?
valar manginus
valar betaris?
valar morghulis
we will all betA?
haha coochquarantine i love that
I love the RoK post you put up Camille 
thanks i shared it in irc yesterday, figured the whole sub could use laugh as well
I was going through that the other day and thought about my party girl days. I'm so glad I'm over it. 
bluepillers bring up interesting criticisms of trp sometimes
their claims about women are unsupported
i dont find many interesting ones
u got an example?
Vagina matata
well, i meant that bluepillers often say that redpillers' claims about women are unsupported, which i find to be a valid criticism
Lol!
Oh lion king.
they're not that interesting. that criticisms
was about feminine imperative
They aren't unsupported 
only the biggest morons believe in a deliberate global conspiracy by a cabal of women
or even women everywhere
Jews fiat
Jews
They are supported by the experience of thousands of men who are "good with women"
Know t
Believe it
Just like sales training 
Relish in it
TRP is pretty shit as a philosophy
Is supported by the experience if 100s of top producers 
i find this to be a good characterization: "For something to be formally valid it would need to be far more structured and delineated than TRP - TRP represents too many divergent viewpoints for any judgment about formal validity to be made."
Its not "a" philosophy 
Fiat soon enough trp's denizens will rise up and go after AtlasB
Its a collection of wisdom 
For being part of the demigod clan
Someone warned coratoad I was a Zionist jew
Lol
Haha
And not to idolize me
she's rp old guard. blackguards always want to overthrow the old guard
Fiat no you don't understand she's a Jew so she's Chosen
The overlords have come!
Have you juSt discovered antisemitism proto? 
Lol no I've just discovered the conspiracy theory behind it though
Reading that post today was nuts
haha yes that is great coochquarantine 
Link
I'm still debating whether I should try and argue with them or
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42xbzw/feminisms_role_in_the_global_power_strategy/
"That is the natural tendency of the Jew: he never attacks groups which could be a threat to his exposure; instead he infiltrates them and repurposes these groups to suit his needs."
I mean come on...
That's like copy pasta from Mein Kampf
protopill: look
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42zinn/a_discussion_of_morality/czeb4mv
I'm dead now 
the constitution of the US is a "moral authority"
AtlasB: lol
Read it all
Just enjoy it
It's insanity
Lol witzie I saw your post it was well written
I can never stop worrying about all the men who want to rape me 
That is the quintessential feminist 
i think the declaration of independence declares some moral principles which they believe to be superior
haha yes!
and the oen of the porn girl i forget her name
20 yes ago witzie would have gone to law school instead of stemming
the idea that it is a race war is indefensible - that it is a war on racial identity is hard to deny
?
Yeah I'm confused too
What's racial identity
>intoxicated sex is intrinsically rape (it isn't - it is only rape if they are so intoxicated they aren't capable of meaningfully consenting to sex). Otherwise, you could end up with the (obviously insane) situation where two drunk people rape each other at the same time
Versus race
to what are you referringprotos post?
there is no race war of jews against goyim
I am criticizing the "This isn't a gender war, it's a race war" part
it is a war of  universalism against particularism
it's not a race war, clearly 
based in ethnicity
Two people raping each other, sound plausible, imagine two people want to kill each other and stab the other one with a knife simultaneously - now imagine both wanted to rape the other one, sounds plausible
gender war, race war, lel
precisely, universalism is opposed to racial identity 
classism is the real issue
jews didnt invent universalism
they converted to it
Let's dig out the good ol communist manifesto and take over the means of production!
transnatrional progressivism is a christianheresy
who cares who invented what? I am interested in the motivations of the actors 
Let's invent two new political parties: Social Nationalism and International socialism
the aalready done david
naziism and communism
i think vamp succeeded
Hi
finally
hey
Yeah
2:42 PM <DavidHasselhof> Two people raping each other, sound plausible, imagine two people want to kill each other and stab the other one with a knife simultaneously - now imagine both wanted to rape the other one, sounds plausible
is vamp a bloop?
Can't happen
no hard feelings fighting on the sub vamp
You can't have two intoxicated people rape each other
welcome aboard
there are clearly non-jews - a lot of non-jews - who are against strong racial identity. there are - or there *were* - some non-jews who were for strong racial identity 
There always is a grey zone on how right you can be, social nationalism just has to be more right in the grey zone to steal voters from the right side
thanks - me neither
why not protopill?
You can't rape each other
Why not
two people can kill each other
there are jews for strong racial identity - in israel 
because one intendeds to have sex THEY consent to
with the other
It's about as retarded as blaming the rapist
so each consents
^ it's an issue of consent
It's impossible
and two people can fuck each other, kill each other, but not rape each other?
Two people can kill each other
Because consent isn't an issue
To murder
right
It's not a defense
Intent, isn't intent important? I intent to rape her, she intents to rape me, we proceed to have sex, both thinking that we rape each other...
No but lol
even if consent was an issue, two people could still murder each other
its not intent to rape
You can't intend to rape her
it doesnt make a difference
Why not?
consent is on th epart of the person claiming rape
If rape is my fetish
Cause you intend to have sex
this has inescapable implications - that is, that someone who is for strong racial identity in the west has jews as a significant enemy 
if i want to rape somebody, and that person consents to sex, does that mean i raped them?
not jews
progressives
I guess the contention is that jews don't matter very much
No filozof
You can only rape after consent is denied
because there are so few of them
jews are the fleas taking credit for the dogs walk
Drok yes
But she doesn't give you consent, she just wants to rape you
jews take credit
but that's misleading
Before that it's just sex
for WASP progressivism
yankee civil rightsism
DavidHasselhof: I can't even imagine that situation to be honest
european cvomminism
Two people conspiring together to rape each other
that's an interesting dilemma DavidHasselhof 
But doing it consentingly
the elites who matter are high in IQ
if i want to rape somebody, do i automatically consent to sex?
yes
jews are a considerable fraction of the elite in america 
right
but its still "the elite"
not the jews
How does it happen though
the hjews entered the elite
The rapist is consenting
a lot of the elite are jews, so it gets conflated anyway
VIA transnational progressivism
There is a transitive property there
The rapist obviously consents
by people who prefer to see in racial dimension
and the elite allow it
in poland people tend to blame jews for communism
Right, so you can't mutually rape
Or I should say the "person"
they allow the jews to take credit for everythign the proles hate
There is no rapist
why not?
Right
Because consent was given
nope
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%BBydokomuna
merely having drunk sex is never rape
introducing a group with extremely strong motivation to crush specifically ethnocentrist movements into the elite has obvious implications for those ethnocentrist movements 
I don't want to get fucked but fuck her
theres no criminal statute
DavidHasselhof: wait what
So like she pegs you and then you fuck her?
You don't want to get fucked
But
You want to fuck her?
Ok, two very drunk idiots. Both think : "She/He could be a good lay, he/she is black out drunk, might as well try it"
The law isn't that descriptive lol
.context
You didn't want to get pegged?
Oh, so two men can rape each otehr
I guess
Not at the same time
We are making progress here
vampiresquidina: is here?
Hi
Hi
Like sequentially maybe
Go on....
let's say you have an elite that is against you, but not very passionate - then you introduce 10-20% of them who are RABIDLY opposed to you, with fervor that reaches arbitrary heights 
How can two rape each other at the same time
It's biologically impossible
this completely changes the dynamic
Men*
And logically
Lol
Two men?
Scissor position
Lol!!
Oh ARS
Ok so two people are trying to fuck each other in he ass, but either wants to be the recipient
I am laughing so hard since 2 minutes
Lol
But they both do it anyway
Is this is the scenario?
right now yes
Ok
It's anal week
Ah yes anal week
2:50 PM <protopill> How can two rape each other at the same time <--- if oral penetration counts, then 69
So this is an appropriate discussion
69 is the solution to mutual rape
^
Fiat oral sex at least in Cali isn't rape
Winner
It's a different statute
Ok, deformation
2 penises
Ok
Lol
Hahahaaha
So I mean
In that sense
I think jim (of blog.jim.com) supported the 'fleas on the dog' position, and said something like 'jews are disproportionately found in the modern preisthood - replace it with something else and they would switch over with astonishing swiftness'
So these two guys who don't want to fuck
intersexuals. people with both penis and vagina
There were two separate rapes
two of them
They just do it any way
raping each other
Lol
Fiat
Not one mutual rape
this is basically wrong, because they *can't* switch, because ethnocentrism counts them out 
So a woman that wants to rape a guy, can't rape a guy that wants to fuck her. And a guy that wants to rape her is a guy that wants to fuck her?
First sentence is true
Hold on reading second sentence
So confusing lol
If the second one is wrong then two people can rape each other
Yes that actually sounds true
Both are true
simultaneously
But would never happen
But it's still funny
yes
Only if she is pegging
an ethnocentrist group cannot hold out any hope before it has somehow disenfranchised those parts of the elite that will always fear and hate them 
In the not so distant future we will probably all have coupons we have to use during sex to show we consented to that specific activity
I mean I'm still not on board with "made to penatrate"
And this my friends is why PPD is so great
It will be like a small picture book
thus this obsession with the jews is basically rational, in places with large jewish elites 
Imagine discussion mutual rape somewhere else
With pictures of missionary, cowgirl, and meat hooks
And you'll just choose the one you want
And exchange cards
I don't think so
counter movement - keep the state out of our bedrooms!
My GF gave me consent to wake her with fucking, I gave her the same consent, + blowjob. I still fear that I have a dream about another girl and say that name while sleeping and never get a wake up bj again. Anyways, relationships will have consent contracts - I consent to everything until I say the safe word
you cannot compare the fervor with which an elite composed of a given ethnicity opposes ethnocentrism, and the fervor with which an elite composed in significant part of a different, previously-persecuted ethnicity opposes it  
a guy who wants to rape a woman automatically consents to sex, i think
DavidHasselhof: what's the safe word
I don't think so
Mine is Aye Aye Captain!
Lol
Oh captain my captain is for immediate sex
it's a lot easier to get a group to go to a sushi place if everyone is ambivalent about the matter, than if a few people in the group are vegans 
I hate vegans
the vegans matter, disproportionately to their group size
Safe phrase: "pad kid poured curd pulled cold"
needs to be said clearly and unambiguously
you can't go to the sushi place unless you somehow shake the vegans
I am a carnivore, I am as annoying as vegans with my diet
Some years ago we tested our blood
Lol fiat
That's impossible
Mine was deep red, the other people had pink blood, they freaked out and asked whose blood that was, raised my hand and said that I love to eat meat
That's super blood, I can store much more oxygen than everyone else, I have an incredibly huge lung and a big heart, even without doing anything I have more endurance than 95% of the population
Frensel who are you talking to?
DavidHasselhof: yep vegans usually die sooner http://www.m.webmd.com/food-recipes/news/20030618/vegetarian-diet-b12-deficiency
B12 deficiency issues are huge
drok: atlasb 
we've had this conversation before 
frensel's talking about why it's rational for some people to hate jews
Vegans are just idiots, they believe a lie "You can be vegan and just as healthy" or "healthier" they let out the part where: You have to look after your diet extremely well
I haven't seen her say anything
poor Frensel; his global eugenics ideals will never be reached if the racists across the world (who'd be among the first in line to support those ideals) don't trust him
AtlasB: do I have you on ignore?
I'm not pro-ethnocentrist
I think ethnocentrism is the best path for modern nations
if I was a patriot I would be a national-socialist
I am not a patriot 
I am a jew 
but I really like the vegan body builders
morning ladies
you immediately see who juices and who doesn't, hint the skinny scrawny guys don't do it.
3:03 PM <Frensel> I am a jew
Trp has been alerted
lol. i don't know why some people want to exterminate all the jews
when people like Frensel exist
You Zionist
how can you hate all jews
how can you hate all fish? it's a matter of taste 
I like jews 
hitler didn't like jews
what can I say to hitler? he's not wrong, it's a matter of preference 
Hitler was an idiot 
and of course self-interest
hitler was many things, but an idiot was not one of them
Sure thing
No idea about warfare
what nonsense
hey cakeforallofyou how are you?
First thing: Never trust an italian
you have no idea what you're talking about
I'm well, thanks :)
how about you, Camille ?
Second thing: Start with britain, not poland
manstein disagrees with you, little else needs to be said 
So you don't think that someone could have made better decisions which lead to victory?
Like starting operation taifun two months earlier?
I absolutely think someone could have made better decisions
manstein, for instance
drok lol ive bene on the phone
hitler was deeply flawed 
he should have trusted his brilliant generals 
instead he put his trust in the snake Goring 
Like Hossbach?
im doing great thanks!
awesome :)
Mussolini was the biggest mistake
I had my friend to visit last night and she confirmed something I had been worrying about: my style is a bit 'rockabilly' at the moment
and so now I am trying to tone it down a little.
Amelia blowing coochquarantine kittenkajira lifterofthings little_red_ lo_andbehold Payton Payton pixiedelights rlg sacchariferous Tempy aZombieKitten 
Hi Camille
I personally would have killed ernst thlmann, overtook the communist movement and then dictate the whole world with my prole army
you dont like how you look right now?
hello vampiresquidina 
Wow, lots of people in the room tonight
Passerby6
3:07 PM <Frensel> manstein disagrees with you, little else needs to be said
Hi...if I'm not welcome, I'll leave. 
I don't mind it! But someone the other day commented I looked a little "rockabilly" and then yesterday, my friend pointed out that my new bangs are a bit pinup
6:03 PM <drok> AtlasB: do I have you on ignore?
No wait man stein agrees with DavidHasselhof
LOL
what brings you to the room today vampiresquidina 
He had frequent and often
Disagreements with butler
so I'm worried about being one of those people who dresses in a particular style.
Hitler*
hi vampiresquidina :)
yes obviously
butle rlol
whats wrong with having a particular style?
I'm just messing around - my first time on I
Lol
Butler
RC
Hi vampiresquidina 
Was a good autocorrect
Hi
just like, too derivative Camille ? like wearing a costume, rather than having a style.
'hitler was an idiot, no idea about warfare' manstein blatantly contradicts this
on many occasions 
did you have any questions or somethign you wanted to talk about in particular vampiresquidina  
Operation taifun was not well planned
cakeforallofyou: hi to you too lol 
complete idiot move
he thought hitler was terrible at running a war.. compared to HIM 
hey coochquarantine :)
cakeforallofyou are you actively trying to cultivate a rockabilly look or are you just buying what you want and then it just happens to fall under the same umbrella?
No, just wandering :-)
I guess
I mean the contemporary quotes are pretty bad
I tell you, fuck the national socialist party, kill taelmann, take over his place, take over the world
hitler had reasons to go with his own judgement over OKW 
"He was not only the most brilliant strategist of all our generals, but he had a good political sense. A man of that quality was too difficult for Hitler to swallow for long. At conferences Manstein often differed from Hitler, in front of others, and would go so far as to declare that some of the ideas which Hitler put forward were nonsense."
hm, hard to tell Camille . definitely a lot of stuff I buy is labelled as rockabilly or pinup. I love 50's style dresses and polka dots.
but I am getting the sense that wearing both at once, especially in red/white/black (my colors of choice) is a bit too much.
alright well you can stay vampiresquidina but we d have a no lurking rule which just means that you cant sit ther eand be silent for hours
read manstein's first-hand accounts and explanations, if you want to know what he thought 
I always like those types of different styles but like just a bit. If you do the whole outfit rockabilly then it is like a uniform or costume to me 
OK
yeah coochquarantine that's kind of what I'm worrying about
I have before remember we both studied this time period :)
no one's ever mentioned it before.
I'll go back again
it is impossible to come to the conclusion that he thought hitler was a know-nothing idiot 
Like Gwen Stefani uses rockabilly really well
ooh, I'll have a look.
I think I need to just focus on things that don't have all the cliche elements at once
ie don't go the rockabilly-shaped black/white spotted dress, instead find a different print
remember that hitler seized upon his plan for invading france, against the recommendation of the high command 
I want to start adding more black back into my wardrobe 
any other style people you'd recommend?
I got a lot of clothes for free over the years and a lot of them are great, just not really 'me'
Do any of you shop at ModCloth?
Architect:
the criticisms tend to be wrt to the eastern front though
not hte western front
ModCloth is okay
I always recommend this blog extrapetite
not usually vampiresquidina , most of modcloth's stuff is from other retailers and then marked up a lot!
Again wrong
I would not have a single front
Except maybe russia
Really? I didn't know.
Which I would have overtaken in 2 months
thanks coochquarantine !
nope vampiresquidina not a fan of the quality or the aesthetic 
Extrapetite as in short?
*have had
She's just petite but her style is great 
is it not good quality Camille ? i've never ordered from there!
Kill Thlmann - take over party - win over europe with communism - befriend stalin as commie bro - take over rest of the world - deliver all weapons to germany - kill all non germans - they don't even have weapons...
i personally on think so but a lot of girls who buy from there also buy from forever 21, h&m, etc so it seems better quality in comparison 
*dont
that would make sense.
Who is the master of warfare? Right me, I fight against defenseless people, victory is sure.
Frensel: I was reading some excerpts from the book Hitler's Master Strategist. Interesting quote here "Even though he (von Manstein) constantly opposed Hitler on operational details, he considered it a point of loyalty to simply stand with the German state, in whatever form.
My favorite place lately is The Limited
And if he had waited some time he would have found out that norwegian had oil
They have amazing sales
The man seemed to be a disenfranchised loyalist
I do a lot of thrifting and exchanging with friends
Too bad. He coulda conquered. Probably needed to be ENTJ.
"...He undoubtedly had a certain eye for operational openings, as had been shown by the way he opted for Army Group A's plan in the west. Indeed, this is often to be found in military amateurs - otherwise history would not have recorded so many dukes and princes as successful commanders. In addition, though, Hitler possessed an astoundingly retentive memory and an imagination that made him quick to
 grasp all technical matters and problems of armaments. He was amazingly familiar with the effect of the very latest enemy weapons and could reel off whole columns of figures on both our own and the enemy's war production..."
If I'm shopping retail, it's discount, like ross or burlington coat factory 
Yay, home from work
Enemy weapons? Do you even read what you write, I just provided a solution which removed all weapons and soldiers of all enemies.
bored to death yet vampiresquidina  llol
Yes, actually lol
is th elimnited still around?
Lol
how is work going aZombieKitten?
i used to shop there in the 80s
that's a direct quote from manstein, not me ofc
My mom used to shop there too
vampiresquidina: it picks up when the women come on
They had a tweenie knock of in the 90's
i git some anne taylor loft sweaters on ebay
The deficiencies I have just described were bound to detract considerably from Hitler's fitness to play the self-appointed role of the supreme military leader.
They could still have been counterbalanced, however, if only he had been prepared to take advice from - and place genuine confidence in - an experienced and jointly responsible Chief of the General Staff. He did, after all, possess a number of the qualities indispensable to a supreme commander: a strong will, nerves that would stand up to the most serious crises, an undeniably keen brain and - as I
 said before - a certain talent in the operational field combined with an ability to recognize possibilities of a technical nature. 
Nothing super productive yet. Still training.
If only he could have seen his way to compensate for his lack of training and experience in the military sphere  particularly as regards strategy and grand tactics  by utilizing the skill of his Chief-of-Staff, quite an efficient military leadership might have emerged despite all the shortcomings mentioned above. But this was precisely what Hitler would not accept.
When's that?
For what it's worth, I am jelly of your training :p
I think I've sent out like... 50 resumes in the last couple of weeks.
"hitler was an idiot, no idea about warfare" - undeniably irreconcilable with the opinion of perhaps the greatest field marshal of all time 
.oppressfemales
!!! yay! I just got a call saying we were approved for the lease we applied for!
oi!
the first and only one!
!!
Again, you think warfare is about two countries shooting at each other
Ma'am?
lol
looking for ladies to break up the hitler convo
I'll only be working solo for 6 weeks.
I'm just a fill in for someone's maternity leave.
I would not have had a single front, my enemies wouldn't have soliders or weapons. I would take over the world and then if I was as crazy as hitler kill every non german
what can be said but... bravo! 
Victory is sure  vs Hitlers victory wasn't sure. 
so how's vegas, blowing?
I can talk about how depressed I am that I broke my nails this morning. :(
Look at the time from 1905-1933 communism had a chance back then.
Anyone who led the communist party could have taken over the world
What's a rotating topic we haven't talked about lately?
Oh
Sweet! Congrats, cake! And I don't remember what you said you were doing, azk
You wouldn't fight against france, britain and russia, they would eihter be your allies or reigned by you
Men who get hard for 16 year olds should be jailed.
lolz
AtlasB> looking for ladies to break up the hitler convo
Though crime should lead to jail
so makeup and cute animals, amirite?
Nice point blowing
oh wait I like blowing's better
We should test makeup ON cute animals
and then bomb them
lol camille posted this on RPW
http://www.returnofkings.com/40869/top-25-pictures-from-the-american-girls-be-like-meme
I'm making a bombing playlist
cakeforallofyou++
thanks Camille :)
Temporary business manager for the local nursing home.
Which strangely intersects with the playlist I made for my eventual episode of Intervention
oh now i am so excited about decorating
http://www.returnofkings.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/abl6.jpg
lolol
3:21 PM <DavidHasselhof> Again, you think warfare is about two countries shooting at each other <--- I don't know when was the first instance of modern people's protracted war. tbh, i have a very asian perspective on this. 
but are there better examples than Gandhi and Mao
Have you all started on your letters yet? Pleading for me to get help?
Two more days on Vegas and I'll have a full blown addiction to something
Lol that pic AtlasB
Nice. Congrats on ze jobby!
it was true for how communists managed against superior guns and tech in wars
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/sOYrofze/
and now it's the same wrt to global islamicists
Hahahaaha
I like him he makes me smile
lmao
hahaha
I need one of those. So hard.
Drogo
I feel that money and spending could become a point of contention between bf and I.
emilia clark is so pretty
I am hoping that making money will alleviate this.
She's gorgeous
such a perfect, angelic face
Her body is out of control
Khaleesi
When I asked about you AtlasB I wanted to nip that convo in the bud
Not get it started
Lol
lol
What color is my name?
greenblue
Thank you
it's kind of a greenish grey on mine
Like a sea green
atlas is fuchsia and drok is coral
Whoa
"it was true for how communists managed against superior guns and tech in wars" against germany they had superior logistics, manpower, and material to throw into the fight  
You are coral too
Aww. :c
Hello?
I was going to say pink and orange
Hi, Passerby6
Though if I look closely Drok and madscilove are slightly different colors
Hey there. I was paged I think?
https://www.reddit.com/r/polyamory/comments/42yhbh/boyfriend_expressed_interest_in_opening_it_up/
nevertheless their victory was probably the most impressive achievement in mankind's history 
Blowing can I come to your intervention
Ok
So to clarify
"He wants to be free to love whomever[...] I'm generally monogamous.""
Mmmm now that's my kinda alpha
well, that answers that
Two people cannot rape each other at the same time
I wanted to get that across
DG69: lets be real about this
lol
You and I will both be smashed
At my intervention
Well yeah
6:33 PM <@drok> Two people cannot rape each other at the same time
So of course!
I'm bringing booze
a man starts to rape a woman, she screams and cries
he then withdraws consent
but she changes her mind
and doesn't let him stop having sex
He says he wants me to be a SAHW/M, reminds me to watch my spending all the time when all I buy is groceries, and then says things like "I tried to buy a cover for the truck today" (an item that we don't need at all cause we don't put anything in the bed of the truck, and that would cost $500+)
who got raped?
who raped?
But that is sequential raping
I'm trying so hard to keep my cool
I know how to throw an intervention blowing
DG69: if I'm going to rehab immediately I want Vicodin also
Two different rapes took place
yeah Passerby6 i pinged people to see who was on since the room was kind of dead
Of course
that is the sound of one hand clapping
ok drok
And cocaine
Let's go out with a bang
drok++
a PPD zen koan
that sounds frustrating lifterofthings 
First she got raped, then he did
Practicing my stfu.
money is definitely a point of contention in a lot of relationships
And a hooker
who should go to jail?
do you trust that he's sensible with money?
Let's be rehab roomies
Of both genders
They both can
REHAB ROOMIES!
And fight over the hottest crack heads
or at least earns enough to cover it when he decides to do less sensible things?
Yes and no.
Because I don't like either of them
DG69: have you ever seen 28 days?
but the woman was clearly raping in self defense! 
Yeah, he does earn enough to cover it.
lol
witzie> who should go to jail?
that's the important bit
all of them!
With Sandra bullock
I haven't blowing!
:) I like the sense of community here
idk. I'm still kinda sore about the truck, tbh :p
just shove everyone in jail
So my tenant is moving out....Jd suggested he move in 
it sounds like it lifterofthings .
I'm trying to see the positive.
Let's watch it tonight to get an idea what our rehab experience will be like
It just seems super relaxing
lol
i love that movie
that he earns enough money to decide when he wants to buy a cover for the truck?
But I don't understand why when he has a work truck, we need a second giant gas-guzzler for a casual vehicle.
not normally my kind of film
Right AtlasB ??
I need to figure out how to tactfully say no 
she seems very real in it
if he earns enough to cover it then its just him spending money on ways you dont like not him blowing money you dont have right?
Frensel> but the woman was clearly raping in self defense! 
two rapes don't make a right
Well, I can't say shit. Because he's earning the money.
jsut trying o understand the situation
lolol
unless you get her pregnant and name the kid Right
then two rapes can make a right
madscilove++
But if you're going to police my grocery spending habits, which are like... maybe $100/wk, don't go out and blow $500 on a thing we don't need.
if this clothingdoesnt look goo don models
http://usa.frenchconnection.com/category/woman+collections+sale/sale.htm?f_subcategory=woman_collections_sale_sweaters
how does it look on ppl?
clothing is too boxy now!
.quote add 6:36 PM <@madscilove> two rapes don't make a right. Unless you get her pregnant and name the kid Right 
.quote add madscilove> Frensel> but the woman was clearly raping in self defense! madscilove> two rapes don't make a right
Hahahaha
Women should look lumpy. Did you miss the memo? :p
aw I feel so popular
Rehab is relaxing
BOT
lolol
I bet
COMEON
OK! That's all I can take..bye!
SAMN
WingN: Hobo style is in
DAMN
lol
LOL
oh no I didn't realize you were here!
I'm worried about acquiring all the baby shit we need too, tbh. Probably unnecessarily, at this point, because I don't actually know how it will go.
stay and talk to us vampiresquidina !
who, me?
bye vampiresquidina you chatty bitch
That's an understandable feeling. Certain spending shouldn't be policed and groceries are one of them. He eats too, right? 
yeah :)
did you write a list of whats necessary and have a budget
whatup vampiresquidina 
i deliberately changed the convo fo ryou
for the baby stuff
All you've said is hi and bye
why don't you like us?
what would you like to discuss, besides rape and hitler, lol
set a while
Not yet. Only 16 weeks along. But we'll have to do that soon.
lo_andbehold, grocery spending is definitely important for budgeting
rapeler
I like that
I don't want to spend a lot, obviously.
http://usa.frenchconnection.com/category/woman+collections+sale/sale.htm?f_subcategory=woman_collections_sale_sweaters   how ugly all this clothing is
how are you feeling about the red pill?
vamp
(I know it's one I regularly overspend on)
lifterofthings: you're pregnant. Omg omg congrats
lolzlzl
rapeler
vamp are you still married?
ty!
vampiresquidina: you never talk to me anymore
Oh god now
No
madscilove: shitty
I get it. What I don't get is why he's angsting over $100/wk for food.
AtlasB: and rapeler are one color now
ooh
bright pink
rapeler: yes
But will blow $500 on a truck thing.
bardolatta believes he ha syou half convinced
Without batting an eye.
I thought you divorced him vampiresquidina 
I'll have to talk to him about it eventually, when I can not be a bitch.
I was told bardo was a woman
I don't trust myself atm :p
More importantly
good choice.
not hes a malesperg
If he's making all the money, then he sees it as 100% his, probably.
Aren't they all?
So his spending isn't the problem to him.
nice kid tho
$500 is not much if you're covering all your expenses and being sensible for the most part.
No offense everyone currently logged on minus Drok
Oh yeah lol bard thinks he convinced her
wat. barto's not a girl
lol
Lol
idk. From my perspective it is.
Right?
what do you find most shitty about the red pill?
right aZombieKitten 
I agree, but I grew up poor
But again, I don't feel entitled to a say in the money while I'm not making any
Is it TRP or MRP that you hate vamp
$500 is almost half of our rent
AtlasB: really? Lol
we don't get new blue pillers around here often so this is awesome!
that's complicated.
i'm so excited
I am triggered blowing
My last retail job paid $800 biweekly.
rapeler: nope
but it sounds like something you need to talk about when you're not grumpy.
And y'all aren't married, IIRC, so it technically IS only his money.
80 hours of work for $800. lol
Minus Lonny_Z
right aZombieKitten 
I didn't see you
Yep.
Yeah, but it'd be nice to have a surprise or something, right?
So I can't say "That's joint money."
That's why I'm going to find a job, despite his wanting me to stay home.
right aZombieKitten 
lifterofthings, why does he want you to stay home? Can you work from home?
http://i.imgur.com/qZrXVDI.gifv
im a homemaker, i ask M permission to buy everything
A little teensy bit of feeling spoiled
Is he planning to marry you at all, Lifter?
He likes having me around when he gets home, likes that I have dinner ready and do the laundry and shit.
he spends things on what he wants without consulting me 
I assume so. He already refers to me as his wife.
it sounds like yall need to chat.
I wouldn't be having any babies if I didn't really believe this was permanent.
Okay, good on that, at least.
rapeler: hahahaha
I hope y'all can budget for the baby stuff. Do you know if he'd be apprehensive to you budgeting things?
My husband spent $1000 on something I thought was stupid that's sitting in a drawer right now. We didn't NEED the money when he spent it, he was working very hard and wanted to treat himself. So I didn't say anything. But he doesn't use it and I'd love for him to resell it to put into a nest egg instead
Racist shrug lol
Madscilove: impossible to answer
Life hack: when you're done with a pad just use it to wax your upper lip!
yall need to have clear financial goals, and a budget.
blowing: both
ewww
blowing
It's just frustrating, is all. He wants me to stay at home, and wants to police my spending, but doesn't want to police his own. idk.
my huscat spend money on lots of things I don't think are wise, but that's his money
I agree, that we should.
i spend a lot of money on dresses
why would I want to put that on my face
The other side madscilove
Well, if y'all get married, he can't just blow all of the moeny.
but still
The sticky side
well youre spending his money lifterofthings 
we make sure there's room in the budget for those things.
Why is that weird
That's bad for everyone involved.
you'd smell blood
That's fine
we aLL hate MRP
hes not blowing it though
I can make my own money too
hahaha
That's what I'm saying
I don't really like putting menstrual blood right under my nose like that
I never said he was blowing it.
poor mrps
I said he CAN'T blow it.
I keep getting tagged lol
haha
sorry blowing :D
Sorry, blowing. <3
lifterofthings: Have you thought of doing part time or working from home so you have your own money still 
The "this is my money" thing is incompatible with the "I want you to stay home" thing, in my mind.
madscilove: lol
Omg blowing so nasty
i concur
Hahahhaha
I love it
I'd love to, but show me a reputable job working from home :p
I can't even type
Laughing
if he's asking you to stay home then he needs to talk about money more.
Now
what you REALLY have to do is use a menstrual cup
I've looked into probably a dozen. All scams.
It'll definitely be incompatible if you get married.
lifterofthings, I work from home but thanks ;)
and then feed the blood to your plants
Diva cup!!!
(web development)
Ewww
Yeah, see, I'd be all over a job from home.
Mmmmm mothers milk
Dog walker is a good job. You can even take your baby around. 
i dont think that its incompatible. hes not blowing his money on random things or spending outside of his means 
I've just never found one that wasn't sketch. :(
you guys arent married
in-home childcare
fleurcup ftw
Wait I missed something, what is a racist shrug?
Lol
Thought of that too, cooch. I'm like... breaking out in hives-type allergic to dogs :(
he can set boundaries and limits on how you spend his money even on things like groceries 
but yeah, if he's earning the money and asking you to stay home as a homemaker, it's important that you're talking about money together.
And that's fine.
I didn't see you because you weren't smiling Lonny_Z it's like I have to spell everything out
I think it's when you shrug racist like
^^
and that
But I'm taking that into consideration when deciding whether or not I stay home, per his preference.
My friend used to walk dogs. He would charge $60 per dog per week. So having three dogs was 180/wk with minimal work 
Lol wtf
Yeah, y'all need to sit down and get a game plan together.
Sick burn
My bf's mom has her own dog walking business. It's good money, for sure.
You shrug to display your contempt for inferior races
blowing++
why are twox obsessed with period
how do you start a dog walking business?
that sounds fun
The sub?
You could do call center work, maybe? Don't some of those people work from home?
rapeler, you get a website and some flyers and tell your friends
https://twitter.com/akarlin88/status/692472152646361090 ayy
idk. Maybe. I haven't seen any of those posted.
I'd also probably kill myself. lol
So Bardo mentioned to me that "all the ladies on IRC" hate me  - that true?
haha
Freelance writing is a possibility.
cuz I don't hate you/them
Craft things to sell on Etsy.
Odesk is good for freelance writing 
I don't have anything against you
I don't hate you
I don't even know ya!
Oh? I'll have a look at Odesk.
a reminder that all countries have very distributed authority, and you are only as free as the cops are happy with you anywhere 
don't take what bardo says to ehart
*heart
Crafting things requires investment up front for materials, which isn't something I'm in a position to do right now.
You may have to do a bunch of small jobs to scrape some cash together.
Not to mention a business plan to make sure the thing actually turns a profit.
I feel like modern feminists have a period obsession. They use it to fuel their bittereness.
lifterofthings: Elance too
is period blood bitter? 
I think it's just fun to talk about period stuff with your girl friends sometimes. because you really can't talk about that stuff most of the time
I've considered transcription.
with your SO or whatever
I really liked Fiverr, which is just where you do pretty much anything people are willing to pay you for for $5 a pop.
Maybe that could work.
it's nice to have women to relate to
I'm pretty bitter that I menstruate 
Wow. People on here are working for $4/hr.
lol
and people who've found the cup just tend to get a little evangelical about it
That's good to know :-)
I can't even picture how it works
vampiresquidina: I talked some shit
The cup
I'll explain it in ppdfemales
:P
I make $3.63/hr + tips bartending 
Thanks lol
DG69: you insert it like a diaphragm
Oh
Yeah. I live in a pretty expensive city.
blowing: It was you!!  
watching crimes of passion its actually interestign how online pornactually cleaned up the cities
Like, poverty line around $24k annually expensive
I've been found!
Lol
coochquarantine, lifterofthings , odesk has changed to upwork now, it's shite
vampiresquidina: I don't hate you but I won't lie I said some things
(and elance too
they merged)
Yeah, that's where I ended up.
Gotcha
I unfortunately can't compete with $4/hr in the Philippines.
I'm glad you're here though
I can go work at McDick's for more than that.
blowing: at least you're honest
I also hate MRP
vampiresquidina++
you can compete with 3rd world people on lots of things
eg native english speaking, being in a good time zone for phone chats, etc.
Well I still vote dog walking lol
me and you had fights
but thats not hate
lol
on the flip side vampiresquidina I'm blue pill
man mrp
Fucking MRP
i never thought id hate it
lol
AtlasB: yes, we did! Lol
What about transcription work?
I had a friend that did that
Yeah, that's something I'm looking into.
If you speak another language, translation pays great
vampiresquidina: I only followed your story from afar and talked behind your back because I WAS RAISED RIGHT.
Not well enough to translate, unfortunately.
blowing: nice lol
Well, I could probably do French to English. The other direction would be tough
All joking aside
yes
oooo is today catty day?
I don't doubt at all why you're ripshit
blowing you have to watch this movie
yes
That was the all joking aside comment
That I get a lot of what you were saying
Just a few of your deliveries were cunty
I don't begrudge that tho
it did seem like your H blew up your marriag efor no reason
I enjoy a little cuntness myself
MRP is supposed to be for certain sctructural attraction problems
i was going to say...you don't like how I said it
Well
More like
I am a hypocrite
yeah, he pretty much did
Who doesn't like it when it's at my friends
But enjoys it when my friends do it to others
So like now that you're here
And we are friends
there was plenty of cuntiness to go around
I'll enjoy watching be cunty to people
And laugh
There's probably work for that!
yeh lol
cool! A license to be as cunty as I want 
And I imagine it would help with going the other way
yay
Are things ok with y'all vampiresquidina
I have seen the latest
Haven't
I'm just rusty in French. :p I can understand people but I don't have the fluency in terms of responding anymore.
I dated a guy who's first language was french, so when he talked in his sleep, it was always that
It's calm...we haven't started counseling yet, but we're not fighting all the time, either. We're still pissed at each other, though
That's hot
Haha, sweet.
Ahh the silent fighting stage
lol
remind me why are you pissed at him and why is he pissed at you?
Yeah, pretty much
When pass the napkins sounds like fuck you
lol
he's a dick, and I'm a bitch
no, he tried to MRP me, and I'm not having it
"Your mother called today. I told her she raised a piece of shit and that you'll call her Sunday."
lol
He got with a French chick (they have the same birthday) and they have the cutest little french toddler. I can't understand a word she says but baby voices in french gahhhhh adorable
He tried to MRP you out of nowhere?
yep
it did seem that way
even from his account
Like just bored one day
he didnt even seem to have any actual complaints
What's this Reddit thing
No, lol
I'll implode my life
HmmMMMmm, I wonder how much this course costs.
normally i wouldnt believe that
lol
In medical transcription
I see a lot of postings for that.
At rates of $20+/hr
blowing watch this movie
Is he normally impressionable?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MwSwxG3D0M
Oh snap
He's very insecure, and thought MRP would fix it
It's terrible being with anyone reading RP stuff when they're new to it.
Is she getting eaten out?
I'll watch it AtlasB !
aZombieKitten> It's terrible being with anyone reading RP stuff when they're new to it.
this is the impression I always get too
My ex was a shitstorm because he was a very new TRPer.
what did he start doing vampiresquidina ?
all those calibration errors
vampiresquidina: so he blames you for being insecure bc you're the nearest target
did he cheat on you or osmething?
problem is, I'm insecure too and he trampled on me, basically
Hard dread for no reason
it seemed like
Yikes
he read RP
his friend got divorced
an dhe preemptively tried to do sstuff
Ohhhh
That's right
being a bully trying to "captain"
like "shes going fuck me ove ri know it!!"
Yeah that's high level insecurity at play
He doesn't feel lovable or like he's enough and is placing that on you
I'm sorry
Yep...and now we *both* feel unlovable or enough
not enough
thanks
we developed an RPW theory
well camille did
that a lot of mrps
ar elow dominance
Do you have a history of co-dependency in your family history or addiction?
and have high dominance wives with low thresholds for dominance
and try to magiclaly make them into low dominance with high threshold
sovernight
blowing: not on my side - his side, yes
That makes sense vampiresquidina
He sounds like he has a lot of codependency issues
It's a family disease
maybe we both do, I don`t know
My unsolicited advice is individual counseling
AtlasB - Bardo told me about that
lik eim high cdominance
but im high threshold too
Co-dependency 12 step
my husband would make mrps blush
yeah, I,m in counseling, and he's about to start
Is also good
but i can tak eit
lol
lol
I don't doubt it, AtlasB
what did he do to dread you vampiresquidina ?
A lot of MRPs seem like weineys
MRP is a cringe-fest
they are
madsci watch this movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MwSwxG3D0M
rapeler: flirting with other women in front of me - very awkwardly , I might add
My wife wants to go to grandmas funeral... Shit test right?
HAHAHHA
yuck vampiresquidina 
that sucks
I'm sorry
That's not nice
I hope you punched him in the balls
I'm sorry i laughed
But
and divorce raped him
yeah, it was so out of character, it was bizarre
and shot his children in front of him
and eveyrone he ever loved
I just picture like some dude in cargo shorts trying to hit on a waitress
lol
I mean at least you witnessed his game
And know
You're safe
lolol
no cargo shorts! More like a nerd trying to be cocky-funny 
blowing++
"I just picture like some dude in cargo shorts trying to hit on a waitress"
My ex.
Grossss
yeah, like a chemistry prof hitting on a cheerleader
hahahah
Yesssss
OMG
hey, but i bet he knows his chemistry
I hope just one of his glasses lenses started to fog
he's cute to me, but...
Of course vampiresquidina
Sorry
that's OK! He's not a vag-magnet
i like that about him
how old are you both?
did he have experience before you married?
like your men easy, eh? ;)
mid-30's
It's just like seeing your own H who just stunk up your car with stale farts try and be hot is like seeing a cat in a tuxedo
lo_andbehold, i did the same with a ukraininan! russian sleeptalking was hot.
AtlasB: 2 serious gf before me
well at least thats something
yeah...I wasn't super-experienced either
7:14 PM <vampiresquidina> i like that about him
so did you settle then?
It's probably more like you like that he's not a cunthound
SMS: no
blowing: yes
well if he married her not a cunt hound, becoming one is a bait and switch 
Exactly
I wouldn't marry SP if he was a cunt hound so he better not turn into one after we're stuck together
witzie: yes!!!
life has a way of baiting and switching on you
That's the thing that I'm seeing a lot tho
people change over 10-20-30yrs
listen to old ladies
he is (was) awesome in a way that I need/want and maybe most other women don't
Dudes change behaviors a lot after marriage and women gain weight/slob out and then both get pissed and resentful
Yep
like what ways vampiresquidina ?
you think when all marriage slasted for life ppl didnt change
they always do
he's smart and educated as hell, funny in a cute/nerdy way, loyal to a fault, quiet and gentle most of the time
True but I don't think that's the type of changes she means
It's fascinating 
he's awesome in bed, which I guess all women want lol
One of those endearing little quirks
I don't get it then
He's getting sex
he's an introvert
And you like it
he sounds like a good guy
So stfu
Like why complain to MRP?
thats what no one got
I haven't been following your posts very closely so I don't really know what's going on
he didnt even deny that
just the general gist
yeah, that is weird
gotta love it!
what did he even complain about?
I thought MRP was just an extension of dead bedrooms pretty much
it's like he just found a new club that he wanted to be part of
a lot of the mrps were like, uh your gorgeous wife is still banging you??
but... it's a self help club
7:22 PM <AtlasB> a lot of the mrps were like, uh your gorgeous wife is still banging you??
he has a dad and older brother who are super alpha womanizers
Right?
and doesn't want to be like them, but he grew up feeling less masculine
i think it's the "road map to being a good man" thing
about MRP that drew him in
But the funny thing is he's the one getting ass on tap
What are you looking at lifterofthings ? Link?
yep, and it's a pretty nice one, if I do say lol
mrp isnt about being a good man, its fo rmen with structural attraction issues with their wives
Like he has what these guys are bitching about
I wouldn't call rp something that turns people into good men
at all
It's a school/company called CanScribe.
it turns them into men who get what they want (allegedly)
=/= good
do you have kids vampiresquidina ?
It's basically grammar training plus medical terminology
well, they talk a lot about 'family alpha" and leading your wife and shit
Ah
It's $4000 tho, so I don't think I will be doing that. :p I'll just plug away with the office admin stuff.
7:24 PM <AtlasB> mrp isnt about being a good man, its fo rmen with structural attraction issues with their wives
they also talk about cheating on their wives
Then he's being fully retarded
thats the absolutle latest stage of dread
You should ask Reddit if the company is legit
their marriages ar edead
sure
an dthey dont want divorce raped
That's for women who need that to get into bed
yes, we have 2 kids - one of each flavor
or to lose their kid
4:24 PM <AtlasB> mrp isnt about being a good man, its fo rmen with structural attraction issues with their wives
but mrp =/= good men
Interesting what's structural attraction?
I haven't heard that before on trp
I'm not judging them for it, but it's a different animal
redpill claims to improve men's lives
that's why men are drawn into it
If you're already attracted to him then..... Problem solved
if he didn't feel like something was lacking in his life, he wouldn't have went to MRP
It was his friends life
That scared him to MRP
"something missing in your life" doesnt' necessarily mean your wife is fucking up, though
it's not "structural attraction" but "structural attraction issues" i think
It sounds like anxiety
it might mean you need to go out and fix your shit
i dont know what these are, though
become more fulfilled
Like be attractive
Would be an example
i presume "structural issues" are ones that can be fixed by TRP
Ah I see
The dudes who are being gross
lol kathleen turner "look, if you think youre going to get into my panties again forget it, theres one asshoel in there already"
They teach them to not be gross
He felt my "SMV" has always been higher, felt insecure, and didn't want to lose me or feel like he was pussy-whipped because of it
AtlasB - lol that's an awesome quote
So instead of losing you outside of his control he orchestrated it himself
watch the movie
He has anxiety
You know I've never known my color. What is it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MwSwxG3D0M
maybe he felt like you were dominating him in the relationship
For me it's just black.
filozof: he's getting banged
A lot
By his own account his wife is hot
maybe you didn't make him feel like a man
I was leading, I guess
and he felt emasculated
getting banged doesnt have much to do with dominating the relationship
i'm not defending him
I don't think it's vampiresquidina
just trying to explain
He grew up feeling emasculated
Unless she's also his sister
She wasn't there
If he felt emasculated, he did it himself...I'm just keeping shit together
That's the thing is he's not owning his shit
a lot of men do emasculate themselves
my dad did it
my moms a real cunt tho
Lol
she needed punche dmore
plus, I'm definitely the bottom, sexually, so there's that
I love your mom
Shhh
vampiresquidina: are you still active then?
have a great day ladies.
do you guys know each other irl?
Or dead bedroom
A few know a few
I've met a few people irl
we're mostly just good internet friends
one big weird irc family
AtlasB: is our mom
yah
I mean blowing and AtlasB
big momma
6:13 PM <blowing> Architect:
Yes?
no we just talk a lot lol
90% breaking up genuinely crap relationships, though.
blowing: define success madam
vampiresquidina: tell him he and I are in a fight
What are we talking here
protopill btw you're green just like blowing
aZombieKitten: that's true
what's the issue by the way, are you blaming TRP for destroying your marriage?
Architect: I'm staying in Vegas
And PPDBot 
And
I don't have the link to the post handy,  but I can bring it back later tonight
Loool
DG69: I'm green really? Hmm
The night
Was amazing
So many things
You met a young man named Enrique who taught you how to love again?
My sparkles were on point
vampiresquidina: was it a while ago
what's our record protopill ? i dont recall
Sure we'll call him Enrique
what's operation sparkly top?
Lol OK, interesting
filozof: for saving relationships?
Pretty damn bad lol
what are the examples?
Is he the chaddliest of Chad's?
i know of blowing
Saving? 0, iirc.
filozof: Mexicans
That one turned out bad
Breaking relationships, 10/10. :D
hahaha
He'll probably be poisoned
How Blowing Got Her Groove Back
protopill: yes, and there were several
In a few weeks
We also have az
i heard about enfuego or something like that
That one worked out
Blowing yeah tell us about your blacked out night
Define worked out for me.
Lol aZombieKitten
I gotta go, guys...I'll try to come back later
we broke up DG too
ok, see you later vamp :)
Night vampiresquidina !
Oh I didn't know that madscilove
That's true lol
if i ever come to this chat asking you to help me
I mean, I do have a new dude in the hangar now, though. :p
i know its messed up completely
I was saved
:D
By the irc
filozof: take me out of relationships working out column
DG69++
filozof: lol
irc saves!
Oh god it's moving so fast
Thad
What
Chad
Said
blowing: yeah, your relationship seems to be moving fast for me :P
Lol
I want to party with blowing
Sooooo badly
DG69: first weekend in March
New Orleans
I want to party with all y'all
i want to party with you
I got a suite at a 5 star
I think it'd be a great party
In the French quarter
in san francisco
blowing I'm going to visit miami sometime
Fuck yeah
maybe next summer 
we should hang
if anyone ever comes to hawaii, hit me up!
we'll do beachy things and chill
Oh man Hawaii
I love it there
witzie: yessss! Bienvenidos a Miami!
Which island?
Beach hut and chill
oahu
Lol Architect
Nahhh madscilove I'll pass
Architect++
What?
Oh shit the one with all the people on it
.reload
:P
whatever bot
Lol
Ok
Thx people
I changed some stuff around
you can come to poland too :P
You can vouch people out of autokick
DG69 I went to Fremont
we could meet with carkudo
You can also delete vouches
get him laid
And the rest of the night that I can remember should be in PM
LOL
maybe we could finally do something good for someone
Well, I'll either be in FL or Cali soon enough. I hope.
You can give and take karma at any time as a mod
4:39 PM <filozof> we could meet with carkudo
Lol
medical and legal is a good career
Poor dude
I want to hire a prostitute for him
No protopill I have it covered
Drok delete vouches?
aZombieKitten: for what?
I'm visiting him on my incel tour
Hahhaa
Grad school, fiat
4:39 PM <aZombieKitten> Well, I'll either be in FL or Cali soon enough. I hope. ---> with those two choices, how could you not choose CA?
Yeah
DG69: you're doing an incel tour?
That's very nice of you
awesome aZombieKitten
you can take medical transcription classes online iirc
which schools did you apply to
" <protopill> DG69: you're doing an incel tour?"
its quite a bit o learn and yeah its not cheap
drok: I'll rephrase.,, what's a vouch?
SerNemesis me and carkudo
Oh really
filozof: perks up
.vouch blowing
ooh hey blowing
I mean she can fuck SerNemesis like today
Whoa
Hmmm
I vow to buy a poutine for anyone one who comes to see me
They live in the same city
So...
.tell blowing usdaprime23
SerNemesis: hi!!!!!
That's not correct
i was going to do that when we first moved here bc i had worked in dental billing for a few yearsbut landed an admin job instead that i like quite  a bit
.tell blowing usdaprime29
THATS MY GIRLS!!!!!!
Ahhhhhh
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42tllp/fr_i_took_full_control_of_my_reproductive_rights/ This bummed me out
I'm famous!!!!!
DG69: but isn't carkudo in like Russia lol?
I have 4 primes now!
Counting the twins as 2
filozof: where are you at again?
SerNemesis++
i'm in poland
Oh damn
Well
Poutine?
yeah, pretty far
SerNemesis: is definitely getting fucked
Cause they are in the same city
.reload
i'd like to see dg and others though
Where's not
But you and Carkudo
Idk man
Bot
Fuck
Putin?
.vouch blowing
Hahaha
What are you doing to me with that Drok
.vouch Drok
.reload
Are you deleting me?!
.vouch blowing
protopill SerNemesis isn't incel and I don't meet his standards
.vouch blowing delete
and im being colored by ppd weirdos
really?
.vouch blowing delete
Lol
i guess no one knows yet
.vouch blowing delete
blowing: ah, probably can't go in the next 6 months
too much to doooo
What's going on in the 2nd half of feb?
.vouch blowing
there's so much that guys have to work on to find  a girl, especially mentally
I get where they're coming from. Reproductive rights for women is something society obsesses over but nobody seems to care about men's rights in that arena.
.vouch blowing delete
What's the vouch do tho?
if its a cool people meetup and there's headtime i can fly in
.vouch blowing
Ok
only for cool people though
Which is fucked up not only from a financial perspective, but from the devaluing of fathers perspective.
I think everything else should work
I'm out then
Blowing?
Vouch?
Lol blowing
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42tllp/fr_i_took_full_control_of_my_reproductive_rights/czdmorx
lol
Drok what's the vouch do?
If blowing's out I'm out
mom mode active
Dads are important. I can't imagine what sort of loony basket case I'd be now without my dad.
as long as you don't have the soccer mom sunglasses
madscilove comeeeeee
OMG I might
What's soccer mom sunglasses look like?!
There's a meme...
If DG69 is out then I'm out
DG69: next time I'm in the bay I'll totally look you up
we'll be drunk girls together!
YAY
Can confirm, didn't have a dad, is a basket case
It vouches blowing
It's like "I thought a vasectomy would prevent pregnancy! All it did was change the color of the baby"
SMS: what's soccer mom sunglasses look like
drok: I feel really dumb right now
lol!
I'm going to delete everyone out of vouch
Is it like being jumped into a gang?
Since we don't kicklurkers anymore
hehe
My dad was a basket case, I turned into an attention whore
We don't even let lurkers in
So yes it is
blowing: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/5f/5e/6a/5f5e6af9191bc7f04e1264870a04ddf4.jpg ?
Lol SMS
I wear Kate spade aviators
I'd probably be a self-loathing people pleaser now if not for my dad's influence.
hi bearhat
>_<
He was the one that pushed me to have dignity :p
who are you? 
its me bearhat
16:49:45 <@madscilove> when's this meetup?
we can adjust
SMS https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/OaEGhTx0/IMG_1733.JPG
meh my dad didn't play a big role at all.  i don't even think I love him
maybe do a third meetup when you visit again
aviators on a girl = fairly soccer mommish
sweet
Everyone should just come to Vegas
Flights are cheap
Asians are abundant
oh cool, you adjusted the bot to kick after one min?
It didn't kick though
Just banned
SMS: fair enough, I'll enroll my kid in soccer forthwith
Maybe I need a reason
hey guys I ned a new TV show 
does anyone know a good TV show about someone with a secret life, like Dexter? 
witzie: downton Abbey
Oh never mind
I wasn' a huge dexter fan but I lik etha tkind of drama
Lol
crime and secrets
Downton has secrets
To Catch a Predator
Scandal
whats scandal about?
I kind of lucked out in that department. He was never around, so I've only have the one big disappointment to deal with instead of a lifetime of them
blacklist?
A DC fixer
She fixes scandals in DC for high profile clients
Like a dead hooker is found in a senator's bathroom, you call her.
lol
lo, do you find you are attracted to unavailable men?
There's enough seasons to binge
House of Cards
On Netflix
Some black political consultant who fucked the president
SPOILER ALERT
lol
Has great style
why would the president fuck a black woman
Cuz he's full of feels
I guess thomas jefferson did
nvm
About everything
cause he's married to her
:P
He's not!!
Lol
haha when I was younger maybe a bit
I feel like a lot of presidents fucked black chicks
oh. untimely obama joke
I'm sure Bill been in his share
sry wasn't totally paying attention
http://thechive.files.wordpress.com/2009/12/michelle-obama-ugly-3.jpg?w=500&h=670
oh, ok but for real who's bearhat?
She legit
Idk I think obamas are dead bedroom
Looks like a gorilla there
Her posture
Those blue eyes
http://www.celebritybabyscoop.com/files/2012/06/100817P1_BOMER_B-GR_02-960x1448.jpg
look at this guys face
The man can wear a suit
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e9/72/40/e9724009bfe47a9632f40f431136607d.jpg
oh!
look at that AtlasB 
COME AT ME BOT
I don't een like suits
i dled it!
but damn
i can watch it
neat
Omg
bearhat, who are you?
is that a gay face AtlasB ?
on ppd
https://www.reddit.com/r/femalefashionadvice/comments/42xxcs/top_of_waywt_2015/
I'm finding like 10% of the pictures appealing and fashionable so far.
Wow that is a nice fucking face witz
yeah
just a bearhat :(
no ppd user name?
i love suits
hehe. 
its one of my favorite shows
PPDBot++
It's me
I love men in suits
oh
.karma PPDBot
I'm testing the bot haha
http://i.imgur.com/zsjWRoi.jpg For real?
whoops
Looks comfy 
.vouch bearhat
peopel who told meabout torrents thank you it worked very well
So hopefully it doesn't kick now
can iburn them on a DVD?
why is fucking slovakia able to travel without visa
and poland isnt
you can burn it on a dvd
His eyes are everything  https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/sxDzoodU/IMG_1734.GIF
witzie that guy looks like a gay dorm mate that all my other gay dorm mates had a crush on
But if we remove the vouch it should kick
It has no shape!  Ugh, awful!
he actually did trigger my gaydar
trying so hard to be quirky 
although its probably better to just play it from a pendrive or something
.vouch bearhat delete
Hmmm
There we go
except theres no sound
Nice
who is that gay homosexual
Ok did all the mods get that?
matt bomer
I feel like a gay homosexual would be straight 
with apparently the most perfect face ever
and a straight heterosexual would be gay
Witzie https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/cuwaIfCr/IMG_1735.JPG
It's back down to 1 minute
As apposed to a straight homosexual
blowing your pictures of him suck
With a 5 minute ban
I prefer gay fag
But
You can vouch
he has to have hair
http://i.imgur.com/BohBmeg.jpg
To prevent kick
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e9/72/40/e9724009bfe47a9632f40f431136607d.jpg
like this
I just can't believe these are considered the best of 2015
Until you revoke it?
who can vouch?
http://www.celebritybabyscoop.com/files/2012/06/100817P1_BOMER_B-GR_02-960x1448.jpg
this
and why is it only 1 minute?
I will take silence as understanding
And consent
Dental hygienist gone amuk
thats hardly enough time for a noob to be able to figure out how to auth
also, i dont know who can vouch
Shut up Witzie he's calling me https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/AVF0dHE8/IMG_1736.JPG
is it ops
That's why we have vouch
Any mod can vouch
The good news is my vintage shop on etsy will do well if tacky stuff is in style
ok thats a good one blowing 
AtlasB you think thats a bad face??
I want my camera roll to be all Matt bomer pics
How can I be this guy 
LOOK AT THAT
Ha! 
Aright
It's done then
what if no mod happens to be there
then another nob will be discouraged from visiting
noob*
by a mean bot
That was always the case
We have mods
Around the clock
i'm pretty sure this system is way too harsh on new visitors
Who would answer my 4am mod ping?
Hmmm
some of these outfits are ok until i see the shoes 
Gotta fix that part
Blowing I just keep watching that clip of that guy blinking
He does like the slightest smile
It's glorious
He's hot right?
Dear god
filozof: what time is it in Poland?
I'm going to go watch him blink now too
I thought that, too!
Tokyo fashion is crazy
http://i.imgur.com/bK4NfdK.jpg < Cleaning lady at the hotel look
hahah
Hello
Lol
Hi pixiedelights 
coochquarantine: Is tokyo doing 80's american looks?  Cause I'm seeing a lot of that!
They have a lot of fashion styles. Lolita and himegyraru (sp?) Are very popular
I love him
.reload
DG69: but
I love him too
http://tokyofashion.com/the-gazette-live-tour12-tokyo-fan-fashion/
are mens loafers a thing for women now? i dont get it 
He has the most perfect eyes
he really does
Ok
The hobo clown is also a favorite
I think it's good now
Yeah
.karma
No that's also been a trend. The ferragamo loafers I've seen on women for the past two to three years 
.quote
lol
http://i.imgur.com/fedeNQz.jpg <For the new Grandma
Ok
So new system is set up
Vouch is in place
.ping
Present
Yo?
vouch?
Yeah for mods
To prevent noobs from getting kicked
The manly looking shoes are really weird on girls
.vouch
You can delete vouches now too
Also
It will kick after one minute
And ban for 5
.vouch Architect delete
You can't delete vouches
It was worth a shot
Lol blowing
lol
That's just lazy
cool
torrent ppl my torrent loade dwithout sound
is that jus tbecause its fucke dup
sometimes that happens if I let it open in windows media player
if you left click on the movie file and say "open with vlc" it should have sound
So many of those photos are just weird...also I can't stop laughing at all the 'catalog' posing
The awkward foot pointing in at a weird ankle and the slightly off kilter leg bend
So many of these are frumpy looking
Wow, you're right PhantomDream.  I can see the posing now. 
atlasb you mean your video file loaded without sound right?
It doesn't always bug me, but some of them are trying really hard
or are you talking about how your torrent finished downloading your file but
didn't alert you?
I keep seeing ones with the hips jutting forward
yes madscilove is right windows media player is often behind on the latest codecs
https://i.imgur.com/QqGeuuu.jpg
THAT CHICK
Is bugging me with her poses
just download a VLC player or some other client to play videos
protopill: you can just google "warsaw time"
it's 2:30
Am
Holy balls
or download te right codec but I figure you'd probably want the easier way
I like her http://imgur.com/fpNvYAZ
cccp
quirky but looks like she's just a little out of place and doesn't really want her photo taken
old but has most codecs
The second one is nice.  I tend to do the toes pointing towards each other when I'm feeling shy
Yes
It happens naturally
It's the exaggerated staging
that bugs me
Mine point in if I get tired or am not paying attention. I hate that 
http://i.imgur.com/qXnIjiG.jpg This one will bug you then
I saw one like that I'll see if I can find it
Haha, I remember thinking she must be REALLY short
to have to stand on the chair AND still fit in that mirror
https://i.imgur.com/x9FUrwk.jpg
She has TAMPONS on the floor
Didn't even bother to clean up?
That's just terrible.
And some food thingy.  Ew
https://i.imgur.com/pD1aJ2S.jpg She's cute
Love the way she has that scarf tied
yeh it loaded without sound
the picture is beautiful
it played on windows media
i used to have VLC
imnot actually that computer illiterate lol i used to rip dvds with old codec thingies
i taught myself
i just dont know words
it's too bad a plane ticket from poland to usa and back costs at least two polish minimum wages
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/study-teens-adults-opting-for-porn-less-risky-than-actually-having-sex/article/2581554
Nice!
filozof start walking
oh it has sound on VLC!!
thanks!!
yay joy luck club
i think that people who consider porn to be a good substitute for sex are very different from me
DG69: there's atlantic though
Then you swim
Or make a boat
I'll wait for you on the other side
that would be sweet
would you prefer to wait on the east coast
or the west coast
Well I live on the west
Make this easy for me
i'll have to walk to china 
then swim through the pacific
Sounds good
we should i have to walk so far though
while you would be just chilling on the west coast
instead of going to the east coast for me
i'm not that beta
Hmm I guess you're not
So you are just doing an incel world tour?
Well I was
Now I am seeing if I can get them to come to me
For the party
i'm pretty sure it's not worth it
You're missing out
what exactly?
I'm going to die from all the cute
http://i.imgur.com/sMweZJe.jpg
 axAWWW
witzie "Liberals are just as deluded about the insignificance of race, of course. Their vision of the perfect society requires a population of Danes, not Mexicans. The only part of liberalism Third-Worlders understand is government handouts. Feminism, gay rights, diversity, tolerance, environmentalism, yoga and fruit-juice drinkingyou
dont see much of that in communities of color. But liberals are at least consistent in their madness. They want to change everything, so it is more excusable that they not realize that changing the population makes their kind of change impossible."
Adorable. :3
Squee
they mostly dogmatically believe that all races are equal, so they think that mexicans can live in a progressive and tolerant society just as much as danes can
I'm not a cat person cause I'm allergic but they are so cute on /r/awww
what bugs me though is that they call themselves tolerant people who want multiculturalism
but they probably wouldn't tolerate indians coming and performing sati in their countries
so how can they call themselves tolerant?
That's definitely one of those "I love you but I want to strangle you" moments
Hopefully that wasn't a home-made one of a kind tape 
of an interview with a now deceased relative
or something
because they mean tolerant of ppl of different skin colors who act like tranzis
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-lI4PqEJZQCY/Vqj0WeGNUPI/AAAAAAAAZGE/ESqwY-p0VnE/s1600/Flakage-snow-nail-art-1.jpg
they never meant tolerance
I love nail art
that's why it's retarded when they say they want multiculturalism
when if fact they want all cultures to disappear and become progressive like them
PhantomDream: it was probably a tape labeled Summer Mix -94- or something 
Or Slow Jamz
yes
thats exaclty what they mean
they believ ein human neurological uniformity
and want a rainbow colored  population of reconstructed universal unitarians
i can definitely see how they believe that, but i don't think any of them overtly call themselves that
they believe if you put muslims in sweden
they become swedes
by osmosis
some leftist responded to me "It's like the saying goes - "if you have to ask..."" after asking him to justify his anti-RP views
what's the saying?
filozof if you have to ask you'll never know
link
thanks DG69 
it's a pretty stupid attitude to have towards people who disagree with you
i found one of my fave films thats not on DVD 
at leas tin US
how do they have it?
it must have been released at some point i guess
what film is that
yeah filozof, i think its meant for when something seems really obvious to a person 
and they cant grasp how others would disagree
pretty stupid yes
i guess TRP is not respected enough for intellectuals to think they should engage with it
they think ignoring it is better, otherwise you would be showing it too much respect
i guess its largely because of the inflammatory nature of TRP
I have a hankerin for lord of the rings for some reason 
that guy said that TRP is obviously scientifically incorrect
http://www.shamusyoung.com/twentysidedtale/?p=612
i asked him why
and he said if i have to ask, i'll never know
i guess either i get the fact that women and men are inherently equal, or i'm too dumb to see it
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeew
http://9gag.com/gag/anN94r5
ewwww
right
thats how th eleft thinks
so glad ppdbot gave the summary so i knew not to click haha
their views ar eobvious
lol
an dyoure stupid
PPDBot++
hahahah
hahahaah
its just an xray
but still eeeww
im way too squeamish for that little_red_ 
that's why they so often shame people who disagree with them
i legit had a nightmare from the lice image from the other day
WHO EATS RAW PORK
instead of engaging in a discussion with them
its not even tasty!
6:13 PM <DG69> yeah filozof, i think its meant for when something seems really obvious to a person
ok here 
It's condescending
this is squirrelwhatevers bff
http://9gag.com/gag/aKqxw73
is that a safe link?
oh my
lold
Omg, otherkin!
were you reading irc when temp (i think) was linking squirrelkin
lol
Cupcakekin was my favorite of the kins.
She was actually nice.
neat theres a 50 minute BBC documentary about my favorite movie
if you have to ask you'll never know kind of makes sense to me
like a persont hat thinks she was born a cupcake?
it's not based on logic but faiths
ive never heard of this stuff before
lol
what drok mentioned about fundamental first premises
if a sperg asked without understanding that it's not about logic he won't get an answer that satisfies him
how can you claim to be a rational person if you admit your beliefs are based on pure faith
and can't be explained
i'm pretty sure it's not what those people consider themselves to be
Yeah, she was a cupcakekin.
TiA was so lost on what to do with her.
tbf a lot of them don't claim that their anti-rp sentiments come specifically from a rational PoV
Because she was NICE despite her insanity.
and the ones that do just ask for evidence about what a lot of rpers say
that is fair enough
idk what TiA is ether lol
tumblr in action
the subreddit that mocks sjws and otherkin and the like 
ah
i dont internet enough apparently lol
I'm off to dinner, bye all!
TiA used to be a sub I lurked regularly.
im a allthefoodilovehaszerocarbsandmakesmesuperhealthykin
thats a thing.
unfortunately i was born trapped in this regular human body
Oh and fiat I'll play some slot machines for you, I know they are your fave!
Haha. :D
Ew. :x Someone on my facebook feed posted a photo of their kid standing by their potty, which is full of pee.
i get that you have kid goggles so everything they do is adorable but plsno
Plsno indeed.
they are? you might be confusing me with ecm, blowing
I get posting a nice status about being proud of your kid using the potty properly, but don't post them standing by their own pee. ._.
Sarcasm
gl on the slots though
You and ecm yelled at me for playing the slots
I didn't
I don't care how you enjoy yourself at Vegas
Really?
thats something for a family scrapbook not facebook haah
Oh yeah it was ecm then
as far as I remember I said it was cool that you limited yourself
Well I'm not sharing my winnings with him
Oh that's right!
I found it odd he kept hounding you
It was right?
Gambling does strange things to people
omg going through As old fam photos his mom took one of him as a lil dude sitting on the toilet reading a comic
obv i had to have it
Maybe I will play the tables tonight
Either way
Good night!
later
Yeah, family scrapbook is totally fine for that.
Camille!
how is your hair?
its good i havent measured or anything yet since its only been 2 days
Tanya Harding totally hit Nancy kerrigan knee
yesterday i had an episode of the office playing while i massaged and inverted
ah id be so anxious lol
helped the time go by faster 
i already am and its not even my hair lol
hahaha
This movie is awesome: the price for gold
i purposefully haventbeen checking the length because i owuld get obsessed
lol
understandable
Speaking of which, I am really loving the sulfate-free shampoo & conditioner. Less tangling by far!
Whyyyyyyyy
which one are you using? 
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
https://jet.com/product/detail/a0e29790586440afab725cfa9cdaddf0?jcmp=pla:ggl:jd_health_beauty_a3:personal_care_hair_care_shampoo_conditioner_a3_other:na:na:na:na:na:2&code=PLA15&k_clickid=bbc18cd8-0ee7-4bbc-8402-91a74b7136e3&abkId=403-169769&gclid=CjwKEAiA8qG1BRDz0tmK0pufw3QSJACfn6olD60rtu2sMgPdrck_IOUDd_3K_EQF42ogO7UROJyoFRoCcnzw_wcB This and its companion conditioner
my hair started growing so much quicker when i stopped using sulfates 
Guy from -r-confessions learns a painful lesson about women as his girlfriend dies from cancer, but fucks Chad on the way to the grave. (https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42zpj8/guy_from_rconfessions_learns_a_painful_lesson/)
i really like that brand! i have the argan oil one
ouch
lolwat
i try to only wash my hair 1x a week though and it just feels/looks so much nicer now
I've only done mine once a week so far now. It's pretty nice.
6:48 PM <AtlasB> Guy from -r-confessions learns a painful lesson about women as his girlfriend dies from cancer, but fucks Chad on the way to the grave. (https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42zpj8/guy_from_rconfessions_learns_a_painful_lesson/)
Lol!!!
it's amusing how every post on TRP about women is "a woman did something wrong, AWALT"
i'm pretty sure you could make as many or more posts like that about men
her poor family 
what is that all about
this is the actual post https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42vgpo/support_only_my_girlfriend_cheated_on_me_leading/
it sounds pretty unreal
they had a "perfect relationship" and she cheated on him?
if it's real, it makes me very angry
holy fuck
rofl
I just read it
it reads like cuck porn
Nancy kerrigan is gorgeous wow
cuck porn made real
the rake convinced her over time
and eventually corrupted her
and eventually they were fucking while bashing him behind the OP's back
rofl; if this is actually real then this is even more ridiculous than susandeath's story/link
13 yes dating
No sex
about that woman who became abusive because she was so pissed off about Bernie sanders not getting enoug media coverage
Thats not a relationship 
13 years wow
What
That's awful
man that is so awful that I want to believe it
Lol
What's wrong with a 13 year old dating?
because if someone was going to lie they'd make it more believable
Ooh wait
Misread
Fiat right?
It's insane
13 yrs of dating without sex at all
dude is a monk
Does monk mean moron?
i really need to up my water intake
i only drink about 2-3 bottles a day
aZombieKitten: 
I use that 
But the coconut water
Not milk
Moron mode?
Seems they have different variations. :o
9:58 PM <@AtlasB> 13 yes dating
9:58 PM <@AtlasB> No sex
9:58 PM <@AtlasB> Thats not a relationship 
yeah
OP was probably never much more than an orbiter
13 years of dating and no sex
I don't even feel bad for that guy
that's super stupid
little_red_ when i upped my intake to 12-16 cups a day it was hard at first but now its great! and when i only have a few cups in the day i get soo thirsty
even though before i would have been fine with just 6 cups in a day
Oooo the Alpha Mate Guarding theme song came on!
yep i just need to get a big water bottle and try marking it with hours of the day
http://jewelpie.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/waterbottlemarkedwithtime.jpg
He described the first time she said I love you to him, after he made up a story about his boyfriend and how hard it was to see him leave (turns out he actually dumped the bf for being to clingy) 
wait so this guy is gay/bi?
she cheated on him with a gay man?
this story is bizarre
if that story is real, i would gladly chase that woman to hell and torture her
filozof: hahahahahahah
I loled so bad
I should get like a jug of water or something.
Lol
troll post
wait he's 24 yrs old
oh hours of hte day is a good idea
ok the no sex thing is slightly more believable
i used the huge fiji bottles when i was training myself
super beta though
and refilled them and had deadlines for when they had to be finished
Lol 24?
Hahahahaha
they wanted to wait until marriage
sounds believable
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42zpj8/guy_from_rconfessions_learns_a_painful_lesson/czedonj
I agree with this
i think im gonna do that
what cancer patient near death kisses a near stranger with their family waiting out in the hall?
or would have the energy for it
i usually drink coffee throughout the day then have water at lunch and later
also, a "gay" guy? come on
wait until marriage then cancer got in way
being a good beta boy he didn't ask for sex while she was sick
yadda yadda
"And the guy taunting him at the end? Even a hard DT wouldn't go that far because he would gain nothing from it except an enemy."
i disagree with it
"You're about to die anyway. Might as well we do some deplorable shit."
some people like taunting others
"Put it in my butt."
filozof I agree
mostly I was linking it for the cancer part
yeah, it probably wouldnt work like that
people with cancer don't do well towards the end
i hope its not real
its easy now because we dont have anything in the house besides water and alcohol so you pretty much have to drink water
filozof why would he care
he was dying too
im sure it's real. People do things like that all the time
coffee takes 20 mins to make, tea is less time but still not instant
that guy was a cancer patient too? i didnt read the whole story
why do you think its real architect?
supposedly he was a gay cancer patient
lol
she was dying. decided "fuck my beta"
did you read the whole thing?
gay cancer - aka aids?
it makes very little sense if you read all of it
no, i didnt read the whole thing
just a sensational title with a lot of bullshit stuffed inside
why would i torture myself reading it?
yeh
there was one time recently though that M and i were craving soda so badly so i broke into our apartment's pool ot use the vending machine haha
cancer patients can do weird things
chemo brain
yeah we just have water and oj (for A) here but i need to make a habit of drinking more
sounds to me like he was orbiting a girl 
filozof: because the title makes it sound plausible
lol
my parents both get it from time to time
for years
but the rest proves otherwise
AtlasB yeah
after chemo
i cant drink soda anymore since i ahvent had it since i was a little kid
he wasnt orbiting her
they were kissing
spending time together
thats not orbiting
he sounds like the girl who was a plate for years but thinks they're in love
i could probably do ginger ale or soemthing but not coke
they were probably planning for marriage at some point
10:20 PM <@AtlasB> sounds to me like he was orbiting a girl 
10:20 PM <@AtlasB> for years
ding ding ding
its stupid to call it orbiting just because they didnt have sex
no sex after 13 years? not a relationship
lol "orbiting"
Definitely not a relationship.
10:21 PM <@madscilove> he sounds like the girl who was a plate for years but thinks they're in love
yeah
he asked her to marry him did he not?
even if we only count when they wre adults
lol he may have been an orbiter but she obviously knew
men do way more than kiss for years
18-23
5 years
fuck no
but it doesn' tmean anything
she mouthed "I'm sorry" to him
that's not a relationship
when she was caught in the act
fiat: sure, she probably knew he had feelings for her
he proposed after all
either OP is lying or he's not an orbiter
that whole story just doesn't make any fucking sense
she had feelings for him too
how did the gay man get his email address?
it's so obvious he wasnt an orbiter in any way
oh he even proposed? he's not an orbiter. he's pussywhipped but at least not an orbiter
ok, where's the original article?
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42zpj8/guy_from_rconfessions_learns_a_painful_lesson/
I demand anyone who's going to comment on this read it start to finish
because the impression you get from the title and the article are vastly different
13 years
datingwithout sex
thats not the original article
I'll do it later. I hate reading Great Walls of Text on iPhone
i wouldn tbelieve a woman telling a similar story
and i dont believ ehim
it's the original with RP commentary at beginning and end
hurts my eyes and I already have a headache and already look Chinese without squinting
AtlasB: yeah
ok, here I'll pull out the more retarded sections
tnx
it's entirely possible that the twin sister has feelings for him
"We have barely seen each other face to face for the past 4 years and I thought she was getting thinner because of the stress of college or because she has always pushed herself physically but I bet that if I was with her more I would have made her check it out sooner."
he didn't see her for 4 YEARS
that's not a relationship
i'm pretty sure they used to be in a relationship
maybe they weren't so much recently
barely seen face to face
LTRs can be like that
yeah, LDRs are a thing too
I mean I'm no fan of LTRs but I know enough people
We were both attending college (I was in Massachusetts where our families lived, she was in Washington D.C.)
it depends on what they were saying between each other
who were in LTRs who weren't seeing each other
face to face
very often
7:26 PM <fiat> I mean I'm no fan of LTRs but I know enough people
calling him her orbiter is just so stupid
I didn't know this about you
if he says they were in a relationship then they surely were
she was probably telling him she loves him
I meant LDRs protopill
I like the little flavored drink packets for water bottles.
planning forthe future
Oh lol
iPhone autocorrect
I've used LTR acronym in past but not LDR
to iPhone autocorrected
"Remember that gay guy? He was snuggled up next to z. Hand in hand. Lips on lips. She looked so frail and weak but she was kissing him back I could tell."
she probably didnt have a relationship with anyone closer than she had with him
sometimes ijust miss the carbonation 
"When I proposed to her and we talked about sex, she confided in him again saying she wanted to do it but she didnt want me to break my morals. He said, being gay, it wouldnt matter to him so they ended up doing it that day after I proposed."
all these LDRs are a joke
^
people fooling themselves
lol madscilove that part is what stood out to me
and made me laugh
"Her mom said at this point she still loved me and not him."
was like reading cuck erotica
why is this girl's mom telling him about her daughter's relationship with another man?
oh, because it furthers the plot of this fiction
that's why
if I was him, i'd get together with her twin sister
supposedly the gay man told him most of it
sounds like she's into him
through email
that might be a nice love story
because fuck OP FEELINGS LOL
no this part is from the mom
"The mom and sister filled me in on everything They called me nearly 100 times before I finally picked up. This is the general overview:"
allegedly
" But he was dying and she was dying and they could share heaven together and always love each other. She kissed him. But then had to end the passion to me when I came to bring her some goodies that I picked up from work. "
really, chick's mom told you that? 
bullshit
"I opened up my inbox from the email I used to use but stopped because it was an inside joke between me and z. And I looked through all the spam but I found this message written by the guy that he must have sent before he died (he did die, I checked)."
how did gay man get his email?
who told him gay man died?
I'm no fan of LDRs but one of my closest friends and ex roommates married a girl he was separated from for 15 years
the hospital workers just obligingly gave a stranger his death info?
this whole story is bullshit
FIFTeEN YEArs
he wasn't pining or longing for her but I mean like he kept contact and later met up and decided to marry
cross the globe relationship
yeah
that relationship definitely sounds believable
yeah that does sound bs madscilove
thanks for summary
np
madscilove++
ok, im done
this is  a weird story, but nothing in it sounds entirely unrealistic
one last thing: how are these people regularly boning in a hospital?
other htant he family chilling outside while she gets it on
yeah
you have tons of alone time
in a hosptial
oh wait. I read that wrong
I'll still buy a cheap pitchfork and set aside some money to hire filozof in case it becomes more realistic with more info
I think it all sounds unrealistic
haha
he'll keep muh rage going strong
every post on reddit is fake to you guys though
I'm too sick for that right now
I actually believe most of them
People are just weird
this one is a straw too far
lol
so 
this girls' behavior is too accurate
for a man to have written this
if a troll wrote that post, i'll kill him too for violating my trust
either way, i'm enraged
my biggest problem: the other man having his email address
the only way for him to have it is if the girl gave it to him
Z was written in exactly the way a woman would behave and conduct herself if she was actually to do that
and since she was trying to hide it, why would she do that?
A said he wanted to get a "theracane" because we both have back pain sometimes and we will give eachother massages etc but i guess it only does so much. i google wth a theracane was and no i comletely cant take him seriously
http://www.allegromedical.com/images/products/theracane6.jpg
she's 21
she's not a brainiac
cheaters don't want to be found out
and as far as she was concerned
But...
But what does it DO?
actually that part isn't unbelievable
there's no reason for him to suspect a thing
you wouldn't give your AP your SO's contact info
he could have gotten it many other ways
now that you pointed out the girl
maybe social networking
lol i guess its just something youre supposed to put ona trigger point
maybe they friended and the bi guy saw her contacts
I'd believe it if he said fb message
And pull?
or osmething
idk
or saw a CC
lol
What is this strange contraption?! lol
i ask him to punch me in the back sometimes
he will do it for like 30s and it hurts so good
lol
a CC in an email . I mean I still doubt it but it doesn't need her to explicitly give it to bi guy
then i accuse him of being a wife beater and tell him im calling the cops
what about the late stage pancreatic cancer?
Wow this show
what about it?
are we really believing that she's gleefully having all this sex with someone while dying of a wasting illness?
sure
if she is really that fucked
she probably didn't even go through much chemo or anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4o7w3iOV_WM
this woman has two months left to live
frankly I mainly read it for laughs because it was linked. I have no real thoughts about her
this is what cancer patients look like
the amount of energy they have at the end
you can absolutely have cancer, and look pretty ok, and die very suddenyly
this is the same cancer that the girl inthe post had
you don't have to look like Skeletor
bullshit thing on the internet is bullshit
!next
hm
pancreatic cancer is nasty
ah so the girl had pancreatic and the bi guy had melanoma
clearly the "least hot" of cancers
lol "Beat me so I don't hurt so much!"
what was the guy thinking
meeb++
lol
lol
it really does work though, im sure its not the best way but
meeb--
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RY0-dpnF4bg
or il have him stand on me to crack my back
there is no Cancer market value
but the he doesnt get off and i cant breathe
lol
this is a guy who lived 2 weeks after diagnosis
he looks quite normal
so many it depends
we've reached a new low, guys
maybe*
we're watching videos of end of life cancer patients
to figure out if a post on trp is bullshit
you just hear a breathless "baaabeee nooooohhhh"
Oh, I had my ex do that before. Just basically stomp me. Hurts so good.
.karma meeb
meeb?
My entire back cracked in sequence. It was great.
i think your example is a woman already in bad health
architect I don't doubt that someone in her position could do this. extraordinary circumstances and all
yasss
Until I, too, was having trouble breathing.
lol
this guy was a firefighter
looks pretty good still
but I can't really care or condemn
I can condemn; dying or not, she's still an assclown
hmm. ok, yeah that guy seems to be in better condition
I can understand it though
having 6ft 200lbs on your back is super wonderful until it isnt
It's like looking at those gifs of chiropractors almost breaking people's necks.
lol
i remb when i went to my chiro once and he did a neck crack "i cant feel my toes!"
he didnt think it was as funny as i did
lol
That's great. :D
i want to try acupuncture but hnnnnnnnnnnnng
Oh god, I do, too, but then Final Destination messed me up. lol
thankfully i havent seen that one 0,0
You missed that one?
Oh, it was great. It wasn't the acupuncture that got him.
That's what made me so mad.
lol
It's never what I'm expecting it to be.
top comment on trp: "I swear, these troll stories are getting worse and worse"
"yep, pancreatic cancer, a few hours left to live, and she's sexually kissing a gay guy on her hospital deathbed. What next? Valkyries descend and take her to Valhalla?"
i hae one of those little electrotheraphy thigns at home but i think it tickles more than anything
I find it really meta that TRP doesn't believe posts that support their narrative. 
Oh, interesting. :o
TRP isn
streatching has definitely helped but i wish i could afford to just get a deep tissue massage like
weekly
lol
TRP isn't as stupid as people make it out to be
Apparently my new potential partner likes to give massages, so we'll see. lol
You could try a foam roller little_red_.   It's the poor person's massage
it's not really about stupid
it's about objectivity
Yay aZombieKitten!  That would be nice!  We have a massage table and often give each other massages
Oh, I've heard good things about foam rollers.
yeah i was thinking about getting one of those or A suggested a lacrosse ball or something
im just afraid of buying a foam roller that ends up feeling like a pool noodle
I have a lacrosse ball, too.  They are nice - I stand against the wall with the ball between me and roll around
Great for the butt muscles
I used to have this black foam roller that hurt too much to use.  So this time I bought a soft one http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00JREBZLS?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o09_s01
i just want A to beat the knots out of my lower back
lol
thanks for the link kitten
i want to make sure to get something worthwhile
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42ynx5/im_attracted_to_women_who_are_so_fat_that_they/
Lol witzie
Where do you find these
women get all the luck
WingN do you like the clash or the sex pistols? 
r/confession is usually a very enjoyable subreddit
you can read about the craziest things humanity has to offer
people write that shit because they're anonymous
I wouldn't call it enjoyable
I'd call it faith-destroying
why is it faith destroying
who cares what he likes. he's not competing with you unless you also like people so fat they can't even walk anymore
haha
it's a shrine to horrible people, stupid people, naive people, borderline retarded people...
true, people there admit to things they wouldnt normally admit in real life
because it's too shameful
some of the stories at least, some aren't that bad
I liked the sex pistols 30 yes ago
The clash are overrated leftist hacks
I liked the buzzcocks
The saints
The damned
I've yet to read something on reddit that made me think "I now have no faith in humanity"
i like that particular post
Vice squad
Xray spex
less competition for good looking women for me
The damned are my fave '77 punk band 
i stopped being able to read it for a while
it was too much
Cool! 
I don't even understand "faith in humanity"
I got a whole bunch of music from a white friend in high school that introduced me to these bands
And it's interesting to go back and read about them as and adult
I do; at least my own. it just has to Do with knowledge and tech advancement
Look up the damned love song
like reaching our greatest potential as a species. I thought that's what most people meant but now I'm not sure
The stranglers 
I'm listening to that now!
I love Dave vanian
Grimly fiendish
Eloise
Smash it up
New rose
my "faith in humanity" just boils down to: are there enough good people that I don't have to associate with the shitty ones?
am I misunderstanding something or are madscilove and ecm basically saying the same thing
we are
we are
I'm confused
I'm just saying it goes without saying
and I wrongly assumed that because you were saying it, you needed some convincing
ah, I get it
if you come from an angle of "humans are just animals and we have no reason or need, nor should have any desire to be any different or better" it kind of dulls the entire human experience
imo
See the Revenant? 
having a mind allows you to do things normal animals CAN'T
yes
and change your behavior to suit your beliefs
but you can't ignore that we're still fleshy meaty animals
and decide right from wrong
I have a lot of problems with that (primarily the river scene, you'd freeze to death)
we're not consciousnesses apart from our bodies. sometimes the lizard brain rules
but the buffalo and bears and all that, real
and I think that's ok
It's great when we're better. and when we're not... well, we're just animals doing what animals do
We're just basically really cool animals.
Sure, but I don't think making factories to kill a zillion cows a day when a million would do for our honest to god consumption is an extension of our biology
I think we're just being douchebags
Meh.
I think it is. food-gathering
resource gathering
Hoarding food is natural.
people make factories for money
for resources
greed is very natural
Our brains didn't really evolve fast enough to realize we're in a full feast world.
Especially since said feast reality is so very new, really, in our existence.
sure, but if my greed requires other things should die, that's something I should use my human brain to access
like hte dentist
who killed Ceil the lion
Cecil
Not necessarily.
that made me mad
You don't HAVE to use your human brain to control your greed.
well of course you don't HAVE to
Aside from that, we make sure we breed enough to make up for the slaughter.
I don't HAVE to obey the laws of my country either
We are trying to save the species of animals that we can.
Architect - it's almost certainly possible now, but like in that Robin Williams movie, would you posit that since we have the technology, why not replace food altogether with nutrient pills?
but you obey the laws because of consequences that keep you from breaking them, right?
Many feel retroactively upset for our older humanity who didn't understand the art of breeding and slaughter.
that's be sick
either natural consequence or legal
i'd want some nutrient pills
I know models that do it
But there is something "human" about liking actual food
Absent apocalyptic scenario, I doubt we will be going to pills exclusively..
well, I wouldn't go that far
you can definitely feel the difference between a food your body was meant to it
and food that was made in a lab
I met somebody who claims to have designed the perfect no nonsense diet 
he eats oatmeal mixed with tuna and vitamins 3 times a day
every day
done it for years 
I gagged
ew
that's a horrible diet...where is he getting his vegetables?
oatmeal and tuna
that sounds disgusting 
Sure, but what sustains you sustains you. We'd prefer the least expenditure for the highest calories.
Ew, oatmeal and tuna?
Those don't go together. D:
ikr
I don't trust that people have identified all the nutrients the human body needs yet
there are still compounds in vegetables that we don't fully understand, iirc
i guess I hold humanity to a higher standard than you guys madscilove 
We still keep discovering micronutrients, iirc.
yeah
switching over to pills from real veg seems like a bad call
unless it's by necessity
like, apocalypse
I try not to press my morality onto others.
your body doesn't take pills the same as vegetables
you get stuff out of eating vegetables you can't copy
in a pill
good thing vegetables are fucking delicious
a lot of rpw husbands never eat vegetables 
lol, some of them are
it seems
all of them are awesome
Cue me and my textural distaste for most veggies.
oh no!
that's terrible
The things feel gross in my mouth. Currently trying to find cooking methods that I don't hate.
I have a love affair with all vegetables.
.context
Leafy greens are the bane of my existence.
cauliflower, brussels sprouts, and brocolli are my favorites
I like most vegetables
typically fried tho
brassicas ftw
or roasted
The feeling of leaves in my mouth makes me want to vomit.
roasted is yummy
I like them steamed too
i used to buy bags of vegetables for lunch
when I was on a health kick
I'll take a good sauteed or creamed spinach, though.
vegetables with butter
totally still counts as healthy.
Kale chips are alright.
We are mapping genomes,  packing nutrients into a pill seems like the special ed class, by comparison
lol, a 200 cal piece of broccoli
I started to hate other forms of potato than french fries less.
i need dip
eating raw  vegetables if pretty rough 
madscilove++
I hate raw vegetables
microwave steaming is ridiculously easy
that's my usual method for weeknights
Brussel sprouts with bacon and caramelized onions is good too
https://www.reddit.com/r/TrollXChromosomes/comments/430104/mrw_i_confide_in_a_platonic_friend_of_10_years/
SMH
yum
#friendzoned
#emotionaltampon
sighhhhhhhhh
#TFWtrpisright
hahah
lmfao
That's a good response, I bet she doesn't bother him with any bullshit anymore
she's too busy being arroused at such sick game
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/431kcz/hi_im_a_slut/
holy shit I can't believe they actually link to this cringefest 
I linked this vid ages ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6CCePrJlaU&sns=em
watch 30 seconds
she does have kinda good blowjob eyes
she'd actually be pretty attractive if she didn't have a bob. 
whats a slam poem?  I'm assuming what feminists do at spoken word shit?
slam poetry is kind of like rap
it can be fairly cool imo
Erm, it's more like a story
that tattoo is prevent her career advancement
not always
Lol it depends architect
"A type of poetry expressing a persons personal story and/or struggle usually in an intensely emotional style."
^That is the definition
Have you been to a poetry slam?
I know a girl who does
where is that definition from Architect ?
I looked up a couple. That one was urbandictionary
I hate slam poetry
ah yes.
That def sounds rigt to me
isn't that... like rap
female rap.
hah
LOL
I mean I guess that would qualify as female rap]
lol
a poetry slam is a spoken word poetry event, usually relatively freeform
fine
you win
it's female wrap
it's not gender or theme limited.
I've seen men slam poetry tho
And it's just as bad
female rap seems so much more feminine than male rap (actual rap)
probably one of the few things in which i'd say monotony makes something more feminine
it's what women have to sing about
8:56 PM <witzie> I've seen men slam poetry tho <--- i have male arts majors who were into theatre and all that, but haven't seen male poetry slam
except in movies
like ... i think it was 21 jump street
god bless that movie
fiat - I heard Missy Elliott today on TBT on the way to work rapping about working it...
male arts major friends*
Where's griddy when you need her
I wouldn't call that feminine...
Minaj is certainly not "feminine"
I've seen male slam poetry, one of the worst I remember was some dude slam poeting about his two gay moms
is she poetry slamming, ecm?
"female rap" is just my new way of calling "slam poetry"
I was responding to "female rap seems so much more feminine than male rap (actual rap)"
ah you missed context, ecm
well, I think I could be forgiven
ya
I thought the bracketed "actual rap" meant it was outside of the context of slam poetry
IDk why it's female rap when there are real female rappers, and male slam poeters, but I digress
I see
yeah i was being facetious witzie
3 fucking bluescreens in a row
but i do think for rap, there are more men than wmoen, and for slam poetry it *seems* thereare more women
than men
am i on some streak?
but admittedly i don't know enough about slam poetry. i don't see it often
Yeah fiat that's prob true
I like rap
Hate slam poetry tho
i dont mind slam poetry. seems like an easy way for a lot of girls to express less comfortable things about themselves
Good to know
it's a bit less culturally loaded than rap, which is useful
pretty much all female things are inferior
female sports, etc.
filozof++
and more performative than poetry
lol
lol filozof 
I do slam poetry
confession
are you a girl?
lol lifterofthings.  Hopefully you survive the truck.
i use PPD as my muse
yes
the prettiest
i bet
i break out into poetry once in a while on ppd. it's one of the easier ways to get random musings out without someone being offended ideologically/politically and demanding evidence/proof
roses are red
violets are blue
madsci's a freak
fiat too
i will not next her sam I am
I will not next green eggs and ham
btw, SerNemesis : https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/42yq7c/deepmind_go_ai_defeats_european_champion_neural/
nice fiat 
this actually took me by surprise. i guess i haven't been paying attention past 2 yrs
whoa holy shit
yeah
we were just talking about it while playing a month or two ago
last i checked they needed handicaps against amateur players
for full sized boards
i thought it would take a few more years , but i guess i thought the same like over half a decade ago
it's all over
the ascent of AI over the human species is only a matter of time
:(
i'll need to look over it when i have time, but i wonder how much of it is relying on heuristics 
one of the commenters reminded me by talking about chess
Slow commentary, but I used to love slam poetry.
neural network
wonder how hardcoded the neurons are
how Go-specific
he's right. the AI we have now mostly doesn't really "play chess"; the AIs we have just are good at analyzing board states
and if a GO AI is using monte carlo tree searches
then it's very likely it mostly relies on analyzing board states
markov chains basically
i mean not much more than markov chains
right
9:17 PM <SerNemesis> how Go-specific <--- yes exactly
how many go-specific heuristics they use
yeah
if it's just heuristic analysis of static board states and scoring them then it's less useful for other purposes. it's still "Specific AI"
rather than "general AI"
right
but if we can have specific neural networks function well
then it's only a matter of time before those are generalized to meta neural networks
yeah, now that will be interesting.
what will humans do once we start getting out-thunk by AI?
SerNemesis: we still have calvinball and seven minutes in heaven
https://xkcd.com/1002/
fiat++
MAO
Oh, Mao brings back weird memories.
yeah
can you imagine a computer smart enough to win at that...
Mao is an awesome game
though i suppose rigorous rules would require some kind of kolmogorov complexity limit to be placed on the rules
We made the most ridiculous rules for Mao.
cause if the rule is too high entropy it could become arbitrary
as you should.
At one point, a friend was getting mad about not figuring out our weird-ass rules, and so we made a rule that we would sing love songs at him whenever he got frustrated after one of us performed a rule.
So it was like a rule on top of an existing rule.
xD
i wonder if genetic engineering or even breeding stands a chance against AI
I suspect not, since you have so much less control compared to programming a computer
yeah and an AI that can design more AIs would be faster at reproducing than natural selection
right
our best bet is to handicap the AIs by forcing them to focus on genetic engineering
lol
you could have thousands of generations in a day rather than a generation every couple decades.
guess that's why some people call real 'general AI' as the event horizon 
a good computer rack now has as many transistors as the number of neurons in a brain
D:
What in gods name is being discussed here tonight
.context
Oh good
I thought it was computers
we were talkinga bout computers, blowing. 
i linked this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/42yq7c/deepmind_go_ai_defeats_european_champion_neural/
and we were talking about artififical intelligence

http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--RoENO3D1--/17gf3pb6vj46yjpg.jpg
this is amazing
runaway evolution of intelligence i imagine
it's weird that you don't feel your brain considering it's a pound and a half
kilo and a half I guess
3.3 pounds
It's weird to think that if I didn't have a brain I would be at my goal weight.
lobotomy!
apparently elephant and whale brains are focused on sensory duties
so they have advanced sonar and stuff
whereas we humans have neurons in cognitive functions
blowing: you only need to lose 3 lbs?
just stop eating for 3 days
lol
I wish! It doesn't work like that for women. If I stopped eating for 3 days My body would gain a pound out of spite
I just need to stop being a pussy
lol
And fully commit
it sucks
To anorexia
loool
bulimia
even better
same great taste
I always thought that was the better option
no inconvenient calories
But after all that eating I was too tired to puke
I'm like ughhhhhhh sleeeeep
puking is highly unpleasant
Right?
It's the worst
i got alcohol poisoning at work once and I puked so much I ran out of stomach acid and food
i was puking vibrant body fluids of unknown origin
Lol at work is the best part of that story
Just Canadian things
had to work the next day
that's how we roll
That's hardcore
I have some hardcore moments
https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/430eog/so_my_friend_did_a_real_dumb_thing_today/czeowfj
im not always a poutine eating stick in the mud
The only pic I have of my H's going away party from Montana is of him hooked up to an IV the next day if you're looking for any one ups tonight
Lol poutine
I always hear it now being shouted as a battle cry in your voice
Like that recording lol
just get preggers
then the baby will get all the weight and when you pop it out you end up nice and small
Hi this is arch And this is my voice *giggle* *unintelligible words* POUTINE!
SerNemesis: yeah I've heard that's how pregnancy weight gain works
loool, unintelligible words
blowing> The only pic I have of my H's going away party from Montana is of him hooked up to an IV the next day if you're looking for any one ups tonight
was i not loud enough?
I can asure you tat can be topped
Well I'm shocked ecm
but that's pretty good
I was shit talking you earlier
Threatening to go play more slots
The way I picture that, is you wake up with no memory and one picture in your phone
Lol
In reality in I woke up to him trying to pee in the corner of our hotel room and he fell over passed out and I called his troops to come get him
OFFICER DOWN
Ha thats not bad
no not really
I got to go back to sleep
I shouldn't be encouraging that, considering 
but thats funny
This is was like ..... 2009
A million years ago
Oh of course, I had to quit drinking for a year due to dangerous close alcoholism.  A lot of mine are pre-2010
He got so shit faced bc his troops were feeding him drinks. He's not typically a huge drinker.
he was a cop?
that explains a lot
Officer in the Air Force
oh. Same thing
i thoughly military?
yeah
His troops meaning the enlisted he commanded
He was being PCS'ed from nuke comms to an intelligence squadron across the country. That's why we were in a hotel. We were leaving the next day.
That's like a dreadful place trip
sounds like*
ha plane trip*
Its hellish getting on a plane hungover like that
It was a 5 day drive lol!
Oh okay
We were driving both cars and a bunch of our stuff from Montana to DC
He was so hungover
Just the first day
But still
LOL
Oh so he had to drive?
At least on a plane you can drink whilst hungover and just pass out in the seat
I hate not having quick access to water...I have to drink this old water
Old water is suspect
Eww
No no no
You just buy a powerade or two after security
Lol
What are you most proud of in your life blowing?
probably beating the odds on STDs
You can't ask a mom that without knowing the answer
clean as a whistle, which is shocking
That's mostly why I asked it
LOL
It's cliche
But my kids of course
To see what you'd say
They are already better people than I'll ever be
i mean, you could have said "that my kids are cool"
"and not assholes"
lol
Architect - I thought your question was directed at me - "what are you most proud of in your life blowing?"
I'll see myself out and go back to Red Eye
Lol
lol, i often confuse you with blowing
of course
blowing> They are already better people than I'll ever be
Common mistake
how so?
My daughter is kind and thoughtful and honest
okay i plan on learning enough languages that if i were sent back in time 2000-3000 years to the middle east i would be able to function
She tells on herself knowing the consequences
And bravely accepts them
Lol SerNemesis 
latin sanskrit sumerian egyptian akkadian aramaic etc.
i'm gonna hold off on greek and save that for last
i've heard it is crazy
Whenever she thanks someone she always says why
Like "thank you for my dress, it's very beautiful and I'm excited to wear it to school!"
She's thoughtful in her words and actions
blowing> They are already better people than I'll ever be
awwww
that's cool blowing 
My middle son who can't even talk yet, he goes over to the 5 month old and kisses him and brings him a bottle.
is she an inspiration to you?
Yes
to act differently?
And she's my overlord
If I do something I've told her not to do she politely scolds me
"Mommy feet down at the table. We are ladies."
that is way too cute
Thanks
Yes Architect they inspire me to act differently in the sense of being the best version of myself
Like I yelled at a driver once who cut me off
hey blowing, see the revenant?
And she says, my teacher told us it's ok to be let down mommy but it's not ok to be mean.
No not yet ecm
Looool
She's quite something
She's only 5 years old, just turned, so she kills me with this shit.
Nonetheless - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuEiMhg0Whw
good dad or bad?
I can't watch a video right now sorry
I'm hiding up in the guest room
Pretending to sleep
ecm: her dad is good or bad?
Is that what you're asking?
in the video
I think he means the video
Oh
Sort
Sorry!
hahaha
he seems like a great dad
that was really cute
I love seeing men dad-ing
<SerNemesis> i'm gonna hold off on greek and save that for last
it gives me such warm fuzzies
Yeah its pretty crazy
Harder than ancient latin
You have to learn the whole alphabet and get used to small miniscule variations in verb usage
there's a man at my work who is ugly as sin
Its closer to ancient latin though
all his children are modeles'que
I saw a big tattooed man rocking his infant the other day
so freaking cute
"you know you're reaching baby rabies age when..."
I wasn't going to say anything...
about the rabies?
Lol yyes
I actually really don't want kids right now
but apparently I'm not totally immune
Until you realize...YOU DO
You really do!
haha. I get, like, one bad case of baby rabies per year
Dun Dun dun
then it goes away
fuck, I have so much to do as it is.
I can't even imagine having to take care of a little baby too
So
You're a woman
You can have it all
pffft
not enough hours in the day!
we are still unfortunately bound by the laws of time and physics
As long as your idiot husband can figure out how to do the laundry and take some time out of his football watching to watch the kida
Kids
Ammirite
Ha
lol
I'm going to say it: I really don't trust men with my laundry
And feed em beer
Tis the same as milk
Well there are 3 different ways to do laundry
There's 1.
Throw everything in
2.
Separate colours
3.
3. Just throw it on the ground and leave it there
Actually follow the clothing instructions s
I just separate by heavy things (jeans and big heavy tshirts) and delicate things
and then don't dry the delicate or spandex-y things
Wow
I actually don't like that
Lol
xD
we obviously could never live together arch
you're a color separator aren't you?
Lol. Hmm
Yes
I do colours
I knew it!
:0
Why?
,carrier I'm black?
Cause
idk, something about your personality
it says "color separator" to me
I fucked up today and dyed a white washcloth grey
Aka because I'm black
because I was like "this is heavy it goes with the jeans"
now i wanna know why i seem like a colour seperator
you seem like you have a streak of (not literal clinical OCD but what valley girls call OCD) in you
like you're not particular about everything, but you have certain things that you're very particular about
it just occurred to me that laundry might be one of them
also I secretly think you're a clothing racist
wow
TIL
about myselv
myself
haha. am I way off the mark?
no, that's pretty correcgt
woot woot
although it's more like it's just what my parents taught me
but still...i wouldn't want to do it another way
do you dry your clothes?
see, people never come into ppd for the first time when we have these normal conversations
it's always when we're talking about rape and hitler
yes
my grandma air dries
which is horrific
also, yes. Then they get mad and leave
which sucks for me
vamp said she'd come back
because I need more people who gawk at things
I hope she does
I want to ask her more questions
i thoguht everyone hated her
I haven't interacted with her enough to have an opinion on her personality
and I honestly feel bad for her
Lol I said some of the chat
She was all like I am offended
What?
why? I thought she was not a good person
Read*
I haven't heard of anything bad she's done yet
I never know when people like and/or don't like people on reddit around here
one day everyone shits on them, the next they're in here
now questioningwoman seems like a bad person
and everyone loves um
Questioning woman can eat a fucking big dick
I don't like her
yeah
why aren't we talking about rape right now? 
I want to ounch her
you know, like we usually do?
hahaha
So rape dragoness ?
IG/QW seems like she has actual sociopathy or something
such rape, very non-consensual wow
psychopathic tendencies etc
she just wishes she did
She wont do anything
she brags about her supposed psychopathic tendencies too much
she wants people to think she's dangerous and edgy
She acts like she will belong to the big boys but she wont lol
she's just a bitchy little mouse
yeah
isnt she the one who got her coworker fired?
She is just some edgelord
supposedly?
Yeah
she framed her coworker
and got her fired
I mean, she's definitely a psycho then
because they didn't get along
but like, of the batshit variety, not a sociopath 
but idk vamp just seems like she's having a rough personal life right now
she's only in pill stuff because her life got dragged into it
I have some sympathy for that
ok, so from what i understand
her husband is MRP
and she's viciously against it
I like her I think
no?
Yeah that bard guy
she was in here earlier talking about it
I thought he was a chick btw
she's snarky but with like...for a good reason
it's basically... they had a good sex life and nothing was really wrong
except he's insecure
so he finds mrp and goes hard dread on her
and kind of fucks up their shit
oh yeah, their story an epic fail 
if that's actually what's going on, I can find some sympathy for that
even atlas said it didn't really sound like their marriage was having problems before
even in his account of it
And apperently she was some ex model
dragoness> oh yeah, their story an epic fail 
like a TBP wet dream
So that helps fuel his insecurity
for real mads lolol
yeah, he feels like her SMV is higher than his and it makes him feel anxious
Well
she should understand if she weds a beta and she's a model...
but... she was being nice to him and fucking him
shit's going to go down
she still speaks highly of him
even after all the mrp stuff
I could actually see myself in a similar position given the kinds of guys i date
hm, ok, that's good
idk, Im probably partially projecting here to be honest
I really hate the idea of anyone I'm dating finding trp and deciding to follow that road
<Architect> she should understand if she weds a beta and she's a model... ..... shit's going to go down
I dont think ANYONE could be prepared for their partner to have a totally uncalled for epic meltdown due to things that occurred entirely in their own mind
lol
I mean, he couldn't have had a melt down alone
randomly
this must have been like, an insecurity he's had for al ong time
well no, not with MRP/TRP
*without
sure, but it sounds like it was little more than a mild insecurity 
I think it's very reasonable for a guy who's apparently punching above his league to start panicing
I'm going digging for his post now
maybe in the beginning 
I'll link it
Yeah true Architect 
ty!
mads
But they arearried over 5 years I think?
Have children and shit
https://www.reddit.com/r/askMRP/comments/3teawd/vampiresquids_husband/
his first post
right see, a decade together 
yeahhh
I dunno man, I feel like 5 yrs is the perfect time for a dude to be like "shit...does she even still like me? Has she learned yet that she can do better?"
"I'd been feeling pissed off and frustrated at work and at home, and I'd just seen my best friend completely screwed over by his wife (cheated on and then divorce raped) so the red pill ideas resonated with me. I realized that I'd been fucking things up my entire life by being a Nice Guy who needed external validation while blaming other people for my
problems. I also admitted to myself that I was basically being a lazy motherfucker in general. "
what happened? was he sitting around waiting for her to hit the wall in her 30s then freaked out when she kept being attractive?
"she's a hot model"
"im a shlubby beta"
so, his friend's marriage blew up and he got scared
STOP IT! UR NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HOT ANYMORE!"
lolol
Sure vut after 10 years Architect ?
damned if you do and damned if you don
t
right
"you let yourself go!"
"why u so hot bitchhhh"
Lol then your insecurity has no ground
lolol madsci
In what way??
She wont leave you not after that long
Especially since he isnt exceptional in any way
you know it killed him when she hot two kids and got her body back both times. 
Hmm. I think these are all good reasons for an insecure guy to start going nuclear
Its not as if she is waiting to steal his billions with a divorce rape
*had two kids
even the commenters at mrp told him that his problem is internal
not with his wife
oops, Freudian slip
right
that's a big deal for them
they never say that
lol
"I decided it's time to end all that. I'm slowly killing my oneitis, and I'm showing my wife that I'm an attractive man with options and important stuff to do."
can we discuss this for a second 
Anyway he has no real issue other than himself
Here's where my wife comes in. She is, honestly, drop-dead gorgeous. [....] Even though she's beautiful and fairly intelligent, she has low self-esteem (from her crappy childhood) and I basically became a validation faucet for her. And I got the validation of being the average looking dude with the smoking hot girlfriend/wife."
he went hard dread on a low-self esteem woman
yeah, that's not gonna go well
Right madscilove we can scratch is a genius off the list as well
when there's that big of a looks disparity, you can NEVER use hard dread 
low self-esteem women practically dread themselves
unless you're rich
even on a low self-esteem chick
Rich too
So whats left?
Architect> Hmm. I think these are all good reasons for an insecure guy to start going nuclear
it's a shitty thing to do after ten years of marriage, though
if she's hot but with low self-esteem and you start using hard dread it's going to fail. 1) because it just seems mean and like you're intentionally fucking with her insecurities for fun
suddenly have a weird mental breakdown
Yeah madscilove 
I suppose what I'm saying is, I can see both sides fairly crytal
crystal
I can't type today
It is weird you have been secure for 1
10 years lol
2) because even if she feels bad about herself, she still knows deep down she's hot
fuck, sorry, chat froze 
yo bot
yeah dragoness
Even had children with you. You aren't exceptional in anyway either. If she still didnt leave you chances are she wont
2:09 AM <dragoness> 2) because even if she feels bad about herself, she still knows deep down she's hot
I don't get this
I think she means, dread is supposed to say "i'm hihger value than you"
...but it's not true
right!
she knows she's better looking regardless 
deep down she has to know she could get a new man fairly easily if it came to that
but if she has low self esteem, she may not see it that way
 At this point it shows that he is being a asshole
she might not feel like the pretties girl in the room but she still knows you're far from the hottest man
she was a model. she knows other people think she loks good
*looks
Not that he has a high value
right
i mean, usually im the guy arguing that it's not possible for women to have low self esteem- they're usually lying, but in this case
we don't know her
maybe she has low self esteem because she thinks her only worth is looking good though
nothing inside matters
I mean the real question here...
is why would a hot model
pick a beta
who is this insecure
she musn't think she's a prize
or she's following in the footsteps of saint kate
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/UN0DBolb/
love?
She claims not liking macho men and all that
right mads
no madscilove 
also, she probably had no idea he was THIS insecure 
you were all for that ugly guy and his hot wife who won the competition being in love architect
you're not the one
why is this different?
who can use that
hahaha
lol
but you believe in it!
you are a steely eyed pragmatist
you are supposed to say 'because money"
ooh, I hope someone writes that on my grave
"the wall is closing in yo"
"she gotta get it!"
"here lies a steely eyed pramatics"
I will scratch it on there madscilove 
but for real, if she has low self esteem, speaking from a pragmatic standpoint
he probably provided her constant validation
he admits to being a "validation faucet"
Then it makes sense to go for a beta
women vomit at men validating them though
that is fvery valuable to damaged women
And not chad who doesnt care
he's probably a greater beta
Because he has options
alpha enough for tingles, beta enough to validate the shit out of her
if they're sitll having good sex 10 years later
right
she's gotta be attracted to him
I'm gonna go with love and genuine attraction 
and she did say earlier today that the sex is great
like I doubt this was a case of some model throwing an ugly guy a bone for funisies 
you guys are stealing my arguments
stop that
then she got stuck with him
im the hopeful one
not you two
I'm not that hopeful. I'm saying she did it for the sweet sweet validation and emotional support
what is love?
baby dont hurt me
baby don't hurt me
don't hurt me
don't hurt me
no more
madscilove> I'm not that hopeful. I'm saying she did it for the sweet sweet validation and emotional support
this is better
" Your implementation of active dread here makes no sense other than punishing her for being more attractive than you"
see, this is solid
everything is normal again
haha
"Passive dread is hard when your SMV is lower than your wife's. Your life is improving, your SMV is rising, hers is gradually falling."
this is kinda amusing to me
TRP is all about punishing people more attractive than you. That seems hypocritical
"gradually falling"
yeah by 45 maybe your SMV will be equal to hers!
MRP and AskTRP tend to me way more reasonable 
how is it any consolation that your wife's SMV is falling?
"just think little timmy one day you'll be married to a saggy old crone!"
how is it any consolation that you lose alongside with me?
schadenfruede
?
or whatever
I mean, I don't think you should be happy at your spouse's misfortune
that's too cold even for me
well, you're forgetting his mental state
LOL
"even for a guy like me, that's cold!" the joker
aka madscilove 
<madscilove> how is it any consolation that your wife's SMV is falling?
hah
riiiight!!
essentially
madscilove?
if you're scared shitless your wife is hotter than you
and will probably realize you're shit compared to her or something
.modterm madsciilove godless heathen, literally the joker
but if you're insecure, it makes sense that somethig like that would console you
boo
.modterm madscilove godless heathen, literally the joker
the notion that she is getting worse too is pleasing 
dragoness: right
that's not how a married man should be thinking about his wife...whom he loves
it's kinda pathetic 
it's hard to love someone who's naturally dread gaming you
not really no
you're thinking in single dude terms
with a single dude's mindset
for a man, yes, I'd say so. I mean, maybe not for women because women's attraction thrives on dread
men's doesn't
Architect> it's hard to love someone who's naturally dread gaming you
I actually think this keeps attraction alive
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/43160f/im27f_trying_to_lose_weight_before_our_wedding_in/
I don't see how it would be HARD to love someone who is "naturally dread gaming you"
I think people take you for granted if they think you have no other options
I think there's a big difference between "im still attractive (therefore very natural, unintentional dread)" and actual literally just dreading
like flirting with other people at work
I agree
taking on new friends of opposite gender
seeming to give less compliments
right
passive dread is healthy in relationships
active dread is when things are unhealthy/quickly can become unhealthy
i think even calling the first one "dread" is disingenuous
passive dread is pretty much just being awesome. and having people of the opposite sex pay you attention for being awesome
because it's not dread
it's just being desirable
but that being said
well, you just called that natural dread right?
if your wife is dreading
most people in general aren't really going to be supportive of that
by..existing??
I think RP's thing is "women don't need to dread because women are dread"
by existing
that s a good way to  get a 1 way ticket to /r/Confessions
they discourage active dread in women but being hot is encouraged
telling your story about your wife that cheated on you
while she had pancreatic cancer
and fucked someone else
after agreeing to marry you
wait, are you saying she's doing something wrong by being hot?
because that's pretty much all she's doing. not being fat and having a face
right?
no,
im offering a different, and I believe more balanced perspective to counter the statement "men should be supportive of dread gaming wives"
I think its weird
I don't think men should support their wives actively dread gaming them
who said wives should dread game?
I just want to make sure that's clear
That is like having a wife who is a genius but suddenly gets stupid for whatever reason
I would feel bad
Because at that point you are family
but if a man can't handle his wife looking hot....
I think he has issues
most men would be psyched to have a loyal, hot wife
so then the counter to that situation right...
nah, if hot women make you feel so out of sorts don't marry or pursue them
What is good for her is generally good for you too, unless crazy selfish requests ect.
or they could just marry an ugly woman
go on arch
Right dragoness 
Just marry a uggo
if you wanna be happy for the rest of your life, make an ugly woman your wife
OR..just marry someone cute but not model hot
No eay
Thatd crazy dragoness 
lol
See this is why men are more superior
 <Architect> so then the counter to that situation right...
?
we have all sorts of discussions about how the people in this very IRC take issue, or would take issue with their SO's interacting with certain other types of people, yet, if they're attractive, those situations are going to happen naturally. Can't we extrapolate what you're saying to ...anything? If you can't handle the lifestyle of having an attractive
person in your presence..why are you with an attractive person?
I mean, I agree with that
"If you can't handle the lifestyle of having an attractive person in your presence..why are you with an attractive person?"
I mentioned F gets hit on a lot. it sometimes makes me want to stab bitches
^^^
but I know he's not going to run off with them so it doens't bother me
I don't let my hamster go nuts
can I tell you guys a little story?
sure!
no
i hate stories
anyway
they're hitler
aka madscilove 
#denied
haha
I prefer Pupler
pupler did nothing wrong! kittycaust is a lie!
^++
...that's actually a running joke in my house
jsut for the record
but dragoness you were saying...
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/431ogf/my_24f_boyfriend_26m_of_over_two_years_decided_to/
religious suck
anywya dragoness
tell the story?
I wanna hear it
see
Oh right yeah, so I was in Vegas with the hobbit one day at the hotel pool. I decided to get in and swim for a bit and when I came back, this black girl who'd been eyeing us from the moment we got there was chatting him up
this is why you should all join me in atheism
SEEE
he's attractive
actually, I swam back to the edge and was glaring at the too of them for a few minutes
I knew it
no no hold on
then I climbed out and took my seat next to him, dried off, etc...still glaring. She didn't make eye contact with me but I was giving her that look
that look that only other black girls know
the ownership look?
was she ignoring you while chatting him up?
yes
I hate when they do that
that's gully
she's hood
also no susandeath, that 'Bitch just because he's with a black girl doesn't mean YOU HAVE A CHANCE" 
look
oh that one
lol, no, but really it was more of an "I know what you're up to" glare
susandeath: knows all about that one
i dated an indian guy once
I had to give that look to some white ho
I had to stand up, still wet .... glistening, in the desert sun, if you will - and introduce myself
dragoness++
lmao
nubian queen over here
hehehe
out of a car commercial
lolol
which didn't make me happy at all and just made her very uncomfortable 
dragoness: is fucking intimidating
anyway, I was tempted to do that dear licking shit but I didn't...
she gets agro
dear licking?
oh man, I have a chick-trying-to-steal-a-man story. I think I've told it to a couple of you
aw, it came back 
it thought maybe you were done by now
that deer is hood
#rude
so I was dating this total ladykiller party boy. charming and charismatic as hell. anyway, we went back to his room for the night as the party was winding down. there were unconscious people draped over sofas and in the hall as usual
 vwait
what
what is the end of dragoness' story
ooh yeah
she asserted dominance with her shimmer and then what?
oh, I was just irritated as fuck, was in no way more attracted to the hobbit and didnt like any of that at all. 
~the end~
he didn't get mega laid that night?
or deer licked?
you'd think you'd at least want his ass way more
why
he shouldnt have been flirting
then he would have gotten mega laid
if he stopped and wentr
because women want what other women want
Oh we fucked all over that hotel room 
this is my gf etc
see
lol
no, that just makes me want to cut the other girl
But that had nothing to do with that incident 
see
Right. 
I get all wolfy. "mine. fuck off."
lol
I was ready to kill that bitch. Drown her even. 
but not like sexy wolfy. like killing wolfy
yeah
women want what other women want even thought they sometimes have to cut a bitch to get it*
I was willing to be she couldn't swim..
Not when it's already yours though. 
I am beginning to think J is the woman in my rleationship
if a guy gets all flirty with me
i can't believe seeing another woman try to pick up this guy who you regularly declare unattractive didn't make him seem more attractive
even a little
he gets super affectionate and lusty
11:44 PM <Architect> i can't believe seeing another woman try to pick up this guy who you regularly declare unattractive didn't make him seem more attractive
It really didn't 
it really just puts me in a bad and un-sexy mood
And let's not even get into the fact that I had to introduce MYSELF
I kind of even get jealous of men talking to F
Lol
I know -_-'
if he had introduced you dragoness
hmm
interesting
would that have made a difference?
Eh, probably a bit
what's wrong with men talking to F?
oh, cause you're all bi and stuff
But I wasn't like super mad at him about it anyway. 
maybe
I'm not really sure. I get weird mate-guarding feelings whenever anyone takes an interest in him
male or female
like this russian dude who was chatting him up earlier today...
he's definitely 100% straight though
that sounds more like you're just jealous of someone taking his attention away
Ooh, I used to get that way about guys being too friendly with the Mexican 
take that, "sluts can't pair bond" theory
until you get older
why, dragoness?
and marry a guy
and he finds MRP
Idk, he was a pretty boy so I think I was always on my guard 
like, he was just the kind of guy the local gay guys loved 
sounds like me
lol
ok, brb
oh. so anyway, this topless girl walks into party boy's room while we're falling asleep naked under the covers
she's holding her boobs going, "ohh I can't find my bra. is it in here?"
solid
he tells her "I think I saw your purse in the living room. why don't you check there?"
and I'm feeling like the cat who ate the canary thinking, "HA I win tonight."
<dragoness> I had to stand up, still wet .... glistening, in the desert sun, if you will - and introduce myself
Hahahahahaaha
dragoness++
I was a cam slut
that's bascially my best avenue and yet it's barred from me
wait, for real?
Yes. It's sick
Idk why but persians have been pretty gay in my experience
you do nothing all day but make videos of yourself, and sell them...then you can make amazon wishlists and people buy you shit
now companies are partnering with them
because I mean...so many guys pay attention
When I was 14 I met some guy at the busstop and he remembered me all the way till I was 19 
And just happened to walk into me in many cases 
Was weird as fuck
you probably didn't change much
I didnt even know who he was hahaha. I felt like a dick at the time
But I was genuinely like "do I know you?"
i had a guy come up to me at a bar
and reminince about primary school
no idea who he was
I wonder if he was just fucking with you
nah, I remembered him
my dad forgets people's names but thinks he remembers them
like by name
this girl's name will be sarah and he'll be like "vicky! how are you?"
i see a lot of people I feel I remember from their face
vicky lol
ive only known 1 vicky and she was hot
I knew two hot vickies
vickys
hey, do you guys ever pretend that you don't remember something that you actually do remember?
like a fact or spelling
why would you do that?
I'm not sure
I think to make people feel more comfortable
ooh
I have a really good memory and I'm always the first person to supply a missing word, fact, or name
I can't say I do that
I pretend I remember things that I actually don't
sometimes people don't like it, so I pretend I don't know
or never happened
I know this girl
we used to be pretty ok friends
hm. I don't think I do that architect
my friend fucked her
and she to this day denies it ever happened
even though my friend is not the kind of person that would lie about who  he fucked
and they were alone together
drinking
I think I see that kind of thing more often
ah. like denying personally embarrassing things
Well
people lying to themselvs
about events and stuff
and interactions with other people
I don't lie all that much myself
any my memory is pretty stone cold for events and the words people say
what I do more often is not pay attention to someone
and immediately forget what they told me
which is bad at work
do women ever wonder what it's like ot be a large, jacked dude
?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/431xzs/why_are_people_who_want_something_different_from/
I dont wonder what its like to be large and jacked and a dude
but I do wonder what its like to own a penis
I wonder what it's like to have a body completely different than mine
im watching this girl dance
and it's like...I dunno, thought provoking
I just want to helicopter dick
Penises are not that special really. They just hang around
but its so different
having a giant hole on the bottom of you is way more weird and interesting
GIANT?
its not a gaping cavern
I mean, it bascially takes up your whole pelvis
what
the inside cavity
and your uteris
and your tubes
and your system in general
oh the whole lot
where did everyone go?
working
or sleeping
http://www.osirisandriff.com/
lame
this is a dog
and a rat
who are friends
I find it really interesting that different animals can be friends
yep
its also cute
there is some zoo where a tiger and ssomething tigers usually eat are friends
and im like "how did that happen"
its weird
 <Architect> I mean, it bascially takes up your whole pelvis
...huh?
not really. it's mostly bone in there
maybe
more than dudes anyway
good morning hawaiians and californians
hey!
it's entirely possible that you got used to humiliate yourself to make yourself more likable and relate to people more
wut
^
i was talking to madscilove, sorry for being unclear :P
i saw you talking before i got disconnected
 <madscilove> hey, do you guys ever pretend that you don't remember something that you actually do remember?
oh, in regard to pretending not to remember some things
it's not humiliating, though
I just pretend to be on everyone else's level
once in a while
so we all "don't know" an answer
http://thehairpin.awlnetwork.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2012/03/iud_hairpin_mouth_square-300x300.jpeg
this can't be good for you
from an article about iuds
umm
i don't know what it is
oh. it's a type of birth control
"intra uterine device"
no, I know what an IUD is
not the thing in her mouth
that's an iud
and why it's in her mouth
two kinds
wut
since when?
since always
lies
i thought they wer elike
cups
what did you think they looked like?
nah that's a menstrual cup
different thing
i heard about those during my sex ed classes
no thats diaphragms
they were shown to us like cup like things
ohhhh
i think our teacher was telling us these were impractical
this  has ruined me
yeah that'd be a diaphragm
no, iuds go into your uterus
diaphragms are more cuplike
your teacher was wrong filozof
filozof: how? I think they're probably the most practical if your body can handle it
IUDS are AWESOME
susandeath++
I just got my new one today susan!
so happyyyyy
i think she was telling us about the potential implications
it can cause injury to the uterus i think
it's a low risk. but yeah, in rare cases it can puncture your uterus
the stats are something negligible
wait
so what the fuck does an IUD do
i don't know about it's effectiveness. i guess it can be practical since it probably doesnt cause the hormonal side effects of birth control pills
how does a anchor stop you from getting pregnant
one releases low doeses of progestin into your uterus
the other is copper which basically kills sperm iirc
nice madscilove
filozof: it's the most effective method of bc after getting sterilized
*besides
how is this effective
omg
I don't get this  at all
it's something like 99.6% effective
im going to have t google all  of this
and no hassles
I got my dr appointment for mine next month
it keeps sperm and egg from implanting
architect
best of all, it's good for 5-10 years
you dont have to remember to take a pill everyday at the same time
depending on which you get
i don't get how alittle hook does that
or use condoms
copper is poison to sperm
architect: the hook is just the delivery method
so if you get a copper one
it kills it
no i get that
yeah. it's just a chunk of copper hanging out in your uterus
the hormonal one changes the uterine lining
but your vagina is bigger tahn that little hook
not all sperm is going to contact the hook
it doesn't go in your vag, though
well yes
cause an IDU
IUD
is not a chastity belt
you can still have sex with one
it sits in your uterus. so sperm gets into your uterus but they die
if it was big enough to  fill your vagina
where would the dick go?
hahaha
omg
also
no
uterus and vagain
or, your uterus is inhospitable for implantation with the hormones
differnet things
if you have a vagina that's like 5cm wide
and you have a copper hook thats 1cm wide
vaginas DILATE
that's 4cm space sperm can get in
oh
yeah
lol
but the copper
yeah but it'd poke someone
kills the sperm
and that would hurt
so you tuck it away in your internal organs
copper must only kill sperm it contacts
not any sperm that views it
no
lol
it makes your uterus inhospitable to sperm
toxic
environment
ok
that makes sense
it's like magic!
sciency magic
how does a hook not hurt?
oh. it hurts like a motherfucker going in
but after you don't feel it
how do they get it out?
there are strings hanging in your vag
that they yank
do you get yours done under local anisthetic mads?
won't that hurt like a double mother fucker?
getting a hook yanked out of youj
insertion hurts more from what I hear
the arms bed
*bend
so it's like a little rod, not a hook
susandeath: nah. the doc offered me topical today but I said no
I just wanted it over fast
they should make it hurt way more to put hoo'ers in their place
just take some ibuprofen before if you can
well I think I am gonna have a local anistthetic
since this is the first one
shush Architect
my first one hurt much more than this one
so that is probably a good call
lol architect
but try to take ibuprofen anyway
it'll keep you from cramping after
thanks
i know i dont want something like that stuck inside me
well lucky you are not a woman
by the way, wasn't there a case where some iud made a bunch of people infertile?
Id rather have one of those small things than a baby
yeah, they used to be designed badly
and if it makes me infertile
yay
several decades ago
they've been improved since
then I can dispense with all methods of BC
anyway, between getting a bit of plastic in my uterus or sex with condoms
I'll take the bit of plastic
condoms are bullshit
which one are you getting susandeath?
the Mirenia
so with any luck
no more periods!!
yay!
god bless modern medicine
indeed
https://i.imgur.com/eHVeCdp.png
Well fuck, I can't Auth on my phone currently 
that sucks
who was that anyway?
no idea
dunno
troll?
hmm
why would it be a troll?
because trolls love us
apparently 
they really do
yep they do
bot keeps most of them away now though
its why we have the whole auth/host mask thing to begin with
never seen one in here
no
because drok made the bot awesome
you're welcome 
we were having hella problems before
the auth is for stalkers
all the fucking time
ugh
or something 
that too
and people posing as other people
I mostly just call the stalkers trolls
a habit now, for people's privacy
k
not that it matters too much anymore, I suppose
.msg #purplepilldebate act purrs
good bot
lol
.msg #purplepilldebate say I'LL EAT YOUR SOUL PUNY MORTAL
yikes 
uh...
.msg #purplepilldebate act purrs
that got weird
our bot is demonic, obviously 
we have to let him kick out more souls every once in a while to keep him satisfied...or else..you know, we're next..
starting with dragoness
.msg #purplepilldebate say FEED ME SEYMOUR
I will disassemble that demon hellbeast's motherboard for it can so much as purr in my direction 
*before. 
sorry, got a little distracted. I've been stalking this gamer guy named Michal Blicharz/carmac for like an hour now
big talk for a big girl
I handle my own
Yeah I bet you do
oh snap r/MERP mods are making new rules and they just dissed us
??
https://np.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/42ymie/new_posting_rule/
For the sake of the quality of this sub, going forward these posts will be deleted as they provide spectacle without value to readers. Those that enjoy that type of thing already have a place at purplepilldebate.
hahaha
HAH
yes indeed
come trash talk the idiots here at ppd irc
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/430qig/thought_experiment_imagine_if_the_bottom_25_of/
I feel like this post could've had some value but...they it was ruined because red pill
value in terms of discussion I mean
What if the refugees coming to Europe from the middle east were nubile and horny young women, free of the preying eyes of the menfolk and ready too live out their repressed fantasies?
hmmm
they spelled "fap material" as "thought experiment"
I didnt understand that bit, or rather what it had to do with the rest of that post
lolol, oh right. that
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/430qig/thought_experiment_imagine_if_the_bottom_25_of/czeq58z
"What if MGTOW became a nationwide movement and 25% of men completely checked out of the dating market?"
"I think what happened after WW-I England was that a lot (or i don't know if a lot, but more than before) of women entered into various forms of lesbian relationships."
someone's been watching a little too much Boardwalk Empire 
yeahhh
"I dunno but I think a lot of guys became alpha through bootlegging" .... makes just as much sense
"But to the other part of your post: the thing about war is it does not care about your attractiveness to women- bullets kill Alphas just as readily as Betas. So unless you can manage to recruit only Betas in a time of national peril (Hint: you can't), you are not going to be selectively killing off the bottom men anyways; and even if you could, you just
ensured that the new bottom men get shit on unless monogamy is enforced!"
there we go
I was hoping someone would say that
I loved that post
"and I don't think those post-WWI guys got to 'fuck like rockstars'. They perhaps had an easier time getting married, that's all. Getting married and getting down to hard work because times were tough and life was generally shit.
Today, in the wealthy West, the removal of the bottom 25% of men would not propel the remaining guys to 'rockstar' status. "
YES
finally, some real logic 
I'd say, if anything, removing the bottom 25percent of men would affect the lowest SMV women
right
because top tier women don't look at those men anyway
exactly 
but no one would believe that until they see it
top tier women aren't getting "validation" from ugly, bottom rung orbiters. 
http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_uhRTmbvqLFm3xS5Hn4xCH0kiQqLLW9TD.jpg
they don't even allow those kinds of men to orbit! 
lol, he does
alrihgt, I have one more snark in me
"Wemon will post everywhere, "REAL MEN Need to step up and fight for us" '
what does spelling women like that accomplish besides making him look dumber?
removing the bottom 25% would affect the rest of men positively
how?
they would get to have more mistresses, etc
I disagree
in an obvious way
that's how
no, the top tier men would have harems
and the men who at least have some success with women NOW would then have zero
it would affect all women, not just the low smv ones
they'd get forced to the bottom
the high smv women would suffer from bigger competition for their men
how?
nah
low smv women aren't competition
^^
of course they are
they're negligible
hot men aren't going around fucking 1-4s
I don't think people are understanding how utterly invisible low smv women are...to EVERYONE
thank you
when they've got hot women lining up to fuck them
this never happens. don't care how horny he is
the scenario of 25% of men checking out is unrealistic anyway, so it's kind of pointless to discuss it
he has standards and zero need to lower them out of desperation because he's never that desperate 
you could only discuss the hypothetical of 25% of men being killed
rp says women can fuck up in SMV, right?
a couple points
and the obvious consequence would be that all of the remaining men would have it better
and all of the remaining women would have it worse
how would the remaining men have it better when there's still top level men they can't compete with?
"when there's still top level men they can't compete with"
what?
what part was unclear?
what do they compete with them for?
women
filozof: did you notice the part where it's the bottom 25% of the male SMP?
by that logic, low smv men should not have any women now
if it was a random 25%, I'd agree that it would have some impact
because they can't compete with high smv men
I don't think most low smv men have women now
^
they do
25% of the bottom
almost all men have women
that's 1s-2.5s that disappear in this scenario
that's the morbidly obsese
the old, the disfigured
basically nobodies in the SMP
of course low smv women can compete with high smv man
?
women aren't competing with men
a low smv woman is more likely to go be the only woman of a low smv man
what?
rather than be another one for a high smv man
i phrased it wrong
low smv men can compete with high smv men
"If the bottom 25% of men were eaten up by dinosaurs, the world would barely change at all. I don't notice them. Women don't notice them. World leaders don't notice them."
"There'd be a few ripples in the economy from less consumption, some job openings and higher wages, and maybe the very, very bottom of the bottom women might have more trouble finding a guy. But overall, the ripples would level off pretty readily and not much would change."
not really
they're fishing in different pools
- Archwinger 
high smv men get attractive women, but low smv men still get something
yeah, the left overs
that no one else wants
anyway, i have to go
ok
the conclusion is that i'm right
now you sound like arch
YES
wow...
debating around here is getting real strange 
Archwinger++
lol mads
lol, never thought I'd say that but...
why does this goddamn chat keep lagging. wtf!
hey dragoness
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42yuu3/i_never_got_any_attention_from_women_when_i/czezcv5
check out the new flair
hahaha, I love it!
:P
+1 for the comment too
that IS real equality 
aw, ty :)
I read his post thinking "what? how is that unequal?"
TRP used to have a lot more posts about treating women as "real equals" by which of course they meant treating them "like men" as some sort of punishment I guess but it was always great advice to me
for real
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42yuu3/i_never_got_any_attention_from_women_when_i/czebgpf
top comment
things like this are why I can't get down with bp anymore
I read that on my phone earlier but didn't get it because I couldn't really find the condescension 
yeah
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/432q5e/what_does_the_red_pill_and_the_blue_pill_think_of/
what is he asking?
ooh I just read that five minutes ago
I have no fucking idea
lolol
oh, so its not just me. cool then
I want to invite gavinok here
he starts a lot of good discussions
go for it
yeah, I don't agree with most of them but he doesn't really shit post a lot of tries to make some good points 
so vamps was here yesterday
I am sad and need sympathy
well that's honest 
what's going on?
<RedManBearPig> so vamps was here yesterday
my friend booked herself into a psych ward
when?? red
because she is more suicidal than usual
ouch susan
and I am pretty sure that when she gets out
before the end of the year she is going to kill herself
aww,  oh no :(
I dont think I can even blame her
she has been seeing a shrink for 7 years
she is doing things
that are supposed to make her happier
but they are not
that terrifies me
me too
I think all I can do now
is just spend as much time with her as I can
I cant ask her to live just so I wont be sad
yeah
Damn
I'd say there's some tiny bit of hope though given that she put herself in there
there is a bit
but at the same time
i wonder if she did it
And it was around 23:00 I think dragoness
so she can make another friend's birthday
I saw her name in here while I was busy doing other stuff
oh wow susan
A deep depression like that
Standard treatment
Wouldn't help
it isnt
I dont know if anything would help
yeah, this is eaching worst nightmare territory for me
*reaching 
part of the depression is that she is trans gender
but
she has been transitioning
Only a very specific specialized drug therapy catered to her
and it hasnt really helped the way it has helped some of my other friends
Hm
I was afraid that this movement would eventually also harm other people
how is it harming other people?
Your friend is in a confused state
I dont think my friend is confused
she has known for a very long time
this is the one thing she has never been confused about
Okay
anyway I just really needed to get that out
thanks for listening 
I get that
yeah i don't think she's confused either. he brain is just broken
*her
goddammit, I'm pretty sure I'm getting pinkeye 
yep broked
ouch
pinkeye 
that sucks a lot
I was more thinking of terms of a depressed person not understanding why they are depressed so they question their own gender-identity and out the hat the pick they want to be the other gender
yeah
that may well happen
I dont think its beyond possiblitity
when you are depressed your brain basically hates you anywat
Depression is something that is hard to tackle
yep
morning
but this susan
if a person is at that point
scary shit
very scary
BTL
give me money
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4325rv/stand_up_comedy_red_pill_women_and_the_hamster/czewup8
Bromance9+++++++++++
http://9gag.com/gag/aVP3rEv
I like her comics
they are fun
Am I that to you 
Just mr.moneybags RedManBearPig 
I also like your face BTL if that counts for anything
at least you are MR moneybags
and not just moneybags
some modicum of respect is nice
You hurt me RedManBearPig 
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0Z2JTPalv_s/maxresdefault.jpg
i will love you for your money and your personality or lack of
http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?id=3992
aaah Zachary Weiner
Lol that one was funny RedManBearPig 
so r/theredpill now is a toolbox
what do you mean redman
got a link?
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42ygy6/attention_idiots_the_red_pill_is_not_about/
here Jack4ss
yeah its right
Lol
RedManBearPig: they are a bunch of tools alright.
oh snap dutch bants
Just not sharp ones
BeyondTheLight++
you sound like bluepillers
BTL is gray
I'm red
Wtf is gray lol
as in uninteresting
Are we talking about skittles now
yes
Lol
I feel like I should make a mom joke right now but thats too easy
We'll leave the easy jokes to Jack4ss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6CCePrJlaU&sns=em
When will you be back in the netherlands RedManBearPig?
I already told you lol
5 feb
I keep forgetting it 
Didnt forget the feb part though haha
why dont u agree with callling it a toolbox?
I agree it is a toolbox
the sub definitely
its a place where we keep all the terper tools
you guys are just mocking it, without debating
Because it isnt anything special Jack4ss 
You act like it is the damn holy grail overflowing with pussyjuice
i want to hear your reasoning
im surprised you guys hate the toolbox analogy
it seems pretty reasonable to me
Jack4ss> you guys are just mocking it, without debating
yep
and thats ok
this is irc
The power was always in you young grasshopper
yes i know susan
but id like to hear your thoughts
I dont have any issue woth the analogy lol
I have none right now
Its fine
Its just fun to make fun of them
and I agreed with them
Just like with martial arts the best part of each jiu jitsu lesson was the sparring part
Its the same to me I like being a bully
sue me
i dont understand
lol
I just like being a bully
Np
i think a post was necessary like this, there are too many redpiller noobs that follow it like a religion
There is no good reason for it
I dont think anyone here really takes issue with how TRP describes themselves Jack
And they still will
i see
it was just something we were commenting on
and mocking a bit
The salad bar analogy they used at first should have been suficient 
well in that case 
i only really mock things that i dont agree with
now i have a position
like donald turmp
They didn't learn the first 3 times
you tellingme, you guys are trump supporters?
i think tool box is better than saladbar
And they won't learn it the next time
cause if people want to better their li ves
and they find red pill
then toolbox is a better analogy
cause they are using it to do something
not just eating like in a salad bar
also
who even eats at a salad bar
Eh taking what you want or need should be a clear enough message
Lol
waaay cheaper to just make salad at home
waste of money
Buffet sheesh
what i dont like is people who point out inconsistencies within TRP, even though its written by lots of different users
Jack4ss
and dont take that into consideration
reds to it to blues
blues to red
meh
fkin trump supporters
that reminds me
https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/4318p4/scumbag_hillary_clinton/czf09z9?context=3
i feel sorry for the people base their opinion on what donald trump says, as apposed to what donald trump does
why are you so interested in the american presidentail race?
its interesting
its on uk news aswell
ok
are you a trump supporter susan
I am a Mmusi Miamane supporter Jack4ss
Anyone online yet?
http://i.imgur.com/WLRWF9U.gifv
if this is as good at it looks, what a brilliant invention
oh it only works in certain climates
lel
thats pretty cool
I bet it would work in Durban where my aunt lives
oh what the hell? how is that possible 
<Jack4ss> oh it only works in certain climates
never mind
that seems like it would taste awful
yup
why?
it seems like drinking nature's sweat
well
like rain water?
that falls into rivers
and etc
its what we do
does anyone here know how to fix bluescreen on every startup by any chance?
right now im using safe mode
yes but that water generally goes through some kind of treatment/distillation process, doesnt it?
filozof: PAAHHAHAAHAHAHA
not if you go hiking and drink it right out the river
mmmmm\
nature's sweat
nothing like it
:)
how's that super big font working out for you
i feel claustrophobic here
how long has the problem been persisting filozof?
since yesterday
i've installed CUDA and couldn't turn it on since
have you tried uninstalling that?
thats too obvious susan
computers arent like that
the computer will find a way to tear your hair out first, before revealing the problem
when i have problems like that, i just do a fresh install
when I have a computer problme
I call the IT
guy
well first I restart
if that fails
I call the IT guy
its why we pay him
how long does he take?
to fix it
what kind of problems crop up
probaly 5 to 10 minutes in real time, but he clocks an hour to avoid actually getting work done
i wanna get into 1st line support
it's easy
im thinking of doing an apprenticeship
for a year
if they provide the certificates
you could do that easily
you got connections?
ive been applying for local ones
nope
im a lone wolf
how do i get connections?
make friends with IT guys 
become*
that might be a problem
then go into corporate buildings and
suck some corporate dick
nah you just gotta pry yourself in somewhere
ah ok
like work your way in somehow
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42zbzw/remorse_i_used_to_get_turned_on_as_a_kid_when_my/
egad! 
hahahahaa
goddamit reddit 
yes
Would that be daddy issues or mommy issues?
lol. 
Daddy issues
Jack4ss mostly my hard drive liokes to crash completely 
so it takes time to fix
but it has now been replaced
ah ok
so hopefully that sorts that
I've rustled some jimmies, BP still doesn't want to be the minority
one minute lol
bot is getting aggy
I wanna see drok
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42zinn/a_discussion_of_morality/czeagxf
why was that top comment deleted?
It was?
pretty sure the best response to a rational egoist is saying that i support my own self interest by being against your bullshit morality
the top comment was deleted, a mod must have done it if you dont see it
Probably that cunt babyboomersanta
filozof: that's not a sensical response
what did the comment say drok?
I tried talking about this once before. Most BPers are unaware of differences in fundemental first premise. Considering a different first premise apparently makes them physically ill.
and what is the first premise?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4328mu/should_i_22f_break_it_to_my_hot_friend_22f_that/
so much TRP gold here
attractive person bubbles are real
I always love it when people lack any form of introspection
Solipsism is great
This friend sounds awful
I always wonder why people keep shitty friends around
We had a friend like her in our group
Her name was Keely
such a tramp name
She lacked any sort of personality but what the most beautiful person I'd ever seen
Keely?
for real?
We called her The Wall
not even Kelly
She wouldn't even laugh at things
lol
She would just say "that's so funny"
In response to funny things
haha
That's how little of a personality she was required to develop
that's so funny blowing
Lol
that's so funny
Ironic considering the wall would completely fuck her life up
She would just stare at you dead eyed and say that's so funny in this like valley girl voice
ew
She never ever didn't have a boyfriend
How many orbiters did she have?
Oh god
So many
thousands, eh?
Of both genders
lol, wow
That's how she was in the friend group
She offered nothing of value
Yet was in the top rung
Well
Did she hold queen bee position?
She was one of the richest in our private school and her parents let her have the mother in law wing of their house so she had a legit party set up
blowing sounds grape jelly
Her own entrance, a kitchen, etc
maybe even strawberry
Oh no i love keenly
Keely*
lol
we still talk
did she hit the wall?
I mean I talk and she says that's so funny
lolol
She just recently got married
was she a sloot?
She settled
He's the least hot of her boyfriends
Oh yeah
She was a covert sloot
AFBBbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
It was frowned upon at my school to not be a virgin so everyone had to pretend
But we knew
We knew
she better not tell him he's the least hot of her boyfriends
that's punishable by death apparently
"Regardless of how attractive a person is it's manipulative and unnecessary - unless someone specifically states that they enjoy the chase. "
I love reddit advice
Let me find her HS boyfriend
playing hard to get works 
This guy was beautiful
men just never admit it
"hi girl, i like the chase, so from this moment on you should pretend you're disinterested"
I am just imaging the lifestyle of a covert sloot. Like professionally educated in the ways of covert slootyness 
playing hard to get doesn't work on me
I hated the fucking reply. Did I swear at them? I meant to
I like girls who do that
I'll keep that in mind if I ever feel like coming on to you filozof 
if they know how to do it proper
you misspelled exceptionally attractive Red.
Mmmm he's aging weird but this was one of her boyfriends in HS
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/ftPMKFHk/IMG_1737.JPG
He'll do. 
Lol
He'll do indeed 
Oh I detect a douche
Blowing, where did you got to school exactly? 
that prep school from Gossip Girl?
A catholic school
RedManBearPig: yeah he's a douche
His only other public profile pic is of him golfing
Ew
Hahahaha
I like these kind of guys if they are kept at a distance
He gave her a teddy bear with a voice recording that sounded like this.....
Hold on I have to record it
Red https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/rkPFoN2V/New+Recording+4.m4a
Bahahaha
So everytime I went to her house i'd make the bear say that when everyone was talking
blowing your voice is sexy
Aw thanks jack!
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/jqcJtTTl/New+Recording+4.m4a
^^ keely
Man I'm glad comedy and humour is kinda enforced in our culture
I have never heard a person be so dead inside
These are just people who are next level rich and attractive
HAAAAAA
THAAATS SOOOOOOO FUNNNEH
There was never a need to develop skills or personality
They always had friends
This is interesting though
Like they do just expect to be picked up by a rich dude?
I've been friends with her for 16 years now and can't recall a single interesting or personal thing she's ever said
Yes
It's a forgone conclusion
So weird to me
It worked tho
She's married to a guy who's rich as hell
HAHAHAHAHHAHA blowing
thatssss soooo funnnnehhh
Hahaha seriously tho
That's her
This is what I imagine her being like with her new H...
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/DvOaS9cE/New+Recording+4.m4a
ROFLOL
blowing this is getting too mcuh for me
I'm glad these people do not exist in my reality
Lol RedManBearPig
I'm glad you exist though blowing
RedManBearPig++
how was vegas?
oh god
blowing++
don't slip of your chair dragoness
Lol!
Red RedManBearPig it's good
how many people lay dead or exhausted in your wake blowing?
me
blowing has killed me, which makes me very exhausted
Hurricane Blowing left category 4 level destruction in her wake
sheeeeeeeeeeit
http://time.com/barbie-new-body-cover-story/?xid=time_socialflow_twitter
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/433cwd/this_sub_keeps_failing_here_is_why/
.ping boring bitches
wake up
Haha been up
so they finally changed that god awful girl toy
hooray
I loved my barbies
oh ofc she has blue hair...
http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_GERMANY_FAR_RIGHT_RAIDS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2016-01-27-06-29-28
Anyone have any interesting dreams lately?
AtlasB: 
HATE CRIME?
https://www.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/430owh/has_anyone_else_lost_interest_in_sex_with_there/czeomgr
they were forum moderators
honestly I would not mod r/european or pol from germany or other similar countries
you could go to jail
banning websites
they couldn't even ban it though AtlasB 
its based in russia
so they "asked russia to turn it off"
hah
and arrested the moderators
Lol dragoness
so the ONLY thing that has happened is they've thrown forummods in jail
not all women have fantasies
I don't get it dragoness
i have no fantasies
She's so weird it's like she just wants to have sex with someone she likes :( what do???
^^^
all i want is to have completely normal sex withme own husband
not every woman is having these wild ass sex fantasies 
with no fanfare or bells and whistles
ooooh
9:30 AM <@AtlasB> all i want is to have completely normal sex withme own husband
EWWWW PRUDE
yes
that r/relationships post with the woman who had the sex dungeon just had me like.... O_-
im a prude
for real though
that's weird now
VANILLLLLAAAAAAAA
lol
sooooooo lame
yep
a high N count prude
thats what  I like
who just likes normal sex
My fantasies are about people over actions
vanilla sex with J
susan!!!
its very nice
atlas is a unicorn in every way
Atlasb
!!!!
It's not what I'm doing but who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1F3gHOeRyw
right
I bet most women are like that
watch movie!!
I am
no
wrong clip dammit
we can't all be anomalies in here 
I will watch tonight Atlas when I am not at work and can see youtube
ooh
AtlasB: 
honestly
 With my current wife the sex and the frequency aren't bad but it's lacking that flexibility I've grown accustomed to.  
this is why I understand women who deny their husbands a bit
this this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MwSwxG3D0M
save it
well what happens is
what kind of flexibility?
I bet giving him 80% of frequency
and he'd be perfectly fine 
the demand for things that gros sher out or upsets her
but give him 100%
I have saved the link AtlasB
and theres no chase
is like pavlovian conditioning
he has to conquor new holes
she may totally want to have sex with him
that too
It sounds like he just thinks his value is increasing so he wants to try it out on now broads now
but associates it with being forced to do stuff she doesnt want
or fight about it
so she doesnt "want to have sex anynmore"
she does want to have sex with him though she has sex with him whenever he wants
I'm saying she shouldn't
he'll spend his time angsting over sex no matter what
better to angst about not getting vanilla quite as much as he wants
I'm gonna go see my friend 
I kinda get what you're saying
see you all later
than getting it whenever he wants, so making up degenerate stuff to angst over
right
AtlasB: yep
When it becomes one person centric is when I'm out
they also punish duty sex
which is ridiculous
some things some women cant do
evenif they want to please their man
its jus tnot in them
or WORSE it turns them off
Like all about fulfilling one person's desires only
to be turned off WHILE having sex
Yes
and pretending to be turne don
YES
"But what I'm trying to achieve is that anything goes personal pornstar type atmosphere in our bedroom. "
isnt great
from the OP
Ew
Come on
she should deny him enough that his personal goal is "normal sex whenever I want"
and he'll spend all his time on the internets hamstering over that
Hahah
no matter what she gives he'll never be satistfied
I'm srs
something something "the chase" 
" I get more and more bored with having sex with my wife. Now I have very little interest in having sex and I find myself initiating way less."
Something something dopamine
right
if she gets into light BDSM he'll demand heavy BDSM
thats marriage lol
it always was
if she gets into heavy BDSM he'll demand bloodplay
witz right
if you give an inch
it goes a mile
if she gets into bloodplay he'll demand gang rapes
light domination just implies she wants to get on top of him and take over
lol. oh god
so just give him sex 80% of the time he wants it and he'll spend all his time worrying about the extra 20%
Guys how do I alpha her into gang rape?
keep reading MRP
RedManBearPig: she's into being dominant or being dominated?
wait wait wait, where did I read that comment from a RPer who was whining about how he actually *wants* to see his wife with other men
and was tired of being shamed by the for it?
he said "she is into slight domination"
"Most women want to be dominated and tied up"
now look...
no
tied up always sounds good in theory
an din practice its so annoying
tied up sounds stupid lol
yes to the first, but being tied up...bruh
lol right
i do like dominance
right
but very normal vanill adomimnance
you'd be hardpressed to find a woman who does not enjoy dominance in the bedroom
right but normal domnance
yes
vanilla dominace
men then think full bdsm
those are stupid men
i dotn want to dress up in clothes
thanks porn!
dominance*
and say dumb things
girls who like being tied up want the feeling of having no responsibility for what is happening. A hint of trepidation at what they enjoy in place.
now atlasb you know you want a leather and steel chastity belt, don't lie
At what point are dudes going to realize all this stuff ends the same way.
with them busting their nut?
i dont want full bdsm
Yes RedManBearPig
thats bullshit most men for the most part just want sex where the girl moves
and we are happy with that
you do realize that we also have various levels of arousal?
well once you're getting that you've gotta up the ante somehow I guess
I do
Boring bitch, here :)
"She wants to have sex with me whenever I want. this is boring. better get the hemp rope"
But like is the trouble of adding the trapeze going to make or break it?
there is SUCH an MRP marriage in crimes of passion tho
its so real
you guys should all watch it
the first five minutes grab you
did you watch it?
Can't say I have Lo, I rarely remember my dreams
RedManBearPig: I think there's more of a benefit in levels from starfish to vanilla than from vanilla to BDSM porn sex
Unless on melotonin
when I started I realised this is going to be a great movie, so I stopped
depends on how desensitized these men are blowing
True
going to watch it when I can absorb it better, over the weekend
cool
Makes me miss the days where kissing gave dudes boners
Interesting
Then I dream of men with horse heads , creepy stuff
now even if your titties are out
question: what is the narrative that gets you excited about sex?
I go through periods of intense dreaming and then periods where I don't remember any of them at all
even then they might not pop
narrative?
I haven't been able to spot a pattern. 
lol for real blowing
yall 
question
when you were kids in school, did your parents sit with you and help you with homework?
like even in high school?
nope
Sunhappy: no
not past 7th grade no
okay, apparently
the white jewish girl at work
RedManBearPig: imagine things progressing to sex, how do you want it to play out?
told me that all middle class white households do this
Helicopter parents
and that it's an american cultural thing
i'm like wtf
It's generational
my parents never ever once sat down with me and helped me with homework or checked my homework ever
The millennial parents are fucking terrible
 Mmmm I recommend hot chocolate+ chai
if i came back with shit grades, they were on my ass. but that was it
 I had a dream recently about accidently grabbing a live wire during the snow storm, which means that I'm due for sudden shocking news. Snow is a good omen, deep snow signifies hard work with an unexpected big success at the end 
blowing okay i'm not crazy
why would I even be thinking about how it would play out?
i asked the black woman at work and she said her parents did it too
On the average they are terrible
it's sex
I used to keep a dream journal and was getting really good at recalling my dreams, but then I had a dream so fucked up I stopped
Past 3rd grade math my parents were of no help
fkin millenials everytime
RedManBearPig: think in the abstract. An ideal scenario.
lol asking my mom for math help would have been inversed
sunhappy of course
my dad was pretty good though but i just made study groups with friends if it got really nasty
nothing the new immigrant parents are doing
?
is ANYTHING
We were expected to do the HW
successful 20th century parents did
on our own
AtlasB: did your parents sit down with you and help you do homework?
I prefer my chocolate pure and unadulterated
im always surprised by things like tiger mom
yup i just did the HW on my own
trying to compare to jews
if i needed help
there was none of th emilitaristic hateful regimented wierd shit
what did successful 20th cent. parents do?
i hear abotu asians
and nigerians
my parents were regimented at all
*weren't
they doidnt do what asians do
ill tell you that
it was like "okay, homework is your job. do you job" and that was it
I was taught by teachers
jews succeeded because theyre parents supported themn
and they had high IQs
My mom was room mom and volunteered
I just do whatever I feel like in that moment within reasonable bounds
they didnt take violin lessons study 24/7
i didn't either. i think that's extreme
and not be allowed to assimilate or be cool
But my education came from my schools and schoolwork was my job and responsibility
i'm talking like....okay, you get back from school
watch cartoons for an hour
and they had their own private schools
andthen you do homework
like i iwent to
this lady is telling me
or went to quaker schools
kids come back from school and from when tehy get home, she's helping them study, doing practice quizzes, reviewing homework....
lots of parents did that yeh
Fuck that
thats what they feel they are *supposed* to do
that just seems like a lot
like if you don't get in your kid's face they will fail
to me
and not grow up to be good people
That's giviing grade school kids ulcers
if you don't support them like an invalid
I srsly want nail polish color on the questionnaire
There's too much structured everything
i can absolutely see grade school kids getting ulcers, especially asian ones
Kids need unstructured play
In order to learn
maybe it is a cultural difference i'm not getting
i think tiger moms are extreme too
omg i hated structured everything
but when i say this is blowing my mind, it's blowing my mind
i prevented my parents from overstructuring
Fuck all these lessons and shit these parents have the kids over scheduled doing
For https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42zrhz/want_to_help_shape_the_first_ever_rpw/
i understand it as a young child, but parents do this even with their HS aged kids?
no idea Sunhappy
In high school I was autonomous
I got myself up and to school
RedManBearPig: it will get harder to be excited about the same woman the 1000th time you have sex if you don't have a solid idea of what you get out of it
Made my breakfast and lunch
yeh i was autonomous in high school
well i was autonomous as long as i didn't have fun :/
i didn't suffer bad grades either
i had a car and a life
in the city
this woman at work is like
i might as well have been 27
she'll do this until they go to college
Did my Homework
Picked my own classes
I didn't ask my parents what I should take
parents kept trying to crack down on my "having a life"
i get it for young children, even up to middle school i guess, but high school?
thats how asians are killign their kids
its not normal
itrs not american
you're gonna be on a 16 year old once they get home and help them with math homework?
and its CERTAINLY not jewish
jewish kids WERE the 60s
she's jewish AtlasB !!
Into college?!
the one who covers her hair with cute wigs
im talking baout what SMS said
She's fucking her kid up
and what asians do
oh okay
SMS u need to go get em tiger
blowing its very jewish
I get what you are saying mashakos
goyim are autonomous
your eout when your e18!
haha parents and I had a massive fight I confronted them directly on why they were doing this
my parents kept me from having a life, but not to stay at home and study
i said logically you're being dumb, they said yes logically but that doesn't matter because of how they ~feel~
they were just distrusting of american youth culture
how they fucking FEEL
My parents were really weird I think
if there wre other nigerian kids, i'd have had a life
new immigrants are keeping their kids from assimilating
yup it was all "we do X and white people do Y" where Y was bad like busy having divorces, teen moms, all the sex and STDs, etc.
The only thing they did was encourage me to date a lot. If I was with someone for more than 6 months they would say time to move on from that one.
post WW2 jews irish and italians ran on the streets in brooklyn
that's what R's parents said
they didnt cloister up in foreign homes
the bronx was all jewish folks in some blocks
yes
my dad wa sborn there
"Going steady" as they called it wasn't encouraged
was it still called going steady then blowing
that phrase is used as an anachronism today
Not by anyone but then
Them
I called it "going out"
hah i'm imagining them as leave it to beaver parents
Like "are y'all going out?" Was how I asked if they were a couple
yeah it was called going out when i was growing up, i'm sure its called something different by now
well now i feel stupid
Hooking up prob
Lol
when critical thinking turns into brain farts http://i.imgur.com/Iz63UZs.jpg
here i thought what she was doing for foriegn
yeah hooking up
or "netflix and chill"
when actually my upbringing was the foriegn one haha
SMS: my dad calls a back pack a "nap sack"'still
So yeah lots of leave it to beaver terms
but idk, i still think it's weird that parents think children are incapable of studying alone
Sunhappy: nah our parents are cray, wtf is with this no social life allowed, how does that help in future endeavors
they can drive alone, date alone, work....but they can't study by themselves?
netflix and chill doesnt mean going out
i know Jack4ss i was just positing
SMS i came out fine
despite all that
i think parents today are a bit too....cautious
way too cautious
it's like they are trying to prevent them from fucking up
but its backlash
my generation was too unprotected
it swings
I did not come out fine, I didn't luck out, and I knew it would happen too
i get that
R wanting to study with his son is not weird to me. he only has him every other weekend and it legit helps his son
idk if he'll do that into him being in high school
but if he did, whatever
there's helping and there's coddling
right
I pay people to teach my child bc I have no patience
idk it's just surprising
HOW CAN YOU NOT KNOW WHAT A K LOOKS LIKE FOR FUCKS SAKE?! Doesn't seem very honoring of her learning process.
rofl
Does this K look like a bitch?
do you guys recommend any type of sleep aid lieka  good sleepy time tea that actually works?
heh, my parents considered kids who needed private tutoring retarded. We weren't even allowed to contemplate the possibility. Sink or swim for us.
AtlasB: do you think your generation being so unprotected was a bad thing?
you speak of it like it was a positive
how old is the child, blowing
its both
its a cycle
the link I posted earlier is from the mind of someone who was coddled as a child.
unprotected kids ar etough
resiliant
cynicla
yeah!
independent
but a lot died
lol
fiat: 5
dang
high risk high reward
how many millenials know kids who died
lol
the cycle goes with the crime rate
weve tried melatonin/valerian root/diphenhydramine
ah so he's also in kindergarten or first grade?
Pre-K
the tutor is supplemental, blowing?
ah mm
tough resilient cynical seems anti-establishment to me
nm*
most of R's friends from school are dead or in jail
Are you on a phone/tablet up until you zzzzz? It messes with your sleep patterns
No she goes to a private school fiat so that's why I said pay others to teach her
is R black?
yes :D
i think the generation after me are going to be weird
lol
like new weird
parents who can't adult
it's happening already
im mostly asking for A, i fall asleep much easier. he is on the computer until he comes to bed though
and trying all this new aged parenting shit
already happened
Mashakos: yep
ah right you're sassy coast
like breastfeeding into grade school
why did autocorrect turn east into sassy
D:
ok but breastfeeding into grade school is not normal even for millenials
that's a thing blowing!!
Extended breast feeding I know
i think it's called attachment parenting
but if we go to bed at the same time we will talk for a bit then try to fall asleep but there are nights when he will lay tehre for like an hr before getting up bc he cant fall asleep
helicopter parents
I know
http://www.attachmentparenting.org/principles/principles.php
ah
http://abcnews.go.com/Lifestyle/grownups-pay-big-bucks-attend-nyc-adult-preschool/story?id=29701836
I was D: at sassy coast
I have AP friends
I'm sure that's it then. Hey him a pair of blue blocker glasses, he'll look like a nerd, but they work :)
oh
how are they
Who co sleep
There are aps that filter blue light too
Get*
haha i used to have a pair of blublockers
Extended BF
helicopter
https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4337fd/porn_is_to_sex_what_kung_fu_movies_are_to/
every kid has some disorder now
I run one on my cpu called f.lux and one on my android phone called twilight 
anxiety, depression, add
can't write for shit
oh really
thats interesting
Co-sleeping is ruining marriages
wtf are they really co-sleeping?
the writing might just have to do with computers
SMS: yes
They automatically sync with the sun rise/set time and start filtering out the blue light when it gets dark
it's global phenomenon
one thing i always felt i pushed back on was putting the child above the marriage
i told jewishworklady that too
it didn't make sense to me
The extended BF is point less
she said her daughters sleep with her all the time
Only colostrum matters
So everything at night on the cpu has a slight orange/red tint
if you ruin the marriage, that makes it even worse for the child
even Asians are forgetting how to write certain characters
i would want some adult time
she's like nah
they rely on computers
I don't know if it *really* helps me sleep better, but it cuts down on eye strain which is a plus
he runs a bunch of adblock/script block things
it's like women who are mommies first
attachment parenting will be this generations downfall
to auto fill characters
and second
and then she's a wife
My friend BF'ed her kid til 3 and that kid still gets sick all the time
Then this'll just be one more useful ap for him!
so the writing problem can't be blamed on parenting I think
well not mostly
Baby wearing is a thing
i'm pretty sure its to do with text messaging, status updates, and emoji
Moby wraps
Birth bonding: The first few hours after birth are regarded as very important to promote attachment.
Belief in the signal value of your babys cries: Parents are encouraged to learn to understand their babys cries and respond quickly and appropriately to them.
Breastfeeding: This is regarded to have physical and psychological advantages to both mother and child.
Babywearing: The term was first used by Dr. Sears and it means carrying the baby in a sling or other carrier, close to the body of the caregiver.
Bedding close to baby: Sleeping in the same room and preferably in the same bed as the baby is encouraged, as is frequent (breast) feeding at night.
Balance and boundaries: Appropriate responsiveness (knowing when to say yes and when to say no) is needed to keep a healthy family alive.
which emphasize brevity but not in the good way
Beware of baby trainers: Instead of taking advice about how to train the baby to make it cry less and sleep for longer stretches, parents are encouraged to listen to their own instinct and intuition.
I have a night time routine before bed too. It's simple but even just going through the motions when I'm not tired helps me wind down
I wear the glasses about an hour or so before bed. I don't feel simulated then, before bed
We do cry it out
And all my kids sleep through the night
.context
In their own rooms
Hot showers also help me
I can't shower before bed, it takes too long to blow dry my hair and I can't sleep with it wet
i love hot showers, him not so much. when we shower together im always freezing lol
kids can suck it up fine
Sms it depends on what she meant by writing
if she meant penmanship
soon male breast feeding will be a thing...
if the cucks get their way
i could suggest the blublockers but i doubt hed go for it
Are those the glasses?
or lucidity
yeah
raising a child used to be about preparing a human for the real world, wth happened?
idk
my mother stopped hugging and kissing me after I turned 5
now children are seen as "the world is too hard"
for them
that's how you do it
and staying at home through 26-30
to "get on their feet"
ti's weird as fuck
The ap is much easier, I don't even have to think about it
it's because children are too precious now
from what I've read, centuries ago children were just seen as little people
the second I turned 6, I was told to run outside
not super fragile psychologically
my hair usually dries fully from my mornign shower by the time i go to bed
lol
and i dotn care
children are too precious now because of different cultural values and we're also having less kids
yes
each kid
is the only shot
more hope and expectations riding on the few
i think it has to do with older moms having 1 kid
Donna T Dorvick wants you to see this item at Amazon.com (Blue Blocking Driving Horn Rimmed Sunglasses Amber Tinted Lens (Black) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00CMH5S24/ref=cm_sw_r_other_awd_j4JQwb2G9340S)
fiat right
people less willing to take risks
:o dana do you ahve suepr thick hair?
seriously, a lot of the stories from college campuses today make them sound like kindergarten 
i remember it being really long
the whole obsession with parenting and childhood
is novel
it came from psychology
liek everythign else bad
right it's their LAST shot
they need that kid to do everything
*sigh* great. Shared personal info by mistake
not enough time to be more apathetic about it lol
this isn't even novel. we talk about spoiled only children I. China
little emperor syndrome
Anyway.. That's what I bought
it obviously applies to a slightly lesser degree to western nations with low birth rates
i think that's probably true AtlasB 
tehy have kids later and then freak out and then put their everything into raising the kid
right
****ing amazon
as an extension of their identity vs a little person
theres not goign to be another one
one cant crack its hea don the sidewalk and theres 3 more
but i was an only child
and my parents still didnt protect  me
because it wasnt the zeitgeist
kids playe doutside
an dgrown ups had grown up lives
my parents didn't "protect" me, but once i was 18 they were like "alright, best of luck! don't fail out of college!"
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42zrhz/want_to_help_shape_the_first_ever_rpw/czf8cmj
here's my addition
and that was that
this rpw survey should be fun
yeh jews dont do that
right, it's not the only factor but it starts a feedback loop
i lived at home til 26
no wonder they're all fucked up once they grow up. These kids are never going to get that level of attention in the real world.
i get the cultural difference
i'm saying i don't get how you don't switch it off
being a parents
and being your own adult self
you can do both, i assume
that "your eout when youre 18" is a goyishism we make fun of
my h
while your parents might not have let you personally feel only child syndromes you'd still be affected indirectly
heard that all his life
and as he approached 18
he genuinely believed
if no other kids play outside, you're less safe alone
the day he turned 18
they were goign to boot him
and there's less reason for you to be outside
thats why he quit school and ran away
:O
from paranoia?
he edint understand why he didnt have a job an dmoney
why is that paranoia?
he was approachign 18 and had no job or money
the fear of being booted out of his home made him simply run away?
and was wastingtime in school every day
well among other things
what "fear"
he was told that his whole life
oh okay
should he not have nelieved it?
lol
i suppose
there were other reasons also
its interesting hearing different stories
his step mom was forcinghim to sleep in the breezeway
an dnot letting him in the house to pee
that didnt help
damn
adulthood in my household was temporary self-sufficiency long enough to secure marriage and have children
red yeh
super long thick and wavy curly
that is horrible!
passerby i wouldnt worry too much
I'm trying to dreadloc my hair and wet dreadlocs = awful outcomes
yondal
yondal
yondal
who ar eyou
has anyone spokento them?
AtlasB> an dnot letting him in the house to pee <-- this is what happens when a guy lets a crazy bitch run the house
nope
well his dad married a jewish woman who supported him too but  he didnt have the balls to run th eshow lol
he was a sneaky jerk instead of a bossyjerk
he was as crazy as my h
the worst kind
the first time i met him
he was wearing buckskins
open carrying a pistol
and had a leathe rboonie hat on
O_o
and yet the little lady had his balls in a pouch, lol
idk who wetweiner is either though
lol
wetweiner is LoTs bf
his id is just parked here because of IRCcloud
well he did whateve rhe wanted
but he couldnt force her to support his son from anothe rwoman
the way he wanted
what kind of a father sits by while his son is treated like the house dog?
one married to another women with three kids
who didnt raise his son
reminds me of that book
It
an donly reconnected to get out of child support
not the stephen king novel
its not a happy story
he was an accident between two teenagers
hes the modern family poster child
ooo ok
hmm
this is why masculinity is important, to balance things out
not every man can be a pimp
almost no man could get away with what my h gets away with with me
no matter how inconvenient a child's birth is, you take care of your own
meh
i dont agree
what do you mean?
wait
i dont think men have any obligationto children women choose not to abort against their will when abortions legal
and they arent married
you don't agree that your child is your responsibility?
and it was an accident between ppl dating a month
nope
not in the face of "chocie"
choice"
marriage is the means by which men take responsibilty for their children
a singl emom who doesnt abort?
or giv eup for adoption
well
while the man has zero say in the matter
alters the equation
imo
this is where world cultures differ
nto if theyve been living together for 10 yrs
obv
im talkign abotu real accident
eh, children are nothing if not claimed
slok
ih ave an uncle with like 3 "lovechildren"
my h knocke dhis babymomma
up
after 2 months
but if they don't live in his household, they aren't hi
his
they were honeless
even if everyone knows he's the father
she was 16 he was 21
she DELIBARATELY made the vocal decision
to have th ebaby
and get welfare
andlive in her moms trailer
oh she one of those
this was a DISCUSSION
that really took place
they knew each other 2 months
in the woods
for men in many parts of the world your child's welfare is linked to your character.
AtlasB: what if you're in a relationship, right?
and your SO knocks you up
choice delinks thats
but won't marry you
and doesn't want you to abort
what do you do?
not married
right i think thsats PROBABLY different
I just feel careless .I don't think I've said anything too inflammatory. But jeez usually when I link things from amazon they let me PREVIEW the message first. Not this time. It sent immediately
personally i still wouldnt enforce suppor ton it
but witzies made me bend a little
i think marriage creates legitimacy
witzie's what?
and the male responsibility
women allowing men the benefits of marriage
without the paper
then crying he doesnt want to be a father
"but weve lived together 10 years!!!"
yes
and youre a mistress
not a wife
have a bastard
the delinking of male responsibility from the baby is a result of the female unilateral choice
imo
I agree
its not a baby becaus ehe fertilized
this conversation is making me sad
its a baby because she didnt abort
once women were not seen as belonging to men, as their charge
right
the sense of responsibility disappeared
but on the flipside i had to agree with witz
that a man living with a woman
for 10 yrs
gettign the benefits of everythign a wife
then knockign her up in that context
is not the same thing as my h knocking some broad up after two months
so removingmarriage
lol
at all!!
basically complicated everything
oh passer i totlaly missed that
no one would have notice dif yu hadnt mentione dit
dontsweat it
:p
were a tiny group
but i think all of us in irc 
yeah
she should have pressured for marriage.
its not like it was on reddit
lol
a man can walk if he wants
ive share my irl name and picture before here if it makes you feel better lol
yeah, removing the social pressure of having a long term marriage lead to extremes
"long term marriage"
you mean marriage
haha
no I mean divorce being out of the question
that made me cringe
unless you want to live as a pariah
im perfectly happy to live in a world where men are pressed to be fathers
but that cant be a world where th ewoman has a unilateral chocie
what if the ten yr living togethe rman
DESPERATELy wants the baby
that social pressure lead to many families holding a standard. Now it's a mix of happy households and broken homes.
and says ill marry you
please please
dont abort!!!
and she say
nah
fuck you
and aborts
he ha snone of the rights and all of the responsibilities
and thats not just
We're not a hate group. I'm cool.
and blended families :D
what i find hilarious
are all these baby mamas
blende dfamieies ar ebroken homes
running around dictating shit to the wife
saying "well i'm his child's mother!!"
sure
like that means something
thats why im glad we dotn see his kid
an dhis kid HAS a father andmother
she had two other kids
of course
in her trailer
with the new dad
she has 3
i have 0
yay
the future doesnt belong to me
it belongs to her
AtlasB: you read this book? http://www.davepelzer.com/books/childcalledit.html
no
R's ex doesn't dictate stuff to me as far as i'm concerned
but she probably sees me as teh young bitch that's just passing through. who knows
that book is disturbing
child support and fathe r involvement
means theres NEVEr a real divorce
do you have cousins, atlasb
there sno divorce
you jhust are allowed to fuck other ppl
yeh
a couple
what happens when a woman with the maturity of a ten year old bears a child she does not love
child support for another 8 years and alimony ends in august
ones a weir dmillenial FA girl
nerd
we should have taken her from my dads sister
lol FA girl
and my mom should have raise dher
shes a genius
liek everyone in my dads side
what a waste!
weirdo
my h ha sa crush on her
"shes a young you!!"
oh im so flattered
ty
hahha
thats supposed to be flattering
relaly
he thinks that
what do you tell him when he says that?
i jus tlook at him annoyed
whats to tell him
men dont stop being menbecaus eyour emarried
lolol i know
jus tbecaus eYOURE h or bf doesnt say it to you donest mean its not happening
mines just supe rhonest
your bf wants to bang your sisters
your cousins
sometime syour mom
thats men
I am not like that though
snowflake
when I am with a woman my focus is on her
d'aww
that's cute
been with someone 10+ years yet?
call me
I am like that. but I'm a dishonest beta
then again, I have extreme expectations 
call me in ten yrs mash
well it's been two years so far
nothing
heh
honeymoon
how many years into your relationship with H did you feel like you knew him, AtlasB ?
7 yr itch
here's the thing AtlasB 
well considering he sorta flippedout when his stepdad died
i guess not really til then
when I am in a relationship I am not with a woman. I own her.
i mean i though ti knew himm right away
you neve rknow each other
becaus eppl change over time
bt i do know him
now very well
I don't get that feeling of ownership when an attractive woman walks by, so I don't get distracted.
i was with my ex 8 yrs
he never talked
who know sif i kne whim
he never talked?
i know my h doesntknow me at all
and doesnt care
not really
so how did yall even carry on a relationship?
sex, hugs and kisses, shared bills
he hung out with his friends a lot
very traditional low rent irish guy at the bar
i guess
he wa sknown for not talking
i can't see how you can hold a relationship
without knowing your SO
thats why everyone thought he was deep and smart
lol
oooh that XXXXXX, hes so mysterious
AtlasB> i know my h doesntknow me at all <-- yeah, this is why I can't be with an NT girl. Being with me is like being at confession every day.
yeh that smy h
he vocalizes every fleeting thought
all day
and in his sleep
no I am the other way around
R makes it a point to understand me
he could kno wme
he doesnt care to
he cares about himself
it's nice :3
girls who keep things close to their chest don't mesh well with me
i dotn care ot be understood by him
no
your emisunderstanding
he doesnt care
id tell him everythign abotu me
oh, lol
he doesnt even know wha tmy favorite band is
he hasnt watched my favorit emovie
You are the witness to his life
yes
taht's an ENTJ for you though
im the wind beleath his wings
flyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
but I have noticed this in NT girls, they can talk facts/memories/thoughts but they don't like to hear the question "how do you feel when you X?"
flyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
i was an audience to his universe
oh yeh
but that was it
he admired that i was a good audience
my ex
becaus ei dont have those kinds of feelings mash
its not hiding them
all NTs hate that question
it's not a gender thing
i dotn have them
sure you do, you just don't like to admit it :D
youre asking me how a table feels to be wood
no
i dont
stop projecting
see thats why NT hate everyone
i DOINT have them
rofl
Lol
youre WRONG
right now i have feelign of hatred and rage
I'm NT 
ill share
lol
your enot intj
How does feeling that make you feel?
you dont understand intj
no one who isnt one understands us
I had to learn to be aware of the vibes I get to certain people/situations
and projects their bs on us
i do not have the feeling sinside youd think i have
an dyoull neverknow
i have feelings
i have big cosmic pain for the human condition
yeah
but if you were bleeding and crying a tmy feet id be an iceberg
i have no feelings all day
yeah most people are completely off about what I'm thinking or feeling
but you don't want to talk about it often
unless a movie induces them
re: "i have big cosmic pain for the human condition"
i watch super duper painful movie slike pornography
to feel
very wow
my h says i have no feelings all the time
becaus eh ha sSO MANY FEEEEELINGSSS
all the time
lol
heh
someone has to not have feelings
i wake up every day perfectly happy like a computer programmed to be
i have no emotional memories
i barely remember life things
yeah i can't relate to that at all
my brain is full of quilt patterns and guitar tab
all my memories are emotional
i barely remember details
i have zero moods
ive never had a mood
i'm in moods all the time!
I mean sure, as an NT I'm pretty much even keel until I am provoked or am getting things done day to day
for a while i was a rapid cycling mood swinger
i have perfectyl content or reacting to external stimuli
i have no internal uncause dmoods
i'm much better now. very even and steady at 70% gaf
but even I go through emotions when dealing with a significant other
right
that give sme immeidate feelings
if my h and i fight i ge tupset and cry
if we part for 2 minutes
an dhe talsk normal to me
from the living room
poof
gone
hmm
likeit never happened
i can feel bad from events a week ago
even if the stimulus is gone
i cant sustain a negative affect away from the direct stimulus
because I need to understand my partner completely, I would want to talk about the emotions ASAP. I imagine that would drive you nuts AtlasB 
it just floats away
cuz i remember how it feels
.mbti
it's not logical at all
sunhappy right
it's purely a physical reaction
i dont remember feelings
to feels
i remember the facts of an event
but i dont refeel it
feels can make me have ulcers
Mashakos: 
that would make me think you aren't an NT
thats why i cant hol dgrusdges
hold grudges
every NT i've ever dealt with doesn't NEED to talk about feels
my motivation is understanding patterns Sunhappy 
everyone here sees me have giant fights with ppl
I just mask it as empathy
then become best friends
muahahaha
like it neverhappened
NTs don't have empathy i though
*thought
becaus eit didnt to me
its gone
no one has empathy
what ppl call empathy is projection
fiar
*fair
extros and women think they have empathy
they just project hwo theyd feel in a situation
i don't care about patterns as much as motivations
not one person has ever empathized with me
or cared to
if someone hurts my feelings, i don't take it personally so long as i know it wasnt' their intention
then i'm over it
or understood if they were hurtingme
or cared
i think NTPs may have more feels than NTJs
Js are better at compartmentalization i think
I can see a scenario where you would have lingering resentment/hate AtlasB. If you feel the other person's logic can't be trusted. 
ENTJ has maximum empathy
an adverse response to incompetence
It's on the sidebar of /r/ENTJ
if the other person is clearly hypocritical for example
Better than the rest
As usual
But I mean I agree with AtlasB I feel the closest you can get is to generalize a concept
my fav MBTIs in order are INTJ, INFJ/P, ENFJ and then maybe ENTJs if they aren't my SOs and the rest
And empathize with that
I don't care about hypocrisy
More hypocrisy please
Hypocrisy is the glue that binds xivilzatiin together
seriously? I hate people who I cannot fully trust
Nothing to do with trust
I don't resent ppl
They just are dead
a hypocritical person is willing to say whatever is needed to maintain self interest
The walking dead
And they don't even know ot
that is a major problem for me
There are several dead ppl in here
guess I am projecting
Who don't know it
that's scary lol
You cease to be a person to me
eh, death is overrated
You're not mine
who cares if you live 100 years? What matters is what you achieve and build
Me
oh
I want to live forever
I get what you are saying now
Uploaded 
Downloaded in a robot
that is a cool way of looking at it AtlasB, but sometimes.... 
Who cares
As long as I'm me
you have to deal with these "dead" people
you can't just rub them out of your life
if you are uploaded you aren't you anymore Atlas
No idont
I drop ppl like hot potatos
Precipitously and without warning 
sometimes you're stuck with em
well, depends on your life choices
I'm never stick with anyone 
Ill move
lol
only stick with someone if they bring value to life
Ill quit
Ill go live in the woods 
could you drop your H?
what happens when you rule your own evil empire, and have to negotiate with other evil empires?
I can't conceive of it sun
ah
so Mashakos 
I don't want to rule empires
i read in several places that INxJs have this gift of the "door slam"
yep
I want to live on a unabomber shack with wifi
where they really can coldly cut someone off
and not give a fuck
I changed the LoCos on my ex
Locks
i am similar. are you also quick to forgive/reset, atlasb
Sunhappy: I know, had it done to me once
When knocked I threw his trucker bag at him
it takes a lot for me to door slam
a lot
And slammed the door
He had no idea it as coming 
hey aZombieKitten !!
Hey! I'm at work, so I can't talk much. :p
no worries!
living with actual grudges or resentment is only harmful to yourself
We had a marriage license
Yeh
people who hold grudges
I keep telling my h thatsl
Its killing him
are usually emotionally temperamental people 
yeah
grudges for me are usually physically toxic, so now i just cut them off
He's mercurial
for me, those I hate cease to become people. They become obstacles.
in the process of deciding to cut someoen else off, and it's hard
she needs to trigger me haha
like flirt with R or something
and it becomes a game of how do I make the obstacle as inconsequential as possible?
Mashakos:  what is your MBTI?
INTP
aren't INTPs really emotional?
you seem like the type to forgive/reset without problems though, atlasb
Yup
maybe when they are younger
like fucking huge drama queens about their feels
but maybe I'm just projecting
No
that they try to rationalize or something
I don't know, I was never like that
I or give immediately and redet
And become better friends even 
but I was more "melancholy" in my teens
my brother is INTP
and i'm way less emotional than he is
oh
he's super logical but if you don't believe he's logical, he devolves into an INFP or something nutty
like he can't handle people questioning his genius
there are two kinds of INTP I have found
and he just goes crazy
those that like to control emotions
and those that like to avoid them
the ones who like to avoid emotions end up being drama queens
because they can't deal
my bro is also like
fem gay
in his thinking
so grain of salt :O
well, the ones who avoid emotions at all costs
tend to be on the submissive side
i see!!
they need someone to keep them together 
reign them in, settle them
that's why you have the goofy intp and the sober kind
i think of all the NTs, they're my least fav
i can't handle them
in debating situations.
you seem nice though :D
yeah all INTPs love to debate
Mashakos: what type are you?
INTP and ENTP both like it
INTP is more punchable though
drok++
.mbti
Wait filozof is not INFP
We have a lot of intro women
Drok I thought filozof said he was ENFP
the internet is th ehome of intros
thats why theyr ealways overrepresented
i can just get up inthe middle of comvos here without sayig goodbye an d go away
an dno one will be upset
lol
filo is trying to figur eotu what "the best" mbti is then pretend to be it
I'll be upset
youll never know
lol
opps i jus tlef tthe hous
ebye
lol
Lol!
Filozof is not infp
I Irish goodbye in real life
I say bye here
Hello all!
oops i just clicke doff the chat windo win th emiddl eof you telling me something
filo is a fkin noob
bye
Yeah INFP is like sunnie and buartha
that's just what he thinks he is.
But I wander off IRL
and cakeforyouall
ruh roh
whycome livid
atlasB go get out the house
filozof is closer to intj, tbh
When I go to target with someone invariably they lose me down an aisle
GO
lol blowing
we can argue about whether he makes a good one, or but he's still closer to that
i am actually
i have a hom einspection today
you guys have issues
some work I had schedualed today got cancelled, and my shitbox car is threatening to die.
I'd probably keep you on a leash
he's not P, he's very stubborn and judgmental like the rest of us Js
esfj
Right
Is he E?
People with social anxiety are not E
dunno i dont feel INxx from him
at all
mornin
So, instead of getting at least 12 billable hours in today, I get to dick around with a couple of configs for . . . . maybe an hour? tops.   And glare at reddit until it amuses me.
9:40 AM <drok> I'd probably keep you on a leash
Me?
I honestly think ISTJ or INTJ
Yes you
i can see istj
I'd chew out of it when you weren't looking
thats the three letter match i usually dont get along with
the S
sernemesis
http://www.unz.com/gnxp/the-gaels-were-from-scythia/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=the-gaels-were-from-scythia
hey AtlasB 
oh thanks
leash chewing can be hawt,  or hillarious if the leash is a good bit of chain.
Nah I'm always on the move, once I don't feel the tension I would know something is up
it references the ulster cycle books i was recommending to firion
red branch and finn maccool
jp mallory is one of hte best indoeuropeanists
you knwo th emovie quest fo rfire i keep trying to recommend
You just described, like, my whole life drok!
the guy who wriote clockwork orange
Once that tensions gone
constructed a proto indoiaryan language
for rae dawn chongs ppl
from roots
Check the leash
whats his name
anthony burgess
I always get bored when the tension is gone
i dont like tension
Haha
RedManBearPig life with an ENFP is never boring in that way
i have a bad amygdala reaction to it
becaus eim hypervigilant
Anxiety kicks in?
i just feel liek fight or flight fight or flight
in fact ive tried to explain that to my h
but he doesnt car elol
hahahaha
i cant fight him an di cant flee
so he just stresses me out sometimes
so you freeze
How's everyone today? 
people often forget about freeze
yeh ive freezed
and I like F's, depending on strong it is blowing
ENFP sounds like fun
Nothing wrong with F
I like competing with ESFP's though
I enjoy a strong F once in awhile
noow how did me and razib khan both read morgan llewellyn
ESTP's*
what drives disparate ppl
of a similar type
towrds the same things and interests
PJ is ESTP
ESTP is usually poison to me
Good morning!  I'm doing well.  Getting ready to bust out some work
enfp's make me fun
tak eme on adventures
I can see that
thats why my mom and me were a good pair
when i wa syoung
she definitely made me fun
she didnt let me dork out
an dstay home
Right on! I'm working from home today, which means mostly working on home between emails, lol
AtlasB: i would be your adventure buddy if I lived there and your H allowed me around
yeh
I mean
wed have fun
Even ESFP is fun
Side note: your H would never allow me around
oh hed allow you
do you liek wommen?
lol
oh youd have no choice
lol
Hahahaaa
haha
he thins thats what women have friends for
him
right, i'd put him at INTJ or ISTJ as well. the reason he thinks he's F is because he feels strong emotions and values them, but the way he acts or talks is T
like the way he flatly disparages himself
and made griddy feel bad for him
when do intjs disparage themselves
Lol like you're out wing manning for him
ive never seen it
that attitude of "but what? it's true about me"
it's not the disparaging, atlasb
he ha sno interest in accumulating mastery knowledge
well everything is true about me because I'm always 90% right
wheres his intj catalogues of knoewldge?
He asks a lot of questions though
it's consistently saying things contradictory to his feels
he snot an intuitive theoretician
I said INTJ or ISTJ, AtlasB 
you have to wonder about the intent of the questions
ISTJ is like a worker bee
witzie opens her face spontaneously and perfectly true intuitive theories come out
there's a striking diff, an 'F' like griddy cared more about the fact that he was disparaging himself
an dshes barely educate din the humanities
bad feels
he didn't care
because he perceived what he was saying as truth
I don't think he's intj
That's characteristically T
i neve rmet an intj i couldnt relate to
I don't know about the N/S part
i bet istj
nah no intj for sure
Yeah I'm way more comfortable with that
Why not an F?
He's pretty emotional
Lol he thought he was ENFP in the beginning, we just put him at ISTJ
I don't think that constitutes for F though
Right
ENTJ get angry
Yeah
ENTJ do anger as their feeling?
the urge to bite
Yeah
So if sad is the feeling then what?
if feeling sad, fight it
solve it
lol no
No there are two ENTJ emotions
Not what would an ENTJ do
Satisfactory, and angry
hahaha
Such a wide spectrum
It is
I mean there are probably a few others
T has emotions
What I mean is filo doesn't have the ENTJ anger
happy is not one of them
They just don't think with them
lol @ people saying i'm an S type
right
I think FILO thinks with feelings is what I'm saying
Maybe INTP
no
he's not as annoying as INTP's though
Why no
to me atleast
I agree it's not INTJ
I think F
SPRG
I feel like INTP
I think he thinks with his feelings
" <AtlasB> he ha sno interest in accumulating mastery knowledge"
wait, what?
That's follows with INTP
Jack4ss: not nice
They just question everything like he does
im not a nice person
I'm going with INTP
i always wanted to know every single thing
Final answer?
i can't stand the thought of somebody knowing more than me
Yes blowing, final answer
filozof: you do ask lots of questions
But he does have an odd J streak
drok: you're saying i'm INTP? weird, you were saying i'm a J earlier
To get all angles
still, i don't really give a crap about MBTI
just like i don't give a crap about horoscopes
Yeah filozof, I agreed with fiat. and he is correct in his analysis
What's it mean when you give someone a compliment and they say why?
I just think there is room for it in INTP
Think blushing and chasingstatues
And Mashakos even
They all have their stubborn streaks
He thing that throws me off the is the gay hate
" <blowing> What's it mean when you give someone a compliment and they say why?"
Because filozof you do that
it means you want people to justify what they're saying
to know if the compliment is genuine
http://imgur.com/NS9bFCY
not bad
You always put me on the spot
or you're often fishing for further compliments
so that you can feel better about yourself
i don't recall a specific situation when i did that
If I say I'm sure you'll be ok and you're like why are you sure of it
but it's entirely possible i did
And I'm like HALP
haha
because you're just making unsubstantiated claims
to make me feel better
Why is that bad
and i dont believe them, they mean nothing to me
To comfort someone
unless you can justify it
It's what people do
listen blowing i'm not saying that's bad
you're not bad at all
fuck that head though BTL
i'm sure it helps lots of people
what if she wants to be bad :D
blowing: don't aid him
it just doesn't do much for ma
ENFP vs. INTP right now
me*
if he wants to be fucking autistic sperg
let him be
lol
thanks BeyondTheLight, i'm blushing
no amount of trp is going to fix that
aww
It'll be ok because you at least have one person willing to do the comfort talk with you!
how to be less autistic: get out in the real world and talk to people
thanks for telling me i'm hopeless
it's so nice
And cares enough to to make you feel better
blowing: i appreciate that
that's part of it Sexy
i wonder how Trump's debate snub is going to go
np filozof 
i don't want you to think you did anything wrong
i'm INTP too I had to go out and start acting extro to be more normal
i'm rooting for him to make the media look like idiots
I always there to help
If I didn't care I would tell you to go dig a hole and sit in it so when you die you'll be no bother
but you also have extro spergs
really?
in fact I know quite a few
yes
extro sperg seems far worse
compelled to interact, but don't know how
extro spergs are really eccentric, wonderful people
no
really?
they interact in their own way
Good afternoon!
give zero fuck about the normal rules of interaction usually
that is cool
Hello!
n0c0 was an extro sperg
he was an E type
Who?
diagnosed with aspergers
you can get away with breaking the rules if you adhere to them in other ways such as being cool
He didn't come off spergy to me
a former user of this chat
blowing, if you're confused - thoughts and feelings don't have to conflict. It's a matter of prioritization. obviously "T" can feel (we're not robots), and "F" can think rationally. buartha for instance identifies as "F" type but he's clearly capable of rational thought, better than most
it's when they come into conflict, "F" prefer to prioritize feelings 
the thing is sexy spergdom overlaps with ADHD
he did say that people were surprised when they learned he was a (literal, not like me) sperg drok 
i guess he just learned to interact well
filozof is an emotional guy but when you make those conflicts explicit to him
well yes
he'll pick what he believes is "true" regardless of feeling
more often than not
Interesting
just because you are literally autistic it doesn't mean you have to become the stereotype
like 2 of the spergs I know have ADHD and autismo
Thanks fiat !
iirc he has even disparaged people who "followed their passions"
He had good taste in women, was a DJ, and black. That's all I know.
in terms of career
that is more "T" than "F"
i think if there was an evidence of me being P type, i start 90% of my sentences with "i guess"
Sexy spergdom lol
becuase i dont want to be too certain
a black sperg i've never even heard of that!
What
i guess
Right
filozof: i used to say i guess
The wuestions are P
but then i realized that when people say "i know" they mean it differently than when an INTP says it
i'm pretty sure saying i guess comes off as weak sometimes, i need to say it less i guess
they mean "i believe that" while we think "it is 100% objective fact that"
I have an INTP who annoys the shit out of me and says I guess
often i'm very certain and stubborn when talking to people
You have one?
it does come off as weak and you should avoid saying i guess, its also a matter of good english grammar
why is it ungrammatical?
We also should perceive certain traits outside of the MBTI paradigm
you have to sound like you're backing up your statements 100% because you can always backtrack anyway, look at clinton, "i did not have sexual relations with that woman" lol
part of good english grammar is being brief and saying what you mean
there are things i'm certain of, though
Hey filozof what's your sign?
"i guess" is against both of those
i just often don't want to be too certain because i don't want to be wrong
SexyMcSexington: not necessarily
To the part about good grammar being brief
correct grammar has nothing to do with being "brief"
its ok to be wrong because we are talking to a mixed audience who perceive right and wrong as not necessarily objective
actually it does
it's not okay to be wrong
No
don't use extra words when they aren't needed
i dont care about perception, i care about not being wrong
That's not grammar
Yeah I wondering about what is actually incorporated in MbTI RedManBearPig
its my perception
so do I but people interpret it differently
then how I do
https://www.yahoo.com/politics/bernie-sanders-is-getting-a-surge-of-volunteers-in-150511299.html
*than
"When not organizing for Sanders, Rhodes is a Web developer and the founder of NoFap, which he described as an online community dedicated to helping people recover from addiction to pornography. He said he was inspired to create the site based on his own experiences."
reddit...
blowing: well i took grammar classes and thats what they taught
i dont think much is incorporated into the MBTI
it's almost voodoo
SexyMcSexington: I too took grammar classes also known as school
the problem is that a lot of people are worried about mbti being a rating of ability
pretty sure there are some correlations between types
i see it being more of a self-identification platform
but nothing too special
I am not certain if we could attribute asking questions to P. I think it's more a matter of resolve and why the questions are asked.
blowing: grammar fite me
You are confusing proper grammar with writing style.
being "J" doesn't make more better at judgments 
That doesn't make sense filozof it doesn't predict anything
or make me less capable of being perceptive
it's a matter of what i prioritize
filozof: what's your sign
blowing: bull
i prioritize having some answer, vs no answer
i was born april 22
same with "T" vs "F".
Bull?
"While Reddit is typically associated with millennials, Newhall, who is 66, bristled when we pointed out he didnt seem like a typical redditor. Ive been online all kinds of ways for 30 years, Newhall said. Ive been on Reddit since it started."
i'm not an unemotional robot
hahaha
blowing: what does that say about me asking questions
i just prioritize fact over feeling
and being emotional
hmmm perhaps my teachers took the point that writing in long form is objectively bad (like using passive voice) but that may be because they were geared to writing for scientists
pragmatism over feeling, etc
its about what i personally value
sure but others don't
filozof: you're a Taurus
.mbti INFP filozof delete
as long as you're aware
.mbti INTP filozof
I took a good picture of my dog today if anyone would like to see http://i.imgur.com/V2u6KSA.jpg 
oh, i didn't know you don't call them like that in English blowing 
it's still bull
One of your top strengths as a Taurus is that you are persistent
drok: just FYI, the first time i tried answering MBTI as honest as i could my result was INFP
Regal!
although i still dont understand plenty of the answers
the test is vague
lol astrology 
Thank you!
Adorable!
I'm not much of a dog person, but my husband wants to get one when we move to a place with a yard
I am doone mbti were as bad as is
10:13 AM <blowing> filozof: you're a Taurus
that's true blowing, AtlasB would say i'm persistent in searching for the perfect MBTI to pretend to be for example
filozof: Taurus  weaknesses are - Stubborn, Laziness, Possessive, Materialistic, Self-indulging
For a moment I thought she was calling you a crappy car
You don't come across as INFP, the questions might have been poorly worded for you
Lol
They can be quite a handful... we have two. 
online tests suck filo. i don't trust the EQ/SQ online tests either
i swear by MBTI
My family always had cats growing up, so I'm not used to dogs as much
though i end up agreeing with most of their assessments of where i lie
Fiat do you know DISC
for business
So if you trust MBTI only as much as you do astrology filozof then there's the other half of your analysis
why don't you guys do enneagram?
I see. Cats are a lot easier, for sure. Dogs require a lot more attention. 
I haven't taken that, protopill 
I think a lot of these things are sheer correlation and simple grouping of traits.
Yeah, cats are lower maintenance 
i haven't analyzed that. i've analyzed EQ/SQ tests though and they are bad
im going to autoforward all the chainmails from my grandpa to my mom (his daughter)
filozof: http://zodiac-signs-astrology.com/zodiac-signs/taurus.htm
Do you have to pay Sunhappy ?
they happen to score me midpoint for EQ and high for SQ which happens to match my self-assessment, but i still think they're bad
no, there are tons of free tests online
tbf, my trust for both astrology and mbti is practically 0
Our dogs are pretty well trained, but the strangest changes throw them off and that can be a nightmare
Like, I'm sure seasonal things correlate with certain traits, thus the air, water, fire, etc.
What's EQ and SQ?
Oh, add one to the bot
emotional quotient
and systematizing quotient
Here's the other one, because she's pretty and she knows it haha http://i.imgur.com/iUMLckb.jpg 
EQ is supposed to measure how well  you empathize i think
and SQ is about how you systematize things
not "how well" that misleads people to think it's about ability
Awww.  Cute, fluffy dogs!
Thank you :) 
My astrological sign is spot on
when it should be about self-identification.
My sister has a pitbull mix of some kind and seeing how she is with her dog makes me more keen on the idea of having one
i'm pretty sure it is about ability though
it actually sucks for determining actual empathizing ability
She's learned how to handle him on walks and doesn't let him drag her around. He's really like a big cuddly teddy bear
That's just chick crack
Aww that's sweet
i'm 1w2
https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type-1/
although you could say that EQ measures how inclined you are to empathize, not how well you do it
is that what you mean fiat ?
What's chick crack?
She feels safer with him too!
ok, yes, filozof 
10:18 AM <blowing> What's chick crack?
Puppies
1:09 PM <filozof> i just often don't want to be too certain because i don't want to be wrong--- right thus is why I know you're not an intj
Yes they definitely do help with that if you live alone
Blowing: numerology, astrology, all that stuff
a lot of mbti tests have the same problems i saw with the EQ/SQ test
Palm reading
Tarot
tarot
lol
Fate and destiny stuff
that's why i'm skeptical of the tests themselves. i honestly trust this IRC's assessment of your mbti over online tests, filozof 
She doesn't get as anxious or paranoid when she's home alone or out walking in her kind of sketchy neighborhood 
My BFF is a Gemini and that's one of my most compatible signs so FU
Right after I moved up to live with B, he went to Cali for a week for his cousin's boot camp graduation - the dogs definitely helped me feel safer in a new place
i still want to be an extro though
10:19 AM <AtlasB> 1:09 PM <filozof> i just often don't want to be too certain because i don't want to be wrong--- right thus is why I know you're not an intj
astrology is hard
i'm a Leo
He's an entj right?
i don't act like a Leo at all
also I just googled my compatible signs lol
i wouldn't be surprised if i am one deep down
We learned MBTI in my engineering management class anyway
Because I had no idea
no protopill 
BUT
i'm not
lol  protopill 
Taurus is one of my worst matches
I bet
hes not an entj
i dont know wher eyou got that
We aren't compatible at all filozof
Cat's just don't offer that in the same way
<,virgo
He told me
Lol
You want to be extro?
blowing: my hopes are ruined :(
then dont be here
No joke, cats sort of just exist 
he wont tak eth etest honestly
Stop having social anxiety
go meet up with people
becaus ehe thinks theres a "Desirable" type
AtlasB: you're a Virgo???????
which is why i think hes extro or S
yah
haha
" <drok> Stop having social anxiety" - lol
extroversion has nothing to do with socializing
That's the only way to be extro
it is, but its not that easy
an extro can draw energy from online socialization and ego reflection
Atlas you and my H are both INTJ virgos 
is social anxiety related to extro
i'm pretty sure im working on stopping to have social anxiety, it's difficult and a long process though
im SO shocked blowing
lots of earlier programming has to be undone
actually jack
And by that not at all
i think thats a thought worth exploring
You shouldn't want to be another type
my problem as a kid wa si didnt have ENOUGH sociual anxiety
i always said im an extro with social anxiety
Hmm, I have 4 hours til B is home, then I am getting my hair done an hour and a half after that... I wonder how much more of the house I can get cleaned by then. 
It's just what you are
i thougt i was awesome and barrelassed into every social group
i dont think these two are incompatible
like HI!!! play wif me!!!
wooo!
and they wer elike ew
Hahaha!
whats wrogn with you
lol
my mom had to teach me
You're like a lab puppy
to crawl into th ewolf pack on my belly
hang back
its not about social anxiety
not assert myself immediately
its about social cluelessness
extros have no internal self except for entjs
Man I know nothing about this astrology stuff I have to look it up
My cat is very affectionate, she curls up in my lap while I'm on my cpu all the time
so theyre worried about social interaction
because they dont HAVe fully formed autist egos
How big is the house?
they fear the reflection
of the group
new theory formulating
thank you jack
Ok intros, I'm out of here. See AtlasB ? I say bye lol
lol
BYE!
Not big, 860 square feet. I already finished the living room, it's the kitchen, master bedroom, and bathroom that need the most work. 
did someoen say my name
yes
Kitchen is halfway done, I just want to wipe down the counters and stovetop
what is this?!!!!!
Our place is a little bit bigger than that
And take out the recycling
have i done something wrong
ithanke dyou for giving me theory fodder
no
youre adorable
Jack4ss++
Yeah, it's super tiny. It's an okay starter home though, I love our woodstove. 
my cat tippytoe
growls
when she hears strange car doors slam
its socute
lol
Sounds like it!
That's funny lol
"The areas of the body that Cancer governs are the breast and the stomach."
So that's why I'm a tit man.
We're in an apartment which has it's pros and cons lol
Makes sense.
my h is a cancer
What?
I should look into this astrology stuff more
.context
AtlasB's H++
my h is a cancer and a chinese snake
It's truly nice not having to deal with a landlord, we can change whatever we want
i am virgo and rooster
all super compatible
snake and rooster are made for each other
virgos and cancers
i found this on facebook and i think this is a terrible way to raise a daughter.
https://www.facebook.com/lovewhatreallymatters/photos/a.710462625642805.1073741828.691679627521105/1050392618316469/?type=3&theater
Both, Cancer man and Virgo woman are compatible to each other because of their mutual understanding. The two zodiac signs will be strongly tied with love, affection and trust. They just need to control their extreme sensitiveness and critical nature.
Hold on have to look that one up
Aries
And tiger
Leos <3
What's so terrible about that?
subheadline: honestly, just never be honest
People in Chinese zodiac Tiger sign enjoy the feeling in love. They are clumsy in flirting but practical in action. They possess a special charm which makes people admire them. In fact, they are a bit sensitive in relationship, and tend to be over enthusiastic, which may scare people away. They are usually very lucky in love, for they can get the real love
through easy attempt, and they always have a lot of pursuers around.
i have a leo rising
^^ lol 
which is my showpony aspect
my extro veneer
"The stomach area is very sensitive to Virgo. Stroke it, circle their belly button with your finger, give them a light belly massage. This makes them feel warn and will help open them up a little bit. Be gentle, no sudden moves or vicious acts like biting or slapping, this will startle them and cause them to retreat."
Lol fuck this
Well now
i dont believe in astrology
Tell your daughter the truth about the world, or she's in for a rude, hard awakening much later in life. 
I mean, I've been underweight my whole life and I still have food/body issues. 
i just like it
We are doing astrology now?
its still interesting
who cares if its true
it holds  some human truth in it somewhere
"As time progresses, sex with Virgo becomes more and more sensual. These are not the type of people who will engage in a one night stand, they are too reserved and prudish for that."
Hahahaaha
thats my leo rising
Chick crack even gets AtlasB
AWALT
yah
my h believes in astrology
but hes very religious and magicla
such bullshiot
if my mom hadnt helped me by criticizing my weight
an dhelping me get a nose job
chinese zodiac's predictive power is almost nil except for the fact that it just says people on the opposite sides of the wheel don't get along
i d have been a fat ugly jew dork
i think my office banned rush limbaugh on the computers :(
wait no.
basically, if there's about 6 years of difference between you two, then it's less likely to work
yayyyy
that's basically all it is.
Stupid fat acceptance/ignorance stuff.
I love your description though, it makes me think of Princess Vespa in Space Balls
lol
I could see some slight logical basis for zodiac type generalizations - there might be slight slight different average characteristics between people born 9 months after prom vs 9 months after valentines day vs 9 months after NYE vs other times etc
lmao wingN
Horse don't do as well in rationship with rat. Why? 6 years difference.
fuuuuck
yes
witzie
yes, that's where I see most of the power of horoscopes comes from as well witzie
ive always thought
This is the first picture when you go to imgur right now - http://imgur.com/gallery/NS9bFCY 
I can only see it being quite slight though 
that the zodiac reflects when you were conceived
i never owned a scale - always an athlete - then i developed hypothryoidism and nobody said "hey, you've put on 25lbs in 6 months". my clothes didn't fit differently because I got fat all over. but c'mon people, be honest
when you take millions of births into account
not born the chemistry of the body 
not just where/when you were conceived, but you look at the type of parents
all you girls like your spiritual stuff
yeah
type of parents
if th emoon and planets effect the tides
who'd decide to have unprotected sex
and everythign on earth
on those times of the year
type of parents who get knocked up on prom night
or valentines day
etc
why not womb chemistry?
right WingN 
I've always wished my friends would call me out if I am looking like a slob or wearing something that doesn't compliment my shape 
you can be a good mother, and love your daughter
I have ONE friend who will, and that's it. 
and not like, talk about her body as a means to attract men or something
that's taking it a bit far for me
or that otoo
virgos
are NYE babie
whats 9 mo. after new years eve
i took the piss out of my flatmate once for having this stick in her room which kept away the bad spirits, and then she got upset
lolol
but AtlasB 
witz i dotn believe it im just saying i can see it
"Teach your daughter how to cook kale."
I'm sure theres a differenc ebetween babies whos pregnancies were mainly during winter
its reflecting SOMETHING real
low vitamin D, low sunlight etc
yeh
yes
compared to summer
like what does that even mean?? how is that relevant to love
idk
right
makes sense
lots of sweating, strain, lots of vit D
Haha, that top comment whistling_dixie "Well, that's one way to get her pregnant again."
or even
in older days
harvest vs winter, etc
kale = healthy food, not kale specifically 
pregnant wives still worked the fields
i think its likely the zodaic is the wrong explanation for a real phenomenon
that'll have an effect
i guess lol
kittenkajira all the comments on that were pretty entertaining I thought, but yes - picture one is not likely to!
I never learned to cook from my mom
it just stuck out to me lol
I didn't learn to cook from my mom either, she made box dinners or picked up fast food
it wouldn't be universal though
a lot of these are cultural and geographic based factors
that I'm thinking of
right because diff conditions at diff times
yeh
winter and summer, cultural holidays
i learned how to cook because i got a bf
thats whyall cultures seem to have a version
harvest time
Which now that I'm an adult, makes me wonder just how lazy she truly was, she was a SAHM and didn't keep the house together either
and mom had that "i told you bitch" wink lol
i believe in the wisdom of religon, but not its facts
that's a cool transformation whistling_dixie . my mother also can't cook - to this very day. I taught myself via youtube, random cookbooks and a lot of burnt shit
I'm really good at breakfast foods, but that's about it
I don't actually like food very much so it's not interesting to me either
Same - I learned myself - I moved out at 18, realized how expensive it was to buy ready made garbage that wasn't even good for me, got cookbooks from the library because I was too broke for internet lol
have there been decent studies conducted to collect stats wrt to horoscopes 
i know it's subjective but stuff about married couples and their horoscopes
divorce rates, etc
that could be more objective, since we have hard numbers
Sign me up for meals in pill form
My mom's a pretty good cook, just had questionable food safety.  She would leave the leftovers on the stove, then heat them for breakfast the next day.
the fact that so many people believe in zodiac is an evidence for its truthfullness
but a weak one
...
I did that with pizza a lot :( 
As long as she heats them up enough?
just like peoples belief in god is evidence for his existence
I'm still alive.  :P 
My Gma left the milk in her trunk for a week
i can cook i just can't make fancy dinners
the way people justify spending $ on takeout is hysterical. "oh, it's so much cheaper than when i buy ingredients' "bitch you're supposed to buy in bulk, not tiny portions"
like old school mamas lol
milk in the trunk!!!
that's really shitty evidence though, just because people believe it
And right when she was going to go to the store for new milk, she found the milk in the trunk! 
i'm not even looking for strong correlations
When I went to Ireland we ate a pizza that we stored in the trunk of the rental car for like 2 days straight.
And cooked with it! 
one day, i want to make a complete thankgiving dinner from scratch
ewww
something as weak as the fact that most married couples are close in age
its more likely that people believe in god if he exists, ergo its more likely that he exists if people believe it
and that couples distant in age tend not to last as long in general
i didnt say its good evidence fiat
Oh wow, eww
The mac and cheese that thanksgiving was litterally the worst thing I've ever put in my mouth
that is weak evidence for chinese horoscope's legitimacy
i think its a very weak inductive evidence
And that was when we knew Gma was getting old
lol kittenkajira 
but at least it involves numbers
not feelings
Haha.  Using rancid milk.  Ew!
B is literally the easiest man alive to cook for, I think
i think the question is, where do people's belief in things like zodiac come from
He is just happy if it's edible, not tofu, and mostly healthy
one of the explanations is that there is some truth to that
it comes from lack of scientific method
My husband worked as a chef, he does the heavy lifting in the kitchen
Atavistic human perception of types
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZEP6glW4AQ
of course another explanation is that people just like maing up bullshit
this is brilliant
i love this
which is undoubtedly true
Same here.  He'd been fending for himself for his entire adult life, so was just happy to have someone else make him food.
Its too persistent
there's no such thing as scientific method fiat 
people see the correlations without digging into the exact causes and the processes involved
in such correlations
I actually tried to make tofu about a month ago, just to see what he'd think. He dumped it in the garbage and literally glared at me, looking back it was funny but he was so unimpressed
i think scientific method is a myth that is told to laymen so that they sleep better at night
just like santa
R would eat whatever i cooked for him
but he'd let it be known if he liked it or not
I went for a long stretch just marinating chicken and baking that and fixing salads almost every night - I got bored, but when I changed it up he was like "what was wrong with chicken and salad?"
what are you trying to say
that "scientists" function just like normal humans
soy isn't great for men, tbh....http://www.menshealth.com/nutrition/soys-negative-effects 
I swear guys can eat more monotonously than women and not care
they see things and draw conclusions
that's all science is
there's no secret "method"
scientists are subhuman aliens
But women need more variation in their diets 
simply put, i'm saying people don't put enough effort into finding out how things work. they're comfortable sticking with observations/correlations
that's why you get all this "wisdom"
imprecise wisdom
true, people often aren't too curious
and they make up simple explanations like magical zodiac types
We've got a really interesting project going on here - we're saving all of the political junk mail we get between now and the election
instead of digging furhter
That's true lo_andbehold.  Especially breakfast.  If your guy eats the same breakfast, don't change that up.  They can totally eat the same thing every morning and be happy.
the WHO for example has problems with doctors from non-first world countries
because they don't have the same habits
they'll find solutions to problems and be satisfied with that, often without digging deeply into why certain cures work
i always want to find out how things work
that kind of shit turns into "eastern medicine"
i'm not satisfied knowing that something appears when i press a button
I'm going to my first caucus in February.   I'm more excited now that J explained to me how it works.  
i want to know how it works down to electron level
"this cures that" / "why?" / "who knows. it's just ancient chinese wisdom"
and basic physics
that's also what leads to horoscopes, etc
correlations without inquiry into why certain things turn out the way they do
I thought it was just voting like election day.  Lol.
This is my first too!
we are both registered independents and yet the onslaught of political mail is unassailable. 
This is my first presidential election in IA
i tink its like how alchemy would stumbl eupon real phenomenon
but not have the  scientific framework to really explain it
zodaic is like technology vs science
for centuries people smelted steel and bronze
with no idea WHY or how it worked
it just did
they probably had intuitive false explanations
We were both registered libertarians
atlasb++
good comparison with technology
technology is basically effective application of our knowledge
right
Hi y'all
without concern for why it works
I changed my affiliation to caucus for Bernie, B is actually considering changing to republican just to caucus for Jeb - he is planning to vote Bernie, but he is really into this Jeb commercial and I am laughing so hard just thinking about it haha
Hi coochquarantine
And our knowledge will always be limited
for most of humanhistory
we dont know how ANYTHING works
no ne knew why leavening made the bread rise
we just know how to get it working
we still don't really know "why"
we just have fuller explanations for things
we explain planets' orbits with gravity
but we still don't know why gravity works
that's why there's a place for god
indeed
i do bu tno one will listen to me
lol
yeah cos thats the next best theory
the religious can say "god made the laws of physics"
LOGICALLY
because im not a scientomologist
i know what gravoity is.  its the combined forces of th emolecular bonds of a given object, thats why mass and gravity are related
and i dotn care if einstein rises from the grave
and makes up mor ebullshit
to say otherwise
but i would never argue with a physicist about it
because its intuitive
an di dont know enough physics
the repeated refrain from millenials i hear is that i like this socialist or this republican
it makes absolutely no sense to me
you cant have a libertarian or conservative bone in you rbody an dlike bernie sanders
he believes in a command economy
which is fine believe in that
but dont say youre a libertarian
i keep seeing that
i'm pretty sure every piece of mass has gravity
every piec eof mass has particle forces
and when mass is concentrated in a place, there is a strong gravity towards that place
because of the forces
post newtonian physics
has a religious platonic quality to me
i object to the platonic reification of Time as a "thing"
i dont know enough tho
i feel im right but who cares
the reification of certain concepts
reification of time is very unintuitive
that's why the theory of relativity is a shock
because its jew bullshit
lol
it has strong empirical basis
molecular bonds makes it sound chemical though
and that is electromagnetic force
not gravitational
unless we find a unification theory that merges the main forces
hahaha
quantum mechanics goes against intuition too, but that's because it's lower level which we dont experience with our eyes
i still can't accept true randomness exists
OK, so here's my thoughts on it
like quantum mechanics tries to claim
the copenhagen interpretation at least
i dont believe in schrodingers cat
i think schrodinger made up this experiment to mock the copenhagen interpretation, but im not sure
I don't agree 100% with any candidate who's out there as an option right now.  Rand Paul was my favorite option, but he does not have enough momentum to make up for how far behind he is.
thats why the peoples worship of schrodingers cat is weird to me
I mostly like Bernie, and consider myself an independent.  I switched to dem to participate in the caucus.
It isnt randomness
rand paul and bernie sanders are as literally diametrically opposed as two candidates can be
It is probability 
wingN ++
how is it possible to like one then the other
probability is a description of randomness
One of the important issues to me is campaign finance, and I am not comfortable voting for a candidate who gets the majority of their funding from corporations and wall street
You are right WingN
there cant be any understanding of politicla philosophy behind that
ok
I picked and chose what issues were more important to me
laymen worship schrodkngers cat because it's unintuitive, thought provoking, and involves a cat
Still not the same
Nah
That's why the two split experiment exists
besides campaign finance, which are? 
corporations and wall street are "the economy"
Two split experiment will fuck with your mind
laymen worship schrodingers cat because they dont know shit about physics
has anyone even thought about bernies assertion he wants to "shut down wall street"?
and its simple to understand
unlike the whole of physics
what does tha tmean'
It's just a thought experiment
Honestly, healthcare, which I do agree with Bernie on. I don't agree with his free tuition (I would LOVE to go to college for free, but it's not feasible)
does bernie understand the US economy
how money works?
I don't agree with the "wage gap" argument, it's not real
Yeah drok it isnt literal
two slits experiment
that's what I just said lol
they like cat
to vote for a man to head the biggest economy in the world
uh, free means someone else is paying for it whistling_dixie. 
well you said kind of a different thing, but it doesnt contradict what i said
Right LandBeforeThyme 
who literally ha sno concept how us finance works
I should have used quotes
most people don't even know schrodkngers cat so I don't know why we bring them up
oh also
to be commande r in chief of the military
the us president isnt the healthcare czar
Well two split experiment is an actual experiment
With real results
how is healthcare th epresidents job?
That are completely unintuitive
It's not, but look where Obamacare got us
That needs to be done away with pronto
10:56:42 <@AtlasB> i object to the platonic reification of Time as a "thing"
right a democrat congress gave us that
by socializing it 100% rather than 50%?
and replaced withwhat?
single payer?
yes, two slit experiment is veryintuitive
that's not a physics thing though
because it shows mater acting like a wave
the whole point of obama care really
I personally am for a single payer program
AtlasB: I told you about special relativity
was to make up for the hideous EMTALA legislation
then how can you support rand paul?
physicists often explain time as a 4th dimension
And time
the special status that time has in our intuition is not accorded to it in physics
which i personally dont buy
its this inconsistency i dont understand
Given the amount I pay in taxes, and see where it goes, I think a lot of what I'm paying for could go towards that
No - that's what I just said, I agree with Bernie on healthcare - that's like, it
But it's kind of like a 4th dimension, it's just different from the other 3
right drok
i understand the physics explanation
And the fact that his campaign is funded by donations from "regular folks"
im skeptical
it reminds me of that novel flatland, which supposedly explains life in 2 dimensions
thats all
people say it proves it could exists
im always skeptical
also re: schrodinger's cat there isn't actual randomness
i still think its bullshit
I've heard an academic describe time as a direction rather than as a dimension
the world starts out in the state 50% cat dead 50% cat alive
a direction in the fourth dim
The best example I can give is time is like a flip book
not a dimension itself
I like that description more
Each sheet is 2D
and then goes to the state 50%( cat dead and filozof opened box to see cat dead)+50%(cat alive and filozof opened box to see cat alive)
But they are stacked together 3D
i heard someone say "we perceive time going forward, because thats how our brains evolved"
sounds like bullshit to me
And you move through in the third dimension and get motion
it should also be noted that under special relativity time doesn't have a specific direction
it can get skewed
i think there's more to time than just our brains' perception
Right
it's true filozof
And warp
our brains evolved to operate under the second law of thermodynamics
we can remember the past
but not the future
because of hte second law of thermodynamics
but this explanation seems to imply that we could engineer brains that could perceive time in the other direction
information cannot be transmitted backwards but it can be retained and transmitted forwards
remembering the future
oh well right we can't
i think its not true in our reality
personal responsibility is in diametric opposite of nearly all of bernie's platforms. including healthcare. government run healthcare drives down the quality and availability. it's why lifterofthings gets one ultrasound at 14 weeks and by then I'll have had 4. why she gets one doc visit and I talk to mine weekly. 
Which is based on probability
in this universe
that would violate the 2nd law
right drok
I remember a bit of statistical mechanics
of course our perception of time is largely based on how our brains work, you can take drugs that make you perceive time completely differently
Well it's not just brains
I am basing my information on a single payer healthcare system on friends in Canada and the UK who have had much better experiences than I have, and haven't had the debt I've ended up with from various injuries. 
All matter works causally
if RPW is about accountability for actions, how does that coincide with socialization of...anything. redistributing costs to the whole.
Brains are just an advanced form of that
yes, in our universe it's not possible to engineer brains that would perceive time in the other direction, remembering the future
Where do you draw the line for accountability? 
ah, so you were uninsured or under-insured and wish to redistribute that to everyone else.
It would be brains would have to be affected by the future
Mean*
but if our brains work differently, we can perceive the passage of time differently
There's a "shared responsibility" penalty for not having health insurance, even though I paid all my own healthcare out of my own pocket
we can think time is not passing, or it's passing faster, etc.
wat
I guess maybe I don't know what I want here.
but matter works causally
I want healthcare to be reasonably priced, and I don't want to be forced to spend an ass-ton on a health insurance policy to avoid paying a penalty. 
And the rate is dependent on speed
Which is special relativity
You pass through time slower when you move faster
then you're really in favor of deregulation and buying across state lines; such as car insurance presently is.
yeah if I shot you through the head you wouldn't be perceiving time the same way.
That's what I always thought, but I don't feel like there are even any good options across state lines. 
right we could filozof
not sure why this subjective stuff matters to how time actually is
The cost as a whole for healthcare has gotten ridiculously out of hand. 
but the whole point of consciousness is that it is based on remembering the past
and remembering ourselves thinking in the past
*something* needs to change, I just don't know what.
right that's why time is like a dim
you give up movement by moving through the other dims too quickly
absolutely agreed. the government has a long standing track record of driving the costs up and lowering the quality for everything it touches. 
less movement left to move through time
well that's one way of thinking about it
though I remember actually going through the formulas and being disappointed
my point is that in all the 3 dimensions, you can move in both directions
i prefer to say you move in another direction of time
in time, you can only move in 1 direction
when you're moving
that it didn't fit the way I wanted it to for that view
so time is different from other dimensions, i think
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d8/Worldlines1.jpg
each one has its own time axis on its own worldline in its reference frame
Yes filozof
just think of it like a hill then. the ball can roll in any direction, technically
what happens though is that a curved path is shorter than a straight path, so it travels through less time: http://i.stack.imgur.com/QU3Nc.gif
Because minowski space is hyperbolic
but it's going to favour rolling downhill
but in the other 3 dimensions it's not like that, your movement in one dimension doesn't affect your movement in others
Another issue that's important to B and I are gun rights: we own many guns, and enjoy the ability to go walk around a gunshow, find a gun we'd like to add to the collection, and pay cash for it. That is one of the issues I agree with Rand on, I don't feel it's the government's business to know how many and what kind of guns we own.
the second law doesn't prevent a microcosm from going back in time
it just makes it unlikely
I have a chronic illness, and also worked in healthcare for my career.  The things I've seen definitely show a need for the status-quo to change.  At the very least, we as a nation need to start talking about these things and looking at how other nations successfully manage their healthcare.  US is getting to the bottom of the barrel in terms of it's health
and mortality.  
filozof: it does
The speed has a limit
C
now that i think of that, true
If you go 5 m/s west
Under insured and not insured is already redistributed to everyone else and has  been since the law went into effect that said ERs can't deny you care. People joke about the 2.00 tylenol they got when they went there, but they are charging that in hopes that at least some of the people will pay for it. If everyone paid for it, it would be like .25 or
whatever. If you go to the ER having a heart attack and they write it off saying you don't have to pay because you don't make enough, that stuff doesn't magically become free. Someone has to pay for it and those who have insurance and can pay out of pocket are covering that.  The best thing would be for hospitals to say if you can't pay for it, then they
won't admit you.
I agree with you, kittenkajira 
if i move with c in one dimension, i cant move with c in the other
And 5 m/s NW
you're right
You are going a different speed west
filozof drok is right
once you approach the speed of light you sacrifice movement between dims
It's slower in the west direction
i just said he's right fiat 
i haven't thought about what i said
well, and that's a huge part of the problem. we turn nobody away from ER's. the social safety net in his country is why the rest of the world is trying like hell to come here. 
you have to always stay within the lightcone
Right
That's understood pixiedelights 
wait, is it possible to move 5 m/s west and 5 m/s NW?
isn't it logically impossible?
it's not possible simultaneously
Right
proper time is dt^2-dr^2
nvm, i misunderstood
so if you take a windy path the dr^2 lessens your proper time
you need orthogonal vectors
to be independent
that's just math
that is why stuff that moves in one direction and comes back later has less elapsed time
The rest of the world though, has the idea that healthcare is a right and not a privilege 
Speed is the relation between space and time and there is still C being the limit
The difference is
The 3 spatial dimensions sit on the unit circle
You can smoothly transition one one to the other
West to NW to north
I want to be able to go to the doctor and not worry about cost if something is wrong, and I feel like that's something a single payer system COULD fix
I'm not particularly concerned with the quality of care at this point because I don't feel like the care is high-quality to begin with. 
yes that's where I ended up disappointed in my initial views of treating time as a dim
Minkowski space, which is 4D space time
the lack of smooth transition
Is hyperbolic
how it didn't fit the unit circle
You can't smoothly transition
i think it's not disappointing
that's fine if you're not concerned about quality. why do you feel it necessary that others shoulder the cost of your illness? 
it shows time is special
So you can't reach the speed of light
However, I work on medical malpractice claims, and the level to which a medical practitioner can screw up and walk away unscathed is pretty high 
Because I pay taxes LandBeforeThyme 
If you jumped passed it
You would be in space-like cone
i don't follow. 
Where you move from speeds of c to infinity
I'm not ill. When I get something like strep, I don't want to pay a $60 co-pay and then whatever the prescription costs on top of that.
And the less energy you have the faster you go
And if you jumped again to the next cone
Time would run in reverse
I've heard the US is already paying more per person that other countries do in healthcare costs.
actually, now you do have to pay for any hospital bills if you ever receive a paycheck or a 1099
As in the government is.
ye tachyons
That is accurate, there's a lot of money going into Medicare/Medicaid
But space-like you can only move in one half of the 6 directions
you will be garnished and you can't declare bankruptcy to wipe the debt
So it's bizarre
Just like student loan debt Tempy? 
But you can move forward and backward in time
this is a new thing that went into effect with obamacare
yes
I had not heard about that
oh interesting. good. accountability. 
it's within the last year or so
I feel others should shoulder the cost of my illness, because I would do the same for them.  No one should have to suffer through debt just because they got sick.  
But then again, a lot of the people not paying their bills just straight up don't work.
i would quit my job and retire lol
but then they'd probably take my house
Time would feel spatial, and space would feel temporal
I work hard, B and I make good money, and we are saving for a bigger house
But I am still taxed out the ass with nothing to show for it, honestly 
I also wish we would switch to preventative medicine.  We're just fixing shit, not even telling people how to prevent illness.  And when they are telling people how to prevent, it's often not even the right advice.
Well, preventative medicine is 100% covered as a result of Obamacare.
that's the whole premise of insurance kittenkajira. you voluntarily socialize the cost of potential accidents....but the government managing care will result in higher costs for lower quality. they have a great track record.
12:18:37 <+fiat> the lack of smooth transition
Well woman/annual exams are to be at no cost, same with birth control/contraceptives 
As from points out it is hyperbolic
Not circular
Different conic
i say if they want to redo healthcare, have more small, low cost clinics
But how would you make that profitable? 
for the poor lol
I'm not poor, but I want a small low cost clinic lol
right it was immediately obvious when I looked back at the eqs but I was disappointed because so many ppl describe time like a dimension like the others
lack of symmetry is disappointing to younger ppl
you used to be able to go to a small clinic for $100
the airline industry is a great example of deregulation. in the 1970's only 2 airlines would service major hubs, forget about smaller cities. deregulation = more competition = a flight from the northeast to lauderdale is $50. increased competition lowers costs. REAL competition, not fake crony capitalism.
Yeah Tempy.  And maybe utilize nurses/nurse practitioners more.
the clinics were staffed by new doctors without established practices
Collectivists need all dimensions to act the same
But some are just different
yes kittenkajira 
Theoretically, do you think deregulation of the healthcare industry would honestly lower costs though? 
i think removing the gov't from healthcare will
Healthcare costs started creeping up because of the medical malpractice lawsuit boom, malpractice premiums crept, and everything else along with it 
before obamacare i paid $130 a month for health insurance
LandBeforeThyme: I would like to see the borders opened for insurance plans, however it would also need to come with regulation that insurance plans can not only cover in-state doctors.  I was on a plan last year that would only cover doctors in my state.  Freakin' sucked, because I go to a neighboring state to see a specialist.
I always wanted to just do away with health insurance altogether. 
Just do it all on a cash basis. 
I think it's more a matter of nurture than nature
now for less care i would pay $625 a month if i had insurance
But it seems to me like that will never happen
then there's no safety net for major accidents and illnesses whistling_dixie
if we just treated time equally like we do all the other dims...
Or just switch all the healthcare employees to being government employees.  
i want catastrophic insurance only
and yes, deregulation always lowers costs. for everything. over the counter meds that were previously prescription is a relevant example as well.
I worked at BCBS when ACA went through - my deductible went from $300/yr to $600/hr, and my premiums tripled. 
And I knew that would happen, and I tried to tell people, but no one listened.
that's because somebody had to pay for the new enrollment peeps who went without! ha.
If deregulation lowers costs, then why do we have the highest priced prescription drugs?
and the new enrollment peeps are the people who are subsidized 
because prescription drugs are highly regulated by the FDA? i'm talking about when they phase out of being prescription only - such as prilosec recently
Our pharmaceutical industry is not regulated much, if at all.  
I am really enjoying this conversation, but I have to go run a few errands and finish picking up the house before B gets home - I didn't realize how long I'd been here :) 
Have a good day y'all!
bye! nice chatting with you
bye
LandBeforeThyme: Are you for separating healthcare and employment?  As in, it would no longer be the responsibility of employers?
definitely. that's how we got into this whole mess in the first place -- WWII had wage regulations in the US, so in order to attract better employees, employers offered "health insurance" as a means of greater compensation without money. which is now a loophole still in place today. 
it isn't the responsibility of many employers now
we got rid of all of our employees because of it
now we only hire subcontractors
everyone is a subnow tempy?
yep
12:25:40 <+fiat> lack of symmetry is disappointing to younger ppl
Right
But the world would suck if it were all symmetric
The (-,+++) signature of minkowskian space gives out world the structure it needs
most companies we deal with are too small to be forced into being responsible for insurance
I agree.  :)
 even the staffing agency has wriggled out of having to do insurance
and they have thousands of employees
there is a loophole somewhere
there's a few zealous labor lawyers trying to eliminate uber etc by claiming drivers are employees.
the what signature?
good luck lol
i just want it to go back to before ACA
plus our liability insurance doubles every year
(-,+++)
Or (+,---) if you prefer that
i know that is related to the insurance companies losing $$ on ACA
yup, aboslutely
Time counts towards distance the opposite of space
 never heard of ir
i hope trump is elected and blows the whole thing up
hahaha
Distance in minkowski space is  -dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2
first day in office he'd be searching for the bankruptcy button
i don't know how much i trust him to keep his promises
i think he'll be pretty hands off
and let his secretaries do a lot of that
but i trust the others less
Oh no dx
Derivatives ick
I remember those
i think that if obama can fuck things up while vacationing and playing golf
has PhantomDream decided what to put in the survey yet?
then someone else might be able to un fuck things doing the sam
but things never get better in that way
only worse
like when a neighbor moves, the new neighbor is rarely better and generally worse
i just hope whoever is in there next
has competent buddies
hahaha exactly tempy. it's really never better.
every president has buddies they put in power with them, but obama's buddies are some of the most incompetent leaders i could have imagined for the cabinet
and i'm sick of all these "councils" of appointed folks 
and new dictators are rarely better than the old ones
who just want to pad their resumes and offer ideas that won't materialize into anything
hey witzie, sacchariferous came up with the idea and she's going to create the survey
oh nvm I thought phantom was op of that post for some reason
I just rechecked that PhantomDream my bad!
She's even going to pay for a service so it has more features
I guess I remember you linking it
czars Sunhappy czars
No worries
:0)
not even just the czars
ok PhantomDream but she may want to take care because survey monkey caps user number 
like in ppd
i had to go the treasury so many times between 2010 and 2012 to discuss financial literacy education
with some "council"
not eveyrone could fill out the survey
That's when you use the service for free
so people were criticizing that
ah perfect
their ideas? never happened. but they met every 4 months!! and they got lots of credit and airtime
:)
she's going to shell out the 26 bucks
I know!
it was a council of like 20 people
thats so nice of her lol
I was so happy when she shared that
I was to cheap when I did my little survey flop thing haha
*too
I cant wait to see the results
I wonder why aero doesn't want to see favorite mod 
I think its cute
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42zrhz/want_to_help_shape_the_first_ever_rpw/czelm0t
phant just wants to see it because everyone will vote her the favorite :P
i'm too mean so i will be the least :(
there are some inactive mods
they would probably be the least
nah, doing nothing is preferred over being a big meanie
i don't have a favorite but i'll vote for wingN. iron fists need love too <3
Haha, I bet there will be some disagreement among love and hate for WingN! 
WingN will probbaly be fave and least fave
tbh
haha
who invited aerobus anyway?
girl bye
yeah, i wonder how many men and blues will be skewing the survey lol
You cant eat them protopill 
haha i just posted that same question tempy
about survey distribution
oh yeah, unless theres a "male" or "female" distinction checkbox men better not take it
but how will we know that we each secretly want sex 10X/day and never to speak unless spoken to?
OT: how do you guys deal with seeing a friend of a friend? who you don't talk to often? do you still hug and say hi and stuff?? or just go hey and carry on?
aka, i am worried about dudes bombing it. 
yeah that would be bad
depends if i like them lol
Sunhappy: depends on how we clicked during the few times we have interacted. 
she was cordial
she just showed up to my office to have a meeting with a coworker
1) i forgot her name. terrible. 2) i said hi and stuff and asked how she was, but i felt weird
cuz idk, mutual friend left so......why pretend to be friends
idk
Say hey, how's it going? I wouldn't hug or anything
okay. my intro self kind of died a little haha
extros remember names
nah, not necessarily. some forget because how can they remember eleven billion?
I think WingN will be the fave actually
Everyone loves her
Sup PPDBot ?
she might be the least fave too
that would be really funny
HAHA
YEs 
Grammar nazis might not like her
honestly I'd put money on that being the case
Even if it's just that they love to hate her
a LOT of ppl will put her as fave
and a LOT will put her as worst
lol LandBeforeThyme 
love her or hate her, she's still an obsession
It's a distinct possibility, I agree witz
she's the most popular most likely
next to tempy
maybe tied?
I think it'll be Temp and Dana on the most loved
they post in PPD a lot too as mods of RPW. good reps
It could go either way
.context
Who is this Dana people mention?
I haven't figured it out
snicker
are you being sarcastic kittenkajira ?
lol.  I totally looked on the mod list for a snicker, then realized I'm an idiot.
No witzie, I honestly don't know.  I think maybe dana = wingnut?
Or was dana the original one that hasn't come back?
Blowing is super interested in special relativity and minkowski space
It's an ENFP thing
Said what
it's weird when someone i tagged as TBP turns around and takes the RP
You said fuck that Euclidean bullshit
we were talking about things like:
 <SerNemesis> Distance in minkowski space is  -dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2
so context didn't miss anything useful
i'm sure it will be very useful to you in life though
omygosh I am a scorpio are you a scorpio blowing ?
so this person makes a comment in RPW and I see the orange TBP tag
OMGGGGGGGG
as a fellow ENFP, i'm concerned that you aren't fascinated by the inner workings of calculus :P
No I'm not
so i click on the tag and then click on the comment in TBP where i tagged her
filozof: when did you become ENFP?!
and she's saying vile things
i dunno
i used to think i was
people here say i'm an INTP, i don't really care tbh
but now she's flaired red in PPD and on RPW
I'm surprised my sign isn't obvi
so she's actually changed or she's messing around?
I thought you all knew me better than this!!!!
i still think i'm an extrovert rather than an introvert
i think she has changed
i tagged her 10 months ago
filozof: why not just take the test and don't lie?
beucase extroverts are cooler
That way you'll know.
We're talking about me now filozof
what do you mean tagged her?
We know you
what makes you asume i lie
who is she?
i'm sorry blowing
You said above lol
I just don't know the signs
your sign is the flying squirrel blowing 
Flying squirrel?!
protopill: i never said i lied on the test
ENFP is a MPDG type
do you have everyone tagged tempy?
But what's my Astro sign
Sunhappy: when you use Reddit enhanced suite  you can tag users with special flairs that are only visible to your account
It's painfully obvious to anyone who knows me well
AtlasB:  did protopill 
virgo?
You don't seem like a manic pixie dream girl filozof
she said that if I recall correctly
oh cool!
dont know blowing 
So for BP users it's as easy as typing "TBP" and selecting a blue color
I don't know what the signs are
yeah drok
I'm at a home inspection 
I just Taurus is the Jews
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/433znw/is_a_woman_insecure_if_she_dresses_revealingly/czfg8zj
And Aries is the Zoroastrians
witzie: I'm not sure why Aerobus thinks it's a bad idea
Pisces is Christians
interested to hear his reasoning
madscilove!
she chats here
witzie: i only tag when they link RPW
BeyondTheLight: you don't know!
we <3 madsci Tempy 
I'm looking up Scorpio right now
no I seriously dont
Madsci has been converted
idk when you were born ect
right, that's what i was saying
She used to be gentle tbp
madscilove is a dear
Ohhhh I dated a Scorpio
i had a feeling
lol
cuz she would agree with a lot of RP stuff in chat
hey madscilove !
Ppd chat has a way of converting women who have bfs they're crazy about
Haha
When is the dawn of the age of Aquarius?
https://www.reddit.com/r/thebluepill/comments/3140jk/red_pill_women_encourage_16_year_old_girl_to_marry/cpyei8p
That's all that matters now
hahahaha
hey sunhappy :)
oops
madscilove: 
.context
perfect timing
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/w0Js9lpe/
Zoroaster is all but forgotten
The Jews are done
oh. are we all talking about me?
It's like you're mixing disco songs now
The Christians are almost done
Olool
sorry, if I wasn't supposed to comment, by the way!
When the jewsssss
I'll go delete it if it's a problem
Are in the seventh houseeee
no it's cool
idk drok the drink isnt so good
Haha
i always double check people i have tagged
what sign is your husband blowing ?
I should actually go and delete my TBP history when I have time
I can't stand them these days
He's a Virgo filozof
and a lot of the times they are a convert lol
Whoever can correctly guess my sign will be elevated to irc best friend level.
do you have KellyC tagged tempy?
hmmm not sure
cant I just do a laplace transformation instead?
nope
I'm going to guess Capricorn
What is Capricorn?
I know fish
Twins
not sure she's in RPW much
Crab
Bull
Ram
Lion
Hunter
Scale
Water bringer
Idk it sounded cool
I was just reading off the astrology thing
taurus blowing ?
oh frick blowing 
nah - almost all PPD
Pisces
I could lose my best irc friend status?
taurus
Who's hunter faith
Drok?
blowing: are you libra?
Nope
lol
BESTIEEEEEE!!!!
Crab?
Lol
yup
i knew it
I was wrong blowing ?
filozof is good at this
I thought Sagittarius was hunter
I think the crab is the cancer one
Yeah crab is cancer
Libra is scale
hahaha i already knew it was you
Scale?
Lol
witzie: you're still my IRC BFFL
when'd you figure out?
pronounced biffle
unless that was a secret, and then oops!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nope irc knows lol
I'm terrible at secrets 
and its pretty obvious
like the first day when you said something about being vegetarian and said that you've never eaten meat in your life
darn
I could have been some indian bitch
dont jump to conclusions tempy
haha
almost everything you said was said exactly the same way you said it here a million times lolololol
Hey so madscilove brought up a good question that I dunno about. 
Is there a difference between rmv and smv 
oh no, have we moved on from mbti to actual horoscopes?
Yes
sure
smv is for sex
porn star = 100% SMV 0% RMV
yeah madscilove I am staying the fuck away from that
i've always said mbti is on the level of horoscopes
so i'm cool with it
BeyondTheLight: I forget you're entj right?
Ok because I see posts about smv but they also include what would be considered for rmv 
it makes sense that you wouldn't differentiate on rpw, like you mentioned coochquarantine
it's not like rpw is trying to tell women how to become plates
Right
Speaking of which temp
So in rpw we are ok to use them interchangeably?
That bitch in modmail better watch it lol 
we've gone full valley girl
hahahaha
yeah protopill 
oh yeah - i have her sighted in
Smv is raw sex appeal
MPDG https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/ueOf7Idc/IMG_1742.JPG
Unfortunately madscilove
Rmv or mmv are lyr value
Ltr
it's good for hooking them in
hah
I dated a libra once
then rmv keeps them
It was alright
ONCE
ok, so what's everyone's sign here?
or do I have to buy you drinks first?
Aries
Gotcha
Libra
My ex was a Libra 
I don't know
yeah WingN she is one of those "all women except me are intellectual lightweights"
There might have been more Linda's
Libras
Lol
simper simper
I don't remember their birthdays
I got my palm read once speaking of chick crack
One specifically identified as libra
 I am Sagittarius
drok: October
which is more improtant?
i'd think that rmv is. there are <5 girls with good rmvs and they have SOs/husbands
I know it's that time frame
or does it only matter more if your smv isn't super high?
I like sag's RedManBearPig
But I don't know when their birthdays are
Oh I misread drok
any scorpios in here?
yeah
BeyondTheLight: is one madscilove
Taurus
'the moon is rising into the field of mars causing you to be far more susceptible than usual to bullshit ino the month of February'
nice BTL
i would say rmv long term
me too
sting like bee
maybe
fly like fish
Oh yeah
Your smv can be high but if your rmv is shit then you're gonna have a bad time 
but smv doesn't hurt at all
Imagine a 10 with three baby daddies 
SMV = 100% looks 0% character 
Females hate when Mercury is in retrograde
(meeb dont enrage them)
RMV = like 25% looks 75% character
the difference is looks still matter for RMV
Is that code for getting your period?
but character doesn't matter for SMV
Geocentricism for you
so they're not opposites
http://metro.co.uk/2016/01/28/chester-cheetah-welcomes-the-sexual-advances-of-furries-rejected-by-tony-the-tiger-5649410/
you can be high smv and high rmv
No
it seems like you're better off if you have high SMV
Lol
you can fix your RMV
'sjust a prank bro
but your genetics are mostly luck of the draw
So back in the day
*looks. genetics ARE luck of the draw
When people didn't know shit about shit
They thought the sun revolved around the earth
And everything else too
if you are high on the scale of both then you get your AB
So when you think crazy shit like this
You invent astrology
And for a few days of a year
Since you assume Mercury revolves around earth
I have no idea what my zodiac means blowing but sure
It appears to backtrack
Across the sky
also, nice to meet you tempy :) I've heard of you but not met you yet
Yay
Mercury is the God of getting shit done
RedManBearPig: my mom and my daughter are both Sagittarius and they are two of my favorite people
So for hose three days everything goes to shit
nice to meet you too - i'll have to change your tag lol
hahahah
drok++
lol. thank you!
Epicycles
Yeah
Yes but I'm such a libra
RedManBearPig you are Sagittarius too?
We are the best ones
libra is one of the only ones I don't know anything about
Y'all just had b-days!
yay
We sure did
Happy birthday to us
madscilove: libra is the most social of the signs
you extro sloots
And most beautiful
I dated a gemini once
man that was irritating
Lol
so flighty.
That reminds me of Legally Blond when she's like this is my dog Bruiser and we are both Gemini vegetarians!
ugh blech ick w-2s and 1099s
all i've done this week
i can't imagine being an accountant
it's so much work
i am lucky, our other office is handling that stuff. they have a ton of 1099 to stamp and address 
let alone a CFO type position. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4328mu/should_i_22f_break_it_to_my_hot_friend_22f_that/
i wonder what will kate be like in 10 years
probably the same if she keeps herself up
32 is still young enough to get loads of attention
when she suddenly she can't get away with the stuff you used to
just attention from a different group of men
plus she doesn't have to tell men she dates about her past or how she strung people along
32 is very different from 22 imo, there's no such charm anymore
Did we already talk about Kate?
i'm more interested in how she will feel when the treatment she used to get is not there anymore
how will she feel about life in general
I dunno filozof . she's supposedly very good looking and lots of men will settle
when her expectations will turn out to be false
We're you hear for my keely recording filozof ?!
Wow
I disagree that there's no charm to 32 year old women
That sentence failed
that's soooo funneeeh
I don't disagree with the wall, but I disagree with where most trpers place it
i juuust caaame
12:41 PM <filozof> 32 is very different from 22 imo, there's no such charm anymore
Go fuck your self
I think "the wall" hits around 40s
except blowing of course, she's the most charming
Awww thanks!
heh
Yup after 32 you're completely invisible blowing
Who's invisible now
blowing++
looool
I think it's earlier than 40 it's just not steep
Lol littlebee
Hahaha
Ha I forgot my /s tag
oh i just print them out but its the reconciliations that suck 
i'm pretty sure littlebee is 36
although she looks 16
can we say 40 is where there's a noticeable decline?
just a gradual increase in competition
I think rpers expecting her to get her just desserts or whatever
there's noticeable decline by 30 already
would be disappointed
well, Sunhappy I am online all day hahaha so it's not that much work :)
I think it depends on how well the girl took care of herself
in reality if they saw her in her 30s
a 20 yo will get much better options than a 30yo
The wall is variable
I mean, 30 year olds don't look like they're 20. but they're still quite young and good looking
I've seen girls at 25 that have hit the wall
she ain't gonna notice shit, filozof
Maybe filozof but as they say youth is wasted on the young
A 20 yr old has better options but dumb as fuck
that's offensive!!
Except witzie
i'm 22 and very smart
Who is a mutant
fiat: maybe that's what I mean. her options aren't going to be that noticeably different
Are you 20?
i'm corporate at least not sweatshop accounting like the accounting firms
except that a good chunk of men in her age bracket will have already paired off
but at 30, not THAT many men
littlebee: there's people born at the wall
they're going to be different. she's not going to get as much attention from younger beta males
who are looking for LTRs and familu
smart about relationships filozof ?
family*
do I just have asian solipsism here?
I still get mistaken as a high schooler at 26
maybe my view is skewed
young people are inexperienced and mess up about relationships
madscilove: I got carded at lunch
yes you prob do
It's not solipsism
because Asians marry later
Young people follow the feels
And do weird shit
Like marry for love
they do but even they will think long term thoughts
thank god
a young male who actually cares about having family and children
aka beta males
will care if a woman is like 35
Yep
she'll provide like one child for him
and even that is a risk
With high risk
35 is automatically high risk
because he's not going to just find a 35 yr old and immediately impregnate her
Because the risk for downs
When's the risk for downs start?
Is it 30?
Or 35?
And the chances of conception per ovulation naturally is minuscule
After 35
at 30 it's still negligible enough at least for me. I think 35 is a very strong limit though
Oh it's after 35 okay
because then unless you have twins it's likely you'll be stuck with one
unless you run a marathon and have one kid per year
That's not that bad actually. The feminist you can have it all has some truth to it I guess
but how many people want that
Cause if the risk is that late you could work 15 years
yeah, 35 is my "last child needs to be done by now" cut off
I was done at 31
ahh
That rhymes!
I always thought I'd be done having kids by 30
I had my last at 33
HA HA HA to younger me
No fun being preggo in your 30s
Really?
I have easy pregnancies
Both mine were hard but I'm too small for babies.  My ribs are still messed up
That sucks
right it's not just the downs at 35 it's the limit on number because after the first you'll have your next near 40
also harder to recover
I was built for bearing babies
even young males will consider these things over time
the wall doesn't stop older women from having flings IMO
I know 45 yr olds who I'd gladly fuck
Wanting to fuck someone is different than wanting to wife someone
I worked for a woman nearing 60 who was still hot as fuck
yeah my friend works at a CPA firm or something and she has no life from December to April or something
she got married and had a baby really late in life. 
yeah i did that for about a decade - never again!
had the kid at 50, iirc
not that I'd ever recommned someone do that
Damn
she married a younger man
I would shoot myself
her husband used to fuck models and be a crazy drug addict
68 years old before they graduate? No thanks.
they were a really interesting pair
blowing: right?
I want to be young enough to enjoy the kids being gone
And be a young grandma
madscilove: I had my first at 27
the other day F threw out the idea that we could just adopt instead of having bio babies
....why?
hormones make me kind of psycho
I think he's afraid of what I'll be like pregnant
Pics of this lady madscilove
I'll take care of you while you're pregnant madscilove

it's just an idea. there's still a good chance we will have bio kids
I'm fine either way, tbh
Massage your perineum with oils to prep for birth, etc.
blowing takes care of everyone
Lol blowing
https://evolutionistx.wordpress.com/2015/05/06/has-australia-gone-totally-nuts/
read this about adoption madscilove 
I had natural births
I do think it is insane to not try to have bio kids if you can
I'll be your midwife
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/yGDB0n1V/
blowing: is the best
:)
The wall is not a hard limit and i think most people don't believe it because they imagine it as such. first time i read about it, i correlated it with a host of factors i've known and thought about
madscilove: ^
both biological and cultural/social
mads
i think the bio one is mainly just pregnancy
aw, that's really sad witzie
i don't think women end up looking SOO much worse after 30
lonny_Z: can't without kind of doxxing her and myself
she's a bit of a local celebrity in the bay
is it madscilove ? I mean, she has two loving families 
in the culinary world
it's sad she didn't get to grow up with her bio family
it probably sucks most for the adoptive family
oh wait. I read that wrong
prime-aged or bust
for some reason I thought it said "my adoptive family was jerkfaces"
My SIL gave a baby up for adoption
no other option
>.>
We already doxxed you now show her sweet postwall pics
tempy do you do any RE accounting? as in...would you know any good resources for a 1031 exchange? 
the white on black text looked funny
Lol Lonny_Z
wait, y'all doxxed me?
Well, we could
I want to adopt all the babies
Still none of you have doxxed me
And I'll give my bio ones up for adoption
To make it even
I don't think you could doxx me yet
Only AtlasB is doxx level loved
DG69: baby swap?
Baby swap
I'm gonna have to give you an IOU for now
this sounds like a story NPR covered
babies switched at birth in the 50s
and both girls felt out of place in their families
no i don't really do anything like that but the accounting firm we use for the tax returns and audit probably does
Dude I heard one of this woman who got ivf but they put a different couples embryo inside of her
one was good looking and gregarious and her whole family was mousy intorverts
It was her last chance to be pregnant
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/433znw/is_a_woman_insecure_if_she_dresses_revealingly/czfk0cb?context=1
Even tho we all look alike in my family, my brother still convinced me I was adopted
the other was a mousy introvert and the whole family was extroverted and cool
haha. griddy 
in their 20s they realized they were switched at birth
My sister is the only intro in the family 
they both lived in the same town
they are mega accountants - our tax returns cost around $10K
it was an unbelievable story  
lol
3:02 PM <+griddy> and both girls felt out of place in their families
yeah griddy
13:03:17 <DG69> Dude I heard one of this woman who got ivf but they put a different couples embryo inside of her
I think its kind of the unspoken secret of adoption
it makes no sense
what is the point
reverse surrogacy
They messed it up
worth every penny though
of what, ivf?
It was an accident
oh
morons
fucking morons
Stupid doctors
Doctors always fucking up
4:04 PM <witzie> I think its kind of the unspoken secret of adoption
Yup
Cuckoo egg
omg AtlasB this scene in the phantom pain
;_;
http://www.thelocal.se/20160128/staff-at-asylum-centre-attacked-by-rioting-youth
gratitude
""One of them was refused to buy sweets and became furious with the staff member. He collected together around fifteen friends and the staff were forced to shut themselves in while they broke windows and did what they liked." "
blowing: your sister was adopted!
in cheaper by the dozen
that was the joke
they had one nerdy red haired son out of 12
My mom just ordered me a grain mill attachment for my kitchen aid!  I'm so excited!
and they all called him "FedEx" 
lmaoo aww
i believe it. small investors pay between 2-5K but it's money well spent. nobody gripes. i was just hoping to educate myself before asking them for help :)
LOL
My sister is weird, she prob was adopted.
you could probably just google it until you find a forum that centers around that
Did they really griddy? That's mean lol
.karma
.quote
I haven't seen that one yet
And recreatement = lol
.quote
I still believe this
atlasB - she knows too much
ive pulled something in my neck when i was doing shoulder press
and now it hurts likea  bitch
i think in the morning i wont be able to move
Alright
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/435b94/what_does_this_sub_mean_by_blue_pill/czflnb3
Maybe that will straighten it out from some
Jack4ss: your pm was mean
i've had that happen Jack4ss . i was lucky though. no permanent damage. just a stinging headache whenever i exerted myself over the next 6-7 months
bad news, neck injuries 
i think its a trapped nerve
Sucks
This is why I don't lift things
Hi PPDBot
How are you today?
Fucking bitch don't ignore me!
fuck you bitch!
who you calling biatch!
i just like logged in
rude!
link I saw on reddit (https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/432gf7/im_a_woman_with_a_fascination_for_theredpill_but/czexsn1)
Lol
Sorry, next time I will wait 2 seconds before calling you a bitch
awwww
so sweet
Did babyboomersanta delete
My comment?
4:07 PM <madscilove> omg AtlasB this scene in the phantom pain
Which scene??
mgs5?
The throat parasites and punished snakes men?
You have to see the deleted cut scene with snake and quiet
I cried
:O
drok
what's your reddit name
Drok007
i see your comment drok
the last deleted one is from 16 hours ago
Yeah
On the morality thread
I found mgs:pp to be very painful
It was sometime overnight DavidHasselhof
which comment?
It's the top comment on the thread still
http://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/42zinn/a_discussion_of_morality/czeagxf
lololol
why was it deleted drok??
Lol!
that was your comment right?
Yeah
Don't know
that's ridiculous
>Considering a different first premise apparently makes them physically ill.
there was nothing bad in it
Remove that and I reaprove
That's the truth
They literally say that
i do a search every week or so to see who linked to RPW and that's what popped up this morning
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/432gf7/im_a_woman_with_a_fascination_for_theredpill_but/czexzzx
that's why i banned the bitch
I love the way they handled it
Search stomach or vomit or sick on BP
just wanted to let her know that i see everything and know everything and she is under scrutiny 
.context
i'm a lot like santa sans presents
visceral reaction
it still doesn't sound very "posted in good faith"
reword it and everything should be fin
i think there are plenty of posts on ppd which are similarly not in good faith
although i agree
i unbanned her but she is tagged in aqua
I could cite them getting physically ill over reading RP stuff. I'm willing to make that point.
not a good tag color
That part really gets to you drok
When they are like i feel sick reading this like I literally want to throw up!
Lol
that doesn't mean considering a different first premise makes them physically ill
it just means they have a visceral reaction to the redpill language
haha
So organized
WingN: that comment is the best thing i've seen in a long time lol
What?
lol, that way i don't have to rely on memory :)
They call it justification to be a bad person
Then it also makes them sick
This is pretty clear
what is the first premise??
I'll take the deleted comment
That people's duty is to themselves
I only have one user tagged, and it says "sugar baby to a sugar daddy".  Can't remember who it is, though.
ah - meowry9
Because it means things like when a girl gets raped it's her fault
Most BPers are horking by that point apparently
Yeah
That might be it! 
Feminists go ape shit if you say that
because it's stupid
What's stupid?
bpers can't grok the drok
saying that when a girl gets raped it's her fault
they could just keep their legs closed
If you had a coherent thought in your head we wouldn't have so much trouble labeling you filozof
fault has moral baggage.
what's incoherent? i'm pretty sure you said that when a girl gets raped it's her fault
i consider that stupid
they have a problem with conflating responsibility with moral fault
ofc victims have responsibility for themselves
Yeah, because you have issues forming coherent thoughts
and have a nonmoral fault
Right
the prob is that they are conflating that with moral fault
If a rapist wants to rape, and succeeds
and becoming super offended over that
where am i incoherent?
She's an asshole
That one from trp
They aren't at fault. There was no failure.
Only success.
He victim is at fault
The victim, for failing to protect themselves
why?
yeah
The rapist would be at fault if they failed to rape
filozof because we aren't talking about moral fault
here she is instructing a guy how to pick up women https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4323t9/work_on_campus_how_to_make_pickup_work/czeync6?context=3
Oh no
The rapist had sex on purpose
Are we doing the two people can't rape each other thing
Again?
It my car gets rear ended at a stop light am I at fault for not moving?
It wasn't an accident
No blowing
blowing: the assumption is the guy did not want to hit you
If someone purposefully hit me
If he was chasing you down
no, i'm pretty sure drok is saying "if something bad happens to you it's your fault"
Non
which is obviously stupid
In my example
Then you need to get out of the way to not get hit
but whatevs
I'm at a light and someone decides to run into me on purpose
The reason doesn't matter
.mute filozof 5
if someone was purposely trying to hit you
to hurt you
Is it my fault for not moving?
i figure that she is a problem that will either shape up or get shipped out
and you obeyed the law
by stopping
then the law is at fault
Think about how you are going to back up your claims
lol drok
for not putting enough weight into crazy drivers
we should use that feature more often
While you bide your time
I didn't know there was a mute function
hi ladies
hello
I'm going to use it more
I like the forever mute function even better
When people don't have arguments
FM
Hi
why is this so diff to understand. we're not talking about moral fault
if a thug kicked the shit out of a weak guy
te thug succeeded at what he want
Yeah
I'm at work riding a caffeine and sugar high haha
Right
He won.
Done
we're talking about personal responsibility and ability
the weak man is at fault for not having taken steps
to be stronger
fault in terms of personal responsibility
ability
not moral fault
He could have gotten some karate lessons at his nearest mcdojo
I stopped drinking coffee for a few months and then started up again this week. It really hits ya when you no longer have a high tolerance built up
Take a weapon with him ect.
So if the woman doesn't fight off the attacker she must take ownership of the rape
The result matters 
If she views the rape as a failure blowing
She should do whatever to prevent it in the future to the best of her ability if it did hurt her
wooooooo! the productivity is awesome from it, it's fun
Like he's not good in bed?
lol
she doesn't have to take ownership. no one forced to
Sounds fun!
If she was like "yeah np" then no
Like she didn't want to get raped
I'm sorry I'm laughing too hard
At myself
but suppose a very pretty woman traveled to some dirt village in the Middle East
Carry on
and got raped
people will think she was retarded
not evil
not morally flawed
but retarded
Right fiat
Right
why do they think she's retarded?
Just like me walking into the hood with 5000 dollars
if she's not at any fault at all
if she has no flaws
why would people rightfully think she's dumb
But your example is biased
I am not at fault, but it wasnt a smart action if I didnt want to get robbed
Well I mean it all calculated risk
no it's clear to demonstrate a point
You are giving an example that is leading
Because you are going to encounter people with different morals and priorities
Argue a more neutral example
We leave for first day of swim class in about 10 minutes, and my daughter has spent the last 15 minutes going "is it time yet?!"
I hope ya'll are having a good day :)
aw cute
Than girl goes into rape village and gets raped
Dont assume that they will be the same
There will always be some action in neutral cases
what? I'm demonstrating a point
Take the money thing as example blowing 
More neutral
of course I'd lead a bit
No not really BeyondTheLight
Ok let's say a girl gets drunk and goes home with a guy
And he rapes her
She could not get so intoxicated and go home with randoms
That's her responsibility
Right
I took an extreme example specifically so that it would be agreeable and in controversial
Yeah that example is more on point I think
She took the risk drok
To take care of herself
The drunk example
Over the rape village
But the extremeness fiat used was correct
Because it highlights when it's most effective
You have to ask why she was retarded
It's the same in both cases
Just less clear in the neutral example
It's correct in that it's a great example of someone being regarded
Retarded
Ok so the idea is people can be retarded in neutral examples as well
that's what I was going for. it doesn't have to be "neutral" or realistic
And that makes BPers and filozof physically ill
it was just a clear example where the woman has no moral fault
.context
but people find other kinds of fault
in her actions/ decisions
I was asking for your opinion to be clearly argued to me and I was able to glean the most from the drunk example.
Simple as that
Hmmm
I understand you want more realistic examples and I prefer abstract ideas
Because you have to look at the overarching concept
clear abstracts
just different preferences I get it
Exactly
You see how it's the same reasoning though right?
I do
It has its cons too
Like on the opposite extreme
A woman stays at home, never goes out, dresses modestly
Locks her doors
Does everything right to stay safe
But someone gets in and rapes her
By that logic
The whole issue of intoxication in date rape doesn't make sense anyway intoxication is normally only an issue when the perpetrator intoxicates the victim in some way by drugging them not voluntary intoxication of the victim
they argue that people should have the right to get drunk
No
and not having that used to have sex with them
It makes no sense to leave determining the intoxication level of the victim to the perpetrator that's why I call it mind reader rape
hello everyone !
No one has the right to get drunk and not have bad things happen to them do men have a right to get drunk and go in an alley with strangers and not get rolled
i agree, am i supposed to measure their BAC everytime i have sex with someone?
Who has this right
it's just impractical
by that logic no one at nonmoral fault, drok?
hiya :)
how are you ?
Yeah I mean you would have to ask is there something else she could have done
So if a rapist successfully rapes then the isn't his non moral fault?
Maybe bulked up
The rapw*
Be a better shot
in any case I think a couple major problems with this discussion for many bpers is that 1. they conflate moral and nonmoral faults
"do men have a right to get drunk and go in an alley with strangers and not get rolled" - according to the law, yes
I don't even see why fault is the issue its not her fault but if you're going to complain about things happening to you when you're vulnerable you have an obligation not to be vulnerable unnecessarily I don't see why this doesn't make sense to everyone
OR
2:13 PM <filozof> i agree, am i supposed to measure their BAC everytime i have sex with someone?
Yes bring a breathalyzer
To all sexual encounters
2. they don't actually care about the discussion
if someone does bad things to you when you're drunk they're at fault and should be punished
No the law will punish the people who did it to you but you do not have a right to not have it happen to you
they care about how the discussion would be perceived
The law is arbitrary filozof
That's a stupid formulation
or how it could encourage or discourage rapists and victims
We are speaking objectively
The law is not arbitrary
AtlasB: are you ok?
Are you on text to speak?
"but you do not have a right to not have it happen to you" - what does "having a right to do something" mean to you?
Or a full keyboard?
Some places weed is legal, some places it's not
You have no right not to be a victim of crime you have a right to redress from the state if you are a victim of a crime it's just a misstatement and misunderstanding of what law is
How is that not arbitrary?
Ok yes that's not common law real crime that's regulatory nonsense crime so yes some laws are arbitrary I agree my fault
what does "having a right to something" mean then
^ that's a correct statement of the criminal justice process
Laws are different in different places
what determines whether or not i have a right to something
Regarding rights
I mean some places don't consider marital rape a crime either to get closer to the subject
filozof: the law decides whether you have a right to something
Write to something that you assert against the state no one has any rights visa the individual people outside of those spelled out in a contract
I agree certain laws are nearly universal becUse they are effective
No one has rights to anything from other people
Right
I'm good, getting through my work day :) how're you?
Unless there's a contract
That's what I am getting at AtlasB
The concept of right is a political concept it is not a moral concept
The theory of rights that the u.s. operates under is natural right this is not the theory that all countries operate under but it is the one we operate under
Well there is might is right, and you can take your rights that way in a sense
i'm good too ! i'm currently trying to find some information about how to sleep better at night
drok: back to your example about the woman who never leaves her house
Mike is the reason that we have a state the state has a monopoly on the use of initiation of force to remove that from between men
Is it still her fault because she could have done more?
Not Mike might
hubby doesn't sleep well and wakes up really tired, he can't seem to get a good night's sleep
I find taking magnesium helps me
Ok blowing
No blowing it has to be reasonable
so i was reading up on phonology
there's a product called Natural Calm that you mix with warm water 
I don't think anyone expect anyone to take all reasonable precautions but the notion that you can get dead drunk among strangers and be safe is Ludacris and no one in history ever saw that
and i just learned that i've picked up some of the california vowel shift
Lol capital ludacris
pen -> pan?
I love it!
Hahahaaha
fucking mike taking away our guns
Yeah that my autocorrect knows
That mike
From a personal responsibility standpoint, yes. Although that's where the law is useful.
Ludacris like the singer?
Yeah
She has that auto thing on
hey protopill do you speak normal american or california?
Ludacris and Mike are plotting against us
has anyone tried the bras/underwear from forever21? I've been looking around for places to buy underthings that aren't crazy expensive
SerNemesis: normal American? Lol
I'm driving shut up
oooh i didn't know magnesium had an effect on sleep. i'll check it out
thanks !
Idk I say dude sometimes so
Haha AtlasB
nope, i only tried their long sleeve shirts, which i love
no blowing because if it's nonmoral fault I'm comfortable calling it a matter of perception
how do you say "dude"? like "doowd" or "dewd"?
It's the con at the opposite end of the collective responsibility blowing
i have a bra from there, it's cute for once in a while but the quality isn't that good
and for that it's relative at a certain point nonmoral fault is nonsense
it's lace and it's a little itchy 
a butterfly is at fault 60 years ago
I feel dumb
for flapping its wings
Oh just regular dude SerNemesis
for panties i tried the Bikini ones from Fruit of the Loom. I find them really comfy
I'm out of my surfing phase
as in "doowd"?
That was like 16-19
why is talking about nonmoral fault useful?
Yeah
so you speak american
jade_cat does he have a physically demanding job or workout hard frequently? if so, ZMA works wonders
Because not everyone has the same morals
Idk when I go to the east coast
Otherwise we would t have any issues
Everyone says they can tell I'm from the west coast
because we want to know what we could have done as responsible individuals
So...
filozof
I don't know what it is to be honest
We wouldn't need to talk about rules
i think i've lost some of my californianness from studying in austin and talking to a bunch of transplants in the bay area
it's about practicality
"he/she was retarded"
SerNemesis: can you still say Trader Joes
"don't be like him/her, my son"
as in?
But at each end you have retarded stuff going on
isn't it a normal pronunciation?
he stopped working out right before the holidays because he got sick but he plans to start again. his job isn't physically demanding, it's a desk job
Not everywhere
I've heard it weird
oh
wasn't aware
what is ZMA ?
So are they both at fault based on their own level of retarded
So at each end you have something
You have the woman being retarded at one end
i don't see how people differentiate between moral fault and nonmoral fault, when people say that the woman is at fault for the rape, what they mean is that the rapist shouldnt be punished
and that is the problem
Retarded meets retarded and rape happens
And at the other end you have the rapist really going out of his way to be a dick
No filozof
because if rapists dont get punished, that worsens the situation for women who are more likely to be raped 
Nothing you said is correct
No way filozof it isnt black and white.
that's how people see fault
Fault and blame have that connotation
nonmoral fault is only meaningful at the point where the interested individual could have taken meaningful steps to change his/her fate; otherwise it's no different from other matters of causality
No one said rapists shouldn't be punished except you filozof
Ownership, responsibility, and accountability don't
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZMA_(supplement) really effective for moi
The rapist should get punished, but the woman could have shown more caution.
people who say women are at fault for rape say that in order to imply that she deserved it and the rapist shouldnt be punished
That is what it means.
Fault has connotations of responsibility and accountability
I think fault is more shaming than that Drok
I'm technically contributing in some minor way to many murders, indirectly; but not in any meaningful way
No that's what you are saying filozof
No that is what YOu make out of it filozof 
You also happen to be wrong
Its literally that she could have been more cautious.
I've seen people do that tho
What he's saying
that's the only reason people protest the idea that women are at fault for being raped
They are like she shouldn't have worn a short skirt and use it to justify
filozof come on. you take pride in your smarts why are you doing this
because they know that its another way of saying that the rapist was entitled to it
there are better things to argue about
That does happen even if that's not what y'all are doing
than constantly misinterpreting drok
No one is entitled to anything
i'm not misinterpreting drok
Yes you are
Loool.
i never talked about his opinions
Lol BeyondTheLight
No one is entitled to successfully rape someone
I wish I knew what was going on lol
i talked about what normal people mean when they say a woman is at fault for being raped
I must have missed the hypo
seems like it would be really good for him
You mean the guys who try to rationalize away their part in it or the man's part in it filozof ?
thank you :)
people who say that the woman is at fault for being raped typically mean she has a moral responsibility
That's the whole point
that's not what drok means, but that's what it means in common usage
That's how the BP'ers take it
BP has ethical solipsism. So you need to remove morals from the question
That's why they get ripshit
it's understandable that they take it that way, since that's what people typically mean
Haha ripshit
Blowing++
No they don't mean moral responsibility they mean little responsibility they mean that literally the woman put herself in a dangerous position and that's why the woman got raped it is not a moral statement
gah the "5 things you like about your SO" thread has given me so much feels, I just wanna snuggle and spoil him
the causal relationship is obvious, a woman got raped because she got drunk and careless
saying that is not victim blaming
right it is simply a statement of cause and effect
good morning ladies :)
saying that a woman has moral responsibility for her rape is victim blaming
she made meaningful decisions that led to that fate
morning :)
the causal relationship goes both ways, the rapist caused the rape and the victim caused it too
I'm saying there are no morals to discuss
and I do not give a shit about what moronic "normal people" think about. that
the question is who should be punished for causing it
Are we talking percentages of fault?
hi littleteafox :) I haven't seen you around.
especially if they are talking about moral fault of victims
awwwh
who should bear the harm
good morning !
hey jade_cat :)
yes blowing
yeah but think about the rapist, who got strung along by the woman wearing too little
:(
percentages is fine and makes sense since everyone and everything is interrelated
littleteafox, are you new to rpw, or am I just really unobservant?
There are no morals
that's why I said I have some insignificant hand in causing some murders out there
indirectly
There are just two people who want different things
My sister was in a cult that told her she was going to hell for tempting men when her short sleeve shirt
I've been around for a few months
That are exclusive
cool :)
those cultists are morons and deceptive then blowing
Whichever happens
That was directed at Jack4ss
(I'm creeping your post history - your boyfriend sounds adorable!)
Succeeds
Fiat oh yeah it was fuuuuucked up
isnt hell for moral faults
The other fails
I'm less active in the chat, I only have time for irc @ work and work's been very busy lately.. holidays are our crazy time (I work with nonprofits/donations)
The other is at fault
fair!
They set her up with an omega cult member to marry
he is adorable! I am pretty smitten
awwww
how long have yall been together?
a little over a month lol, it feels like longer
Lol
haha cute
We've been friends since last spring though
if i taped 100$ bills to myself and went walking through the ghetto
How old is your sister?
that's nice! 
Does this cult have a website I want to see it
Typical intro
i dotn "deserve" to be mugged
She's 39
i am not "morally responsible" for being mugged
cute :)
but i damn sure contributed heavily to being muggeds with my behavior
They've been married since 2001. She won't divorce him because God. Even tho he hasn't worked in ... ever:
but-for doign that i woul dNOT have been mugged
And that's the story of why I don't mention my sister
I'm really excited about valentine's day for once in a long while
yay! Anything planned?
So she was married at 24?
In the cult?
Yes
To both
he's instructed me to take monday+tuesday off
ooh.
because we're having a 4 day weekend of it and he said he's going to take care of it
AtlasB: dropping the but for test
oh that sounds wonderful
awwwwh :)
what are you doing to prepare?
other then that I don't know what's going on:)
(I would be all up in the fancy underwear)
How exciting1
I feel like I'm in torts class again
lol
well its true
isnt it?
It is
lol I was just asking earlier about where to find decent underwear that isn't too crazy expensive
haha
That test was always really easy for me to understand. Damn proximate cause
I was wondering if people had tried forever21's stuff
if THAT'S why, forget my idea about Fruit of the Loom
hahaha
Though was a bitch
haha yeah
for work days they are comfy though, but for date night, not so much haha
Yeah AtlasB I used the same example
can you sneakily find out what he's into?
You aren't at "fault", but you sure ain't a genius for doing it.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/jury-finds-dc-sports-bar-redline-discriminated-against-black-bartender/2016/01/27/ec1b7952-c51b-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html?tid=pm_local_pop_b
I know my huscat prefers solid colors and plain fabrics to fancy lace etc
have any men wever thought they had the right to get drunk and have nothign bad happen to them
hmmmm I'd be down for that, I'd have to think of how
Should someone receive half a mill for a civil rights case?
protopill: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e8/California_vowel_shift.png/440px-California_vowel_shift.png
Cuz he wouldn't shake her hand??
i have most of those shifts in my speech
I but forever 21 stuff
I like it for the basics
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/418412621608096617/ that's kind of cute
(we don't have f21 here so I'm on pinterest)
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/156148312056987505/ oh, I like that!
i lik ehoneydew intimates
what do you consider crazy expensive
oh I like both of those!
are you a student, littleteafox ?
AtlasB: in Montana I used to leave my car running in the parking lot of the gas station when i would get coffee bc I didn't want my car to get cold.
those are cute WingN ! and look comfy
no I'm just cheap haha
I wish I could wear bralettes, argh
SerNemesis: I would probably have to hear it
they look so relaxed and cute
Or practice it
I've bought VS stuff before but haven't been impressed with their quality
I'm a kinetic learner
I assume f21 would be similar...
That's the level you're dealing with when it comes to some women
this has some descriptions of it: https://web.stanford.edu/~eckert/vowels.html
yeah but at least I'd be wasting $10 rather than $40
Thanks
hah
the problem with being realistic about fault on an official level is that it promotes general acceptance 
Or the time I went to the doctors office and asked that woman why she was unwrapping gifts and you told me if I did that you'd beat my ass.
also, interesting article: http://audio.californiareport.org/archive/R201211231630/a
if the transfer happens on an official level "women should stay away from refugees, not be out alone, cover up, etc) people will just accept that muslims raping is eh whatever
and not kick them all out
I'll have to figure out a way to discover his tastes
Ewww I'd shove screwdrivers in my ears if I had to listen to a vowel shifter all day.
I know he likes the colors black and red
if you can afford it, you could get a couple of different things and do a fashion show
i know my huscat loves when I try new things on for him and get a bit flirty.
""If you try to think about what you think a surfer or a skater or a valley girl talks like, and do it, you can feel your mouth feels different," D'Onofrio says. "And I think that has to do a lot with the way that the vowels are shifting."
Valley girl speak is real that's for sure
do you know his tastes about other pieces of clothing ? maybe it could give a hint
He loves my dresses
what do they look like ?
witz sure
im not talking about refugee rape
what shape/fabric ?
im talkign abotu drunk college rape
they're mostly from H&M and are skater style, fitted up top, flare out tiny bit
sometimes icky things happen between ppl
rape in general though 
they are tragedies
print?
but they dont amount to crimes
if men know there's no outrage and no proof 
they know when they can get away with date rape
and of course they can 
right
like the comments on trp 
i have no problem with the outrage
actually 
really you just have to get her alone 
outrage away
it's true
I think the outrage has been amazingly successful, personally
because if people keep saying that women are at fault for people drunk raping them or refugees accepting them
becaus eoutrage isnt the legal system bringing its monopoly on th euse and threat of force down on youi
the rapists wont get punished
that's what "fault" means
 a tiny amount of men are collateral damage 
whether or not that collateral damage is worth it is the debate
maybe its not maybe it is
oh nad the tiny amount of women who are actually raped
also collateral damage
his favorite was the black one, which had a little keyhole opening in the back
so simple with sneaky details?
looks like it's not on their website anymore
witzie should a man be kicke dout of college and lose his scholarship
over an unprovable rap echarge?
http://www.forever21.com/shop/ca/en/valentines-intimates-loungewear/p/lace-paneled-light-push-up-bra-2002247089--1001
this one in red
he also likes  the other one I have that is of similiar style, but is a dark red floral
you are an enlightened person AtlasB and understand the nuances of placing a reasonable amount of blame on the victim 
most people don't 
no i understand what youre saying
an dagree
on the outrage tip
but in procedural practice
should he lose his scholarship?
these cases ar eunprovable
you go the other way where people understand what men want to do when they get women alone and say well "of course she knew what she was getting into" you get egypt or some shit
where all a man has to do is get her alone
but really thats always true
99.99% of men stop themselves
taking ALL eresponsibility from her
encourages her
in the west 
to blindly put herself in danger
its a fine baance
the white west
protopill it's interesting how i didn't lose my indian accent until i came to california
women get rape dby blakc guys
get some cheapies and see what he likes!
the little secret of collee rape
no one talks about
lol
its cultural
as always
came here at like 13, lost most of my accent in a few years
SerNemesis: you were born in India?
4:53 PM <@AtlasB> these cases ar eunprovable  
if the man actually rapes her, the chance of having an unprovable case brought against him is 100000x higher than if he doesn't 
nope blowing
so he's highly incentivized not to rape her
witzie i have zero problem withextra legal cultural pressure
but i learnt english from my parents
who were born in india
she might be psycho and charge him anyway
Were you home schooled?
i prefer it
and it was the second language they taught me
personally I don't think it's worth throwing away the judiciary process
but I see why they do it
and respect it
because it works
yeah home schooled too though i did preschool and stuff
and i reap the benefits
and then went to high school
for a few classes
ah the black one was like this http://www2.hm.com/en_gb/productpage.0313735025.html only the back is keyhole and not strappy
I've reaped the benefits of modern rape culture hysteria multiple times 
imo
Oh ok because usually even first generations have an American accent if they are in school
right witzie
it works for team woman
so who am I to complain 
it's kind of awesome for me
do you recognize that AtlasB ?
nobody ever admits this
Yes witzie
disagree with it on legal principle, by all means
but don't ignore reality
I've reaped the bennies too
everyone does blowing except the tiny few who are collateral damage
mena nd women
how do men benefit?
it's pretty !
women go alone with them and have casual sex SerNemesis 
I mean specifically one dude I said hold on and he cart wheeled off the bed practically
unlike 60 years ago
alpha men
beta men are worse off as a result
who cares about them
2:53 PM <SerNemesis> protopill it's interesting how i didn't lose my indian accent until i came to california
and super comfy :)
I didn't know you were born there
I thought you were second gen
i am second gen
but i learnt english from my parents
and they taught me marathi first
yeah the burgundy/floral color swatch is the other dress he liked
i'm considering dresses like that for inside the house, but with leggings under (i'm always really cold)
so english was my second language and i learnt their accent
that's what i do, jade_cat 
it's the same style lol, it is very flattering on me
I have a small waist that is higher up, and those types of dresses are perfect for that
yes, I'm short waisted too, so a-line all the way
me too
i...have no idea if i'm short-waisted or not. how do you measure/calculate that ?
they'd totally make good house dresses.. they're very comfortable, don't wrinkle easily
do you buy dresses and the waist is too low for you so it bunches up?
https://www.google.com.au/search?q=short+waisted&espv=2&biw=871&bih=896&tbm=isch&imgil=Zfpt_bxO159i1M%253A%253Bh7DiGh1hPZdEXM%253Bhttps%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.pinterest.com%25252FJenniferfromLJ%25252Fshort-waisted-solutions%25252F&source=iu&pf=m&fir=Zfpt_bxO159i1M%253A%252Ch7DiGh1hPZdEXM%252C_&usg=__fqPmfSHJ2DbA5-kIf9GE5XVqyn8%3D&ved=0ahUKEwjQqJyXzs3KAhWkKaYKHTjpByEQyjcIJg&ei=k52qVpCTC6TTmAW40p-IAg#imgrc=Zfpt_bxO159i1
M%3A&usg=__fqPmfSHJ2DbA5-kIf9GE5XVqyn8%3D
i usually buy skirts, not dresses, so i don't know :( it's been a while since i bought clothes too
a lower waist line make me look 20lbs heavier hah
but bring it up a couple inches and I'm golden
yep
everything has its benefits and drawbacks, if we protect women from being raped more then men are going to be harmed as a result
https://divadressing.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/your-waist1.jpg
so the first one is average, the second is short waisted (short torso, smallest part is higher up) and the third is long waisted (long torso, waist is further down)
make sense jade_cat ?
i'm the average one
yep makes sense :)
there you go then :)
 yeah most of my height is in my legs
http://en.simone-perele.com/#!lingerie_creations=122851563845 oh, I think I love the delice
not in that colorway
This 'computers are taking over' thing is getting sillier and sillier the more I think about it. The board game thing is ridiculous - is a computer better at racing than a human if the computer flies an airplane and the human runs? 
(my husband and I have opposing lingerie tastes, sigh)
computers are never going to take over
For us to worry about computers taking over, there have to be similar resources allocated to the competing sides
the human, and the machine 
it's an utter nonsense from people who read too much SF
wow this is beautiful !
what does he like ?
hnghhh. he likes plain colors, no lace.
no fancy details.
walk home with them... pfft
i remember reading responses to computer beating go saying "if computers can do everything better than humans, why do we need humans?"
that blue bra is gorgeous
the program gets several racks of processors to leverage - ok, the human gets several racks of processors to leverage
well... maybe because we enjoy our existence?
i think the idea is that some higher power will stop needing humans once computer do everything better than them
i have no idea what that higher power is though
ahh i see
15:04:26 <Frensel> This 'computers are taking over' thing is getting sillier and sillier the more I think about it. The board game thing is ridiculous - is a computer better at racing than a human if the computer flies an airplane and the human runs? 
it's better if the computer drives an F1 car and the human does too
if machines can do everything better than humans, that's great news
https://www.google.com.au/search?q=simone+perele+magie&espv=2&biw=871&bih=896&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj6g4rAz83KAhVk5qYKHdeYBHYQ_AUIBigB#imgrc=i_q90aWPa-n5TM%3A in contrast, my favourite ever set
(although I prefer the non-padded bra as it's more sheer and gorgeous
)
right, and that's somewhere where computers can genuinely beat us 
https://www.google.com.au/search?q=simone+perele+magie&espv=2&biw=871&bih=896&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj6g4rAz83KAhVk5qYKHdeYBHYQ_AUIBigB#imgrc=Zu0NkIIgdJucxM%3A non padded version.
wow it's beautiful !
but with regard to anything that is slightly open-ended, there's no evidence that computers can touch us - on a level playing field
yeahhhhhhhhhhhh. I have both colorways, prefer the berry though.
but huscat is not fussed at all about them, he prefers cheap and bright haha
if they get vast amounts of processing power to just brute force extremely long move-sequences, then we at least get to use our bloody laptops 
i suspect once neural networks are advanced enough computers will be able to beat us in everything
oh my
so what?
love the first one
such pretties 
hahaha, then you should wear your favourite when you do a spa day alone at home or something :)
I do!
obviously that would make us obsolete, which is a big deal
here is how the rape hysteria culture affects men: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-08-24/hook-up-culture-at-harvard-stanford-ebbs-amid-assault-alarm-1-
" <Frensel> obviously that would make us obsolete, which is a big deal" - obsolete to whom?
I do need to get some more bright huscat-friendly underwear though
when you say bright, is it the colour ? or the fabric ? (such as satin)
to whoever is in charge at the moment 
bright colors and plain (non shiny) fabric
time for me to roll out, catch you ladies later :)
take care littleteafox !
"Pollack said a patient recently told him about making out with a girl at a party. Things were going fine, the student said, when suddenly a vision of his schools disciplinary board flew into his head.
I want to go to law school or medical school after this, Pollack said, recounting the students comments. I said to her, its been nice seeing you."
yeah sure sounds great for men
humans are in charge
some humans are in charge
a very limited number
and we can never become obsolete to ourselves
ok bye bye littleteafox !
which gets as limited as possible, depending on how many you need in charge
if you the minimum number of people in charge is zero, something close to that number will shortly be reached
ahh i see, so no satin for you :(
power accumulates
most countries are democratic and they won't get a small group of people take over
all countries are ruled by very small elite circles 
everybody will get to use the benefits of computers, not just the elites
democracy is a means of competing within those very small elite circles
it is not a way of giving 'power to the people' 
thats okay, I don't love satin
"The specter of an assault accusation is often in the back of male students minds, Gill said. His fraternity owns a handsome Victorian house outside brick-paved Harvard Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Most brothers live on campus, rather than in the house, which is mainly used for parties. It can become a concern even in innocuous situations, such as
when a female friend told him she was interested in one of his pals."
oh ok then :)
"Gill passed the contact information along. Still, his friend hesitated to follow up.
Even though she was interested, he didnt want to pressure her, Gill said. He was worried about making her feel uncomfortable."
Why don't they get rid of Muslims instead of blaming women for rape?
silk and lace for me please!
the girl was interested in him
and he was still scared to take it further
Seems like the optimal solution
I need to upgrade my everyday bras i guess
I mean it's probably smart to recognize
Like witzie, you understand Muslims are rapey
It's still not normalized
Like oh well muzzies gonna rape
Well in Europe maybe
But in America that wouldn't go over well
just stop them from raping tbh 
it really shouldn't be possible
everyone should be put into a medically induced coma at birth, there would be no rape or crime of any kind, ever
As long as you aren't being a collectivist about it
https://www.lavieenrose.com/en/magnetic-attraction-lightly-lined-bra-neutral-4639
that's my everyday bras
ooh front snap!
that's nice
hubby loves the fact that it's a magnetic front snap
Stop trying to integrate Muslims, just let them be separate. In their own countries.
and they are super comfy
i think blacks are pretty well integrated
Then what they do is a whole lot of not my problem
my friend Lonny_Z doesnt steal or anything
I'm ok with immigration so long as other policies fit thematically
but then you'd lose out on a wage depressing worker surplus, drok
you're not thinking like a german 
I like what some redditors say about how leftist socialism doesn't fit well
with open borders
Haha
front snaps are good!
We've got people for that already
by the way cake, you weren't online when i asked, so : would you have any suggestions to help get better sleep ?
most of the "everyday" ones i'm looking at are only in black/nude, sigh
hubby sleeps 6-8 hours but he wakes up really tired
awwh that's sad :(
i found some red ones a while ago
 "Accents aside, it's the slurring of words that I find most distinct. I can barely understand my teenage daughter or her friends."
yup
that's california teenagers for you
20 mins later
And still on the vowel shifters
Read that as vowel shitters
3:21 PM <SerNemesis> that's california teenagers for you
"Get off my property"
lol
Southern accents are far more soothing to me
SerNemesis: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/42xbzw/feminisms_role_in_the_global_power_strategy/czfqa4d?context=3
Check this out man
Crazy crazy shit
ewww blowing 
southern accents are baaaaaad
No way
Florida/Georgia and NJ/NY are my comfort accents
"The Yankee is more than his equal at any time, but the Yankee has an inborn inclination to observe the rules of the game."
sounds like the second-generation asian
ewww new jersey
What's the topic
that is such a distinct and annoying accent
jews or fugees?
protopill
i wonder if its possible to eat just one custard cream
lol protopill
that guy is out there
Lol Jack4ss
You're in surround
PM and chat simultaneously with your custard cream
Oh wait this is main chat
good job u didnt send any nudes then ay
The day I send you nudes is the day you discover a 55 year old fat black man has been catfishing you
Still interested?
sounds hot blowing
3:26 PM <DavidHasselhof> jews or fugees?
Jews
He wants me to "wake up"
so the jew jews or the elite jews?
Because I have been lied to
im in it for the long run blowing
By the Jewish oligarchy
Blowing topless  https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/aXzuPka6/IMG_1744.JPG
thats going in the folder
Hahahahahahah blowing++
Dem titties
That's really good
he looks like gravity is pulling him to the left
like you are printing it out jack4ss
3:32 PM <DavidHasselhof> so the jew jews or the elite jews?
I can't tell
right*
i need something to go  on my bedside table dont i
Hi all
I was reading about shit tests today...
why on earth, did he take that selfy and upload it
gives me hope for my body issues
Don't talk about me like I'm not still here
you dont mind, you are just lucky to have me
Bc I thought, oh how awful women do that! Poor guys always have to have their frame challenged! 
we have hijacked the conversation
What a drag!
with this drivel
someone say something better
Its not awful
Jews or more blowing tits?
Its natural human behavior
more jews pls
Testing boundaries 
Kids do it
thats never been said before
But then I read the examples... And it I realized Omg I do that allll the time
Yup lol
only "less jews plz"
Like allll time
I like banter
I have a dry kind of humor
Jack4ss https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/xLdlUSye/IMG_1745.JPG
more jews in the gas chamber pls friedrich
More Jew you say?
hahahahaha
But I'm wondering if I'm coming across as unattractive now?
Are you single?
I def and does that make me an HH?
didnt you listen in history?
Yeah
Not even a little
the jews were gassed
blowing was probably blowing
yeah
blowing the teacher for grades
man so many comments complaining about the rising tone on sentences
Blowing was coloring in her coloring books
*on statements
what else would you do with them?!
i've only heard feeemales say it
Draw in my drawing pad?
and i don't think it's all that confusing
Journal in my journal?
it's more of a comma than a period
hahahah
diarying in my diary
Hahahha
laptoping on my laptop
I'm dying
i wanna say this out loud
i'm off everyone, supper time. have a nice evening !
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/gNn5y6d6/
exactly
MRA/TRP doesn't want to admit that the feminist dogma makes men more careful and conscientous
"you can't teach men not to rape!"
but it does
JACK https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/6f0lwN4u/New+Recording.m4a
the guy wasn't raping her
he was making out with her
and bailed
yep 
he wouldn't have raped her regardless
that's a silly example, but even more men who actually get the girl drunk alone etc
witzie it only makes beta males more self conscious
don't rape her when they otherwise would
Thats what the world was like before the sexual revolution
nah fiat 
it doesn't influence alpha males as much
it does
gimp
but it influences most men
inhibited Men regulating themselves 
Beta males stop raping
http://www.nbcnews.com/health/body-odd/we-all-speak-valley-girls-now-f2D11722245
So it just makes it even worse for betas
beta males were barely raping in the first place
How do you think the sexual revolution goes away?
"Its easy to dismiss uptalk as the airheads language quirk, but it can be a useful way of speaking: Ritchart and Arvanti identified an interesting way uptalk is used  to hold the floor, or to let the listener know theyre not done talking. The uptalk sort of acts as a verbal comma, explains Arvanti, who notes that their study is not the
first to find this usage. For example, in the map experiment, the speaker might say something like, OK, so, go toward Warren? before continuing on with his instructions (And then do you see Valley Mall?). Ritchart and Arvanti found that 45 percent of floor holding instances used uptalk, and 16 percent of simple statements did, too. "
Can't have sex when they want to
men know if they're alone with a girl, there's a slight chance they could get in trouble.  if they rape her that chance is 1000000000x higher than if they don't
Can't rape when they want to
even though there's still a tiny chance if they don't
it isn't a tiny chance
look at these guys
Jack4ss: I PMed you another one
they are avoiding stuff that isn't even remotely rapey
Do you have a high need for dominance in a man
thanks
AtlasB: right but sexes regulated themselves
And strong desire to lead and Marshall people?
now the feminists want men to regulate themselves while women continue doing whatever the hell they want
And high tolerance for dominance 
?
SerNemesis: you're upset about men self regulating to stay out of harmful situations?  
Very few women are HH
but you think I shouldn't care about women having to do the same to avoid being raped 
lol
the trauma!
god
6:44 PM <SerNemesis> AtlasB: right but sexes regulated themselves
I just became 500% stupider
They regulated themselves out of fear
Just don't regulate
hmmm... I so like  dominant men
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/e52JdaAG/New+Recording+2.m4a
*both
do*
Makes things easier
a lot
both sexes regulated themselves
In an unregulated environment 
They do
no i don't have a strong desire to lead people, but  i am very logical, and i don't like bullshit
the rape hysteria culture regulates men
but doesn't regulate women
yeah
protopill have you seen this? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6c_dinY3fM
so why should I be against it?
I don't know if I mind really. if beta males want to support this and wipe themselves out that's just bad for "civilized society"
somebody tell me
it's all one-sided
JACK!!!!!!
I've got mine and can handle that
you shouldn't
you're on team woman
just stop claiming it benefits men
:(
I think it kind of benefits men
so i may try to steer away from the bullshit, if I feel someone might be fooling themselves or whatever
Lol no DavidHasselhof
SerNemesis++
top comment
you said yourself you don't care about the beta males, witzie
.quote
PPD make me red, TRP makes me purple...
one of the things people always say is "it empowers women to be promiscuous and uncautious!"
it benefits some men
but the side effect of this
is men getting casual sex
so that benefits men
and they tend to care less about consequences
men didn't get casual sex like they do now
Oh nice
Blowing++
they tend to worry less and have less self inhibitions
a woman is more likely to go be alone with a man
if she thinks he'll stop if she tells him to
and a lot of the time she doesn't tell him to
.quote add 3:47 PM <DavidHasselhof> PPD make me red, TRP makes me purple...
Wait, there is a typo
but looking back, I think I act kind of like a bully  to guys . eeek!
So it's good for the rapists
PPd makes me red, TRP makes me purple...
jeez
Oh whoops
Oh wells
right drok
the rapists are less likely to care about the campus rape court consequences
I hate that drok's name is so close to dork
I'm talking about consensual 
not even rapists
I have almost messed up
it's bad for rapists
So many times
it's good for the alphas who don't rape
and bad for the alphas who do
and they'll be more adept at manipulating women into not reporting it in the first place
no it's good for the alphas who rape
whether or not that's a big benefit or not I don't really care
.quote
I got black ones!
chastity used to be worth protecting, now it isn't
oh if it's sexual revolution in general , then yeah witzie sure
but women like to pretend it is in order to get sympathy or whatever 
it benefits most men but not lower tier betas and omegas
the reason there was such an intense reaction was because there was a practical need for it
Only the top men get to have the casual sex mostly
glad you're still alive AtlasB 
.quote
Lol
.quote
sorry WingN , afk. Something about not wanting to live in a tiny house with him
which was intended to mean "I wouldn't want to live in a tiny house with anyone, even you my beloved"
but came across more like "I might want to live in a tiny house but definitely not with YOU because you are smelly"
https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/434got/my_wife_couldnt_find_her_wedding_ring_yesterday/czfoyx7 lmaooo
anyway, work time now! Have a great morning yall.
as to the earlier convo, i dont believe you can teach men not to rape
but you can teach them that there are bad consequences to raping
No it's not just top men
what's the difference filozof ?
a trained dog doesn't know why he shouldn't bite he just knows he'll get punished if he does, so he doesn't 
end result is the same
i think the issue is that feminists naively think that you can just tell men not to rape
and they wont do it
they seem to think that men think rape is ok
and when you tell them its wrong theyll stop doing it
I don't get that impression 
it's more of a "you better not rape, or else"
it's men and MRAs who are all whiny like "heyyyy men don't want to rape we know it's not moral"
lulz sure you do
the accusation of rape culture is pretty offensive to men
"you better not rape, or else" is fine
"you better not get accused of rape, or else" is not
most men know raping a woman is wrong
and judge men who do that
7:36 PM <SerNemesis> "you better not get accused of rape, or else" is not
So almost all western culture was wrong 
You think they had a trial for him 150 yes ago?
we had slavery 150 years ago
and few women in college in the first place
more like no women in college
not even sandwich making diplomas?
There we're women in colkege
mrs. degrees
:)
Why do pol say tgat
i didn't say there weren't
That seven sisters
i said there were few women
Rmbp did
and seven sisters weren't co-ed so this issue would not apply
i didn't know
Almost no one went tocollege
yeah
there were as many women in college as men
pretty much
that is surprising to me
http://archives.syr.edu/images/exhibits/women/pub2.jpg
With yup
god those dresses are uglyl
In the 20s after ww1
huh interesting
College started exploding for men and women
Then the ww2 gi bill
Made the gap between men and women grow
Briefly
Then it was closing in the 60s
Then women surpassed men 
alright
Everything women complain they "couldn't do"
Almost no men could do eitger
And had just started
Lawyers
Drs
How many drs do ppl think there we're in 1870?
if you believe in equality between men and women, you are a feminist
You'd be a theoretical feminist. Most practical feminists wouldn't accept purely that
http://orig08.deviantart.net/3053/f/2016/018/1/a/daily_paint__1154__rattishes_by_cryptid_creations-d9ohvdh.png
imaginary aww is wonderful
I just wish there was more activity
they claim thats all feminism is
"feminism: the radical idea that women are people"
of course in order to actually be a feminist, you need to accept waay more theory than that
like the idea that you can't be sexist against men
because as a man, apparently i dominate in society
Feminism is the radical idea that women are men
Which is fucking crazy
phrasing it as "women are people" makes them sound more innocuous
sweden is expelling 80k refugees from its country
thoughts?
I mean, most of feminism is not really any idea(s) at all anymore; it's just a privilege advocacy group for women, but yea, I mean, most feminists are going to insist you agree with quite a lot more theory
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-sweden-idUSKCN0V60HB
feminism is not a privilege advocacy group
they believe they are making people equal
if they really believed that, they would rename their movement "gender equality"
which after 40 years, they refuse to do
and now it third wavers would say it would be exclusionary to do so
hello everyone
because it would exclude gender nonconforming individuals from being seen as equals
hello :D
hi sunhappy :)
it's good to see you
they believe that women are systematically disadvantaged
so in order to get equality, you have to elevate the status of women
sure
one thing im wondering about is the apparently fluid nature of gender according to feminists, where you are any gender you claim to be
so
that is third wave, inclusive feminists
most feminists do not believe that premise
so if feminists want to make a safe space free from men
gender fluidity is a very new concept
all i have to do is declare myself a woman
i wouldn't even include it in the conversation about feminism
why do you think most feminists dont believe that?
because they don't
i think mainstream leftism believes that
NOW isn't advocating for trans women
from what i see advocated on the internet
leftism can advocate for something sure. that's not feminism though
TERFs seem to be ostracized heavily
the small and vocal minority of sjw women on tumblr
is not feminism
i would argue
that if you start to incorporate the concept of gender fluidity and nonbinary to the conversation of feminism
you would in fact dismantle the movement entirely
and that it would longer be a case of elevating women socially, politically and economically
but removing the concept of "woman" entirely
thus eliminating the need for gender period. which may never materialize cuz why?? but still
Well, they'd be forced to accept that there are groups of people more disadvantaged than "women"
most feminists aren't not support of trans rights
which I think is more the crux
than dismantling women
if you accept that gender does not exist
maybe the difference between us is that we tend to have contact with different people who call themselves "feminists"
there would be no "man" "woman" or "other"
i mostly see them on reddit
and they are as i describe them
there are some in the gender/trans movements 
that want to eliminate the concept of sex
as well
Well, they could say "I, as a CIS woman am disadvantaged"
filozof: i live in DC
i am always around feminists. all my peers are feminists
third wave feminists believe gender is socially constructed though, they believe that people who are perceived as women have it worse
i work with feminists
that's hwat they are saying now Architect 
which they weren't saying even 5 years ago
right
that will change
in what way?
the more they support gender nonbinary/gender nonconforming/agender thoughts
i'd put it this way
"i identify with the gender that doesn't exist"
SUnhappy - are we speaking as representative of feminists, or an observer? (Also, how'd you enjoy the snow - I got stuck nearby your god awful airport)
is basically where that would go
who is ecm?
who are you?
EastCoast man
Ecoast_man
idk who that is
I meant are YOU
a PPD original
kay
i'm speaking as a former feminist, who did feminists fellowships
he was around when I was
and work with feminists all the damn time
Archiect oh shucks! im blushing
"PPD original"?
ecm: you should
Sunhappy: 
most feminists aren't doing the gender thing. their fight is with women
which is within the gender equality conversation, and the forefront
i would like to opt out of identifying as a gender
but there's a LOT happening in that space.
just call me neutral
Sunhappy - okay are a woman or man?
you can be zhe, DG69 
can you explain to me why you say "they'd have to admit woman doesn't exist" if they admit gender is a learned or socially impressed thing? Couldn't just jhust say "i am now a cis woman and therefore, this is the gender that's oppressed!"
why dont you like being a woman?
DG69: I am a thunder kin
i am a heterosexual, heteroromantic, cis gendered woman 
like chad
thundercock kin
this is my analysis of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoPMoczHPrQ
1) 
roflol
I hope matt doesnt see this
trans people i think are bad for feminism's goals of getting rid of gender roles
or for proving gender roles are enforced by society
i dont get why they feel they cant just live the lives they want to live without changing their gender
Sunhappy - okay, because Architect is also asking this question, and I think it demands an answer - do feminists generally accept the trans argument (which presumes a difference between the sexes), or are they still going with 100% social construction?
blargh
yes, trans people prove there are differences between male and female brains
like "i want to look like this and act like this and do these things.....therefore i must change my gender?"
trans people prove nothing
i think that's down tot he feminist ecm 
do you think you could just live your life in a mans body?
why not just dress and act and do things like you want to
there's no science that's concrete and generally accepted on that yet
that you wouldnt feel comfortable?
and trans is an umbrella term
DG69: because they believe the faults in their life are caused by unique external factors
i dont think i could just live in a womans body lke that
first and second wave feminists are not intersectionalists
why do you think you have to cut off your penis to act completely like a woman
Sunhappy - the science suggests its nature, or at best MORE nature than nurture...
so they aren't supportive of it
the science says nothing
trans people only draw the dividing line between the genders darker and deeper
drag queens fall under trans
it has nothing to do with science
they should feel totally ok to do all the womanly things they want to do
someone who is agender falls under trans
it has nothing to do with science
and should feel that its ok for men to do those thigns
it's an umbrella term 
trans people are interesting in gender politics; they just wanna be who they wanna be DG69 
So is Bruce Jenner completely making it up Sunhappy?
for people who's gender is fluid
not that they have to change their gender
to do those thigns
and not strictly part of traditional binary understanding 
Bruce Jenner is a privledged white guy with money
he can do whatever he wants
yes dg69 trans people are bad for a lot of feminist goals and image. TERFs sort of makes sense
i dont think they just want to do female things
i don't think he's making it up
they want to appear as female
even he said he has a lot to learn about trans people
thats fine
HE said this as a trans person
appear as female
Sunhappy: I get what you're saying. I never thought of it like that. That's insightful. Thanks
sure
theres not that big a difference between the sexes
just do what you wanna do
well, you can't fairly say that
yall just wait
I argued with SaintOfPirates on this before but some female athletes for example don't like the idea of competing vs trans women
because there are people who don't agree with you DG69 
soon they will come out with a nonsex binary as well
its only because society treats men/women so different that trans people feel the need to completely change their identity
for vaarious reasons
Okay, so you say he is a privileged white guy with money (okay, not sure thats relevant), then you say you don't think he's making it up?
and we'll all be fucked
theres a pretty big difference between the sexes
he's not making it up
i know my female teammates didn't like the idea
^
it's his experience
i dont get female perspective on life
how can you make up your experience?
fiat of course they dont
they have an advantage
he wants to be a woman. he could pay to make the change
especially if they are competitive which mine were
yep
they were born male
the overwhelming vast majority of trans women
cannot
they can't even pass
jenner can't even pass
Sunhappy, let me rephrase - Caitlyn Jenner is a product, solely, of Bruce Jenner's lived experiences?
thats a good dilemma for the pro-trans femnists
but he has money so that's ignored. he's not representative of the majority of trans people
to we let transsexuals compete against women
no
is it transphobic not to let them?
most trans aren't rich, so its an irrelevant point
Caitlyn Jenner, fka Bruce Jenner
is whoever she wants to be
it's not an irrelevant point
i see now how you and architect are friends
No, you're bring class into something that's not class-based
LOL
we aren't
he strongly disliked me
XD
trans issues are in fact class based
all social movements in essence are class based
because they are initiated nationally by those who already have wealth and status
Sunhappy - in which way is it class-based, and are you suggesting "trans" is a "social movement"?
the gay rights movement in the 60s and 70s was started by gay minorities
and was pushed by whites
who had money
the AA rights movement was started by blacks, durr, but was only pushed forward by young jewish kids who gave a fuck and white lawyers
yes
trans rights is a social movement
obviously
and guess what?
it's ONLY gaining traction now
becuase HRC pushed for marriage equality for like 10-15 years
for white rich gay men to get legal protections
ok something that bugs me about trans people is when they say "i always felt female" growing up
so, Caitlin Jenner is then the product of a social movement? And not the individual biology or lived experiences of Bruce?
and then realized that they had no other relevant issues
it makes me wonder if im even meant to be a female
cuz they weren't inclusive
because ive never felt fucking female
to tohter groups
wtf does that mean
so they now are doing outreach for trans people, and gays of color and LESBIANS
trans is such a crock of shit
So Caitlin Jenner is the result of a sort of - privileged guilt? 
theres  no way suddenly all of these ppl are trans
i knew drag queens
they were still male
they had personalities too
not diagnoses
and politics
oh right
kiwifag256++
Spike Lee's latest movie
most famous movie of his?
Do the Right Thing
doesnt ring a bell
then again i was born 2 years later
anyways
goodnight.
wow Geraldine Ferraro was kinda cute
my friend just got rejected from yet another girl
if he wasn't a feminist, he'd be raging on TRP right now
.quote
.quote
.quote
are there any other canadians in here?
Isn't SaintOfPirates a canadian
My mom was always cooler than me
My parents we're beatniks
ZingMaster is, but she's in rpw more often
ive never gotten along much with my mom when i lived at home but when i moved out it was almost night and day
but my father is the coolest dude ever
We went through a bad patch when I moved out
WingN join #canadiansaresubhumanscum
firesprout is but she peaced out
and never came back
Dud she?
I had no use for her
apparently. I haven't seen her in a long time. 
we talked about canadian politics. I liked her
I miss her
lol
WingN: but don't you still live in one of your parents' properties?
AtlasB join #canadiansaresubhumanscum
it's not like you're far
we need more mod blood
Canadians are cold and generic
No substance
I'm about 40 min away
Across the river
i wish our families were closer :<
Can I plug my laptop into my tv and use it as a monitor
if you have the right connections, yes
I don't think my tv has vga
then you'd need a VGA to DVI adapter and then a DVI to HDMI adapter probably
the picture quality would be poop
There's no VGA to HDMI?
you could, but they're hard to find. It would be something like this...
any of you ladies watch xfiles new episode?
http://www.amazon.com/VicTsing-Gold-Plated-1080P-Adapter-Converter/dp/B00YC7U0NE/ref=sr_1_2?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1454038662&sr=1-2-spons&keywords=vga+to+hdmi+adapter&psc=1
http://www.amazon.com/Belkin-Compatible-Chromecast-Chromebooks-B2B137-BLK/dp/B00Z4TQ64Q/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1454038662&sr=1-1-spons&keywords=vga+to+hdmi+adapter&psc=1
ooor that one, because Belkin is a better company
I need VGA to hdmi
i heard it was bad
those are VGA to hdmi
i never watched the original series though
unless you meant DVI
aw i havent seen it yet but i used to like xfiles so i was sort of excited it came back
lol
The q and a say they're HDMI to VGA and not reverse
the intro music scared me as a child!
I need a new tv 
that and unsolved mysteries omg
so scary
ok so what is this thing thats happening
http://imgur.com/a/XMGSR
why
OOo get a smart tv
the one that has all the apps and stuff
Oooh
R has that it's awesome. he got me a bluray box to do that
for xmas :3 :3
i heard the second episode was better than the premier so im hoping to be able to see them soon
AtlasB: swell makes one for $8
That is make vga
Male
Smart tv 4K UHD
Actually no, sorry
You can get 4K Netflix
You can get one
But ita $60
Not worth it
lol. Glitter brows.
that is hideous omg
shes not a bad looking girl but i just dont get the glitter brow thing
4k dollars?
no thanks
some drag looking makeup
Loool
my tv was 300 
No you doofus
?
4k is the resolution :p
wha
the fuck is htat
720...1080
hmm
How crisp the picture is
Sunhappy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4K_resolution#/media/File:Digital_video_resolutions_(VCD_to_4K).svg
so we jump from 1100 to 4000?
seems like a lot
Lol
i'll wait until it's more affordable
Sunhappy++
we just got HD channels!!
now we need 4k channels??
this is too much
i hate makeup today. ti's too much
Loool
yeah Sunhappy . i'm satisfied enough with DVDs. look how pathetic dvd looks compared to 4k in that chart
i mean image
i hope to be a sahm that doens't watch tv
i spend my free time not getting fat
a lot of girls definitely overdo it, hell we had a rep come in to our office the other week, really pretty 30something but GOBS of bronzer/cakefacefoundation on
4k sounds like it would hurt my eyes
i don't want that much detail
ewww
everyone had to comment about it once she left becuse she usually comes in pretty barefaced and goodlooking but my god
i wanted to take a spatula and scrape her makeup off and boop her on the head
R said if it rubs off
you have too much on
"No!"
lol
i'm working on skin care so i won't need tha tmuch foundation
i need to get a 4k screen
actually, the ladies here encouraged me to do it. my skin looks sooooo much better
my skin has cleared up SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much since we got out of Louisiana 
like 70% of my acne scares have cleared up
hahaha
i miss LA :(
i just need to find a good toner 
that gumbo
lol 
you weren't used to the humidity?
we lived near some refineries 
Sunhappy: that was the best old lady moment I've ever seen
I'm looking at a cheap one in bestbuy
so i think it was pollution
I have a house check in march
As mom said whenever she or As sister travel out of the city for a little while their skin/dry eye problems go away
Lair of the white worm is on encore
oh i'm sure
if me and R ever move out to NM
i'm sure i'd need a few months to adjust to the nice air
and dry heat
i figure i should wait for prices to come down so i can get a good one
DC is okay but that air from the traffic congestion must be serious
with good color and fast response
i'm waiting to pay off these debts, then i'm gonna look into saving for my EF and then a car
i want a nice car though
like a toyota 
a toyota is considered a nice car?
isn't it just a normal sensible car?
lol
Get a mazda
that toyota will last forever!!
a mazda?
why that brand?
Mazdas++
.context
haha
I'm on my third
i just want a car that won't like die
a mazda is like a cool toyota only won't last quite so long
i just need to drink more water
i got a chevy aveo as my first car that i bought myself
fucking garbage
My car has almost 100k
but today was frickin GORGEOUS
i believe honda and toyota are at the top in reliabilty
Oooo wow
followed closely by nissan and mazda
my car was shitting on itself at 50k
fucking fail
yeah SerNemesis 
Last yr I finally had to spend a little moneybon it
but we're also foriegn babies
After 10 yrs
i've never seen an immigrant family without at least a toyota or honda
ever
well
I had a miata for 14 yrs
my parents first got a chevy
when they came to america
times were tough
for like 1000
then the transmission broke a month later
omg my parents got a shit car for 1000 and had to buy the engine separately
for 125
the cost to repair it would have been a few thousand
so that was the end of that
lol
it would stop in the middle of hte road some days
but when my parents moved out the ghetto and to SC
they got a honda
then a toyota.
My second car was a mazda
er
apparently going to get quite a bit of snow this weekend
wrong experience hahahaha
My first was a bottle green volvo
I loved that car
i mean not feet but still lol
how much ?
76 volvo
volvos were boxy as shit
from my memory
very square
coworkers were saying 18" or so
Yeah all cars look the same now 
and huuuuuge
i remember those really long VWs
i thought for years
"that's a white family car"
yeah that's quite a bit
cuz all the kids on tv had it!
dang
i'm glad our snow mess is over
we got 24 inches or so
Looked like this
http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3457/4562959442_7cd1050b59.jpg
Hand crank sunroof
Cream leather
6 punk rockers hanging out of it
that is hideous
ouch
You don't like old tbings
i'm sure it was the shit for your teen self though
i like old movies. i like old houses. i like reading old/used books. i like some old things :3
i think its the color. you don't see cars that color really
and it's not sleek haha. sleek cars are cool 
Only wealthy ppl had volvos
did you buy this car, AtlasB ? how much was it then?
Nothing beats a vw golf mark 2 gti
2500$ 1986 dollars
My mom had a new Volvo at the time 
so like 21,000K today
lol
It wasn't cheap for a ten yr old car
It was a volvo
do americans like volvo?
they've always been considered low class in canada
dang that car is old
Volvos are family cars
I love that car AtlasB 
classic
i think green is becoming my favourite colour
my family only drives volvos
over blue
Green is my fave color
My eyes are green
I only own black and green sweaters
My mazda3 is Nordic green
Architects drive exclusively saabs
lol. 
I knew a girl in highschool who's last name was saab
she was rich
because stereotypes are a thing
was she always saabing?
no. Because she was hot
and rich
and now works at a salon her mother owns
in school, if oyu were rich
your parents owned a lexus
idk why black folk love that car
Isn't Lexus just toyota
it's just a status symbol car
and yes
Lexus strikes me as nouveau riche
I doubt the elite drive them
lexus makes 1 good supercar
the LFA
otherwise their cars are gaudy
and cliche
Lexuses are for old people
nah,. Mercedes is for old people
well durr
lol
Lexus is for young, dumb types
Businessmen and beta bux drive audis and bmws
we're talking about lower to middle class black people in south carolina
almost no one was driving a BMW or whatever
if you had money, you were an engineer or owned a car dealership
Men who appreciate cars drive mercs and porches
porches...depends on the porsche
cayman no
911 yes
Young knobs drive wrx, sti, evo,  s2000 etc
Or vws
11:15 PM <worldtraveller> Businessmen and beta bux drive audis and bmws
worldtraveller++
Little red where at?
i don't even know the names of fancy cars
i'm just not a fancy person
you actually seem like someone who'd like cars
I like mercedes and cadillac
black people cars
or like men who have nice cars
I like sharp angles
lines
muscle cars
I like mustangs too
and peterbilt trucks
I want a fucking gigantic peterbilt 
Omg
that I'll just drive around casually
as my normal car
Wirz
My ex was a trucker
I love peterbilts
me?
thats what id drive if I was a millionaire
I rode in his truck
Architect: 
haha
It was awesome 
isn't it peterbuilt?
the biggest most intimidating majestic looking peterbilt I can buy
oh nevermind
lol the truck in GTA
They put apartment cab in them
Joebuilt
made me laugh
Real fancy
colorado springs
http://www.kustomtruck.com/images/custom-peterbilt-glider-3.jpg
Sunhappy: yea
THAT IS SO SEXY
I COULD FUCK THAT TRUCK
We saw a jet powered one at the airshow
i never cared for showy stuff like that
Omg
jesus
that's hwat R wants to drive?
Why are we so similar
it's fucking huge
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/3e/7a/8d/3e7a8deb72b3c0ac1a631f0ad07ba455.jpg
I had pics of them 
From my exes trucker mags
look at it AtlasB!!
being a trucker seems difficult
For real
do you own those things or rent them?
It is
or is it like a car lease?
I like Toyota fj cruisers. They're like reliable tanks you can drive anywhere
you have a buy a truck i think
you work for a company
no
or lease
??
I mean if you're not in affiliation with a company
you work for a company and they assign you a truck
just a citizen
R wants to retire and do that for a year
it's his childhood dream :O
my ex love dit
if you're rich enough you can own your own cab
i mad ehim a trucker
since he was like 15
he thanked me after we broke up
so he wants to do it at 50
wife and kids be damned
every time I visit SP I drive past a peterbilt manufacture/dealership 
and see all the trucks lined up
driving cross country....distributing things
glistening in the sun
:O
....
I almost rubberneck into the ditch
you really feelin those trucks, witzie 
lol
i mean, they are pretty cool
and girls love pick up trucks anyway
i like regular trucks
what do you mean?
pick ups?
yeah
R has one. it's lovely
"lovely" is my default word for nice
http://www.tenfourmagazine.com/ShowReports/2010/BigIron03.jpg
omg you should have seen the jet powered one
it's huge
at the ait show witz
it raced a plane
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/aa/US_Navy_030906-N-4459K-060_Shockwave,_the_world's_fastest_truck,_dazzles_the_crowd.jpg
holy shit AtlasB 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k8XFeCOuLs
yaah!
thats what we saw
have you been to an air show witz?
hm
a few smaller ones
we saw the blue angels
i missed the on with the stealth fighter in atlantic city
aw
that would be fun
Hello
i want to go to an antique airshow
that'd be the best
Has anyone been to a nascar race?
It's insane
I've never ever seen so many people in one place
you know whats really pathetic AtlasB ?
AtlasB: you know what i love about Mel Gibson?
the authentic languages
not some silly english dialogue
http://i.imgur.com/FwUKEJq.jpg?1
european trucks
My stepdad used to drag race and would take us but that's about it worldtraveller. really fun though
http://www.hankstruckpictures.com/pix/trucks/len_rogers/2007/04/renault-skat.jpg
sern yeh
I don't care if this thing has a million horsepower
did you watch apocalypto?
yup
its not majestic
did you liek?
http://i.imgur.com/U5IHh8H.jpg?1
scania
look at these fluffy little blunt nose baby trucks
lolol
scania trucks
huge company
theyre so cute
hey nspikeu
are you on rpw sub?
theyre the shih tzus of trucks
peterbilt is the german shepherd
Except mechanically they're better than American semis in every way
who cares
theyre not sexy
And they're just for hauling freight who cares
lol
im gonna buy the tanker truck from Mad Max
sexiest truck
no one will fuck with me
I want a t 34 tank
Nobody will fuck with me either
watch out witz, youll be attracted to robocop next
lol
there is a man who bought a T34
in America
if youre attracted to machines
lol
Robocop is awesome
or my boyfriend megatron
he satisfies my love of justice
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/434rmu/im_either_a_sex_obsessed_pervert_or_my_boyfriend/
not as much as Judge Dredd though
dont touch my megatron tho
you can have optimus prime
he turns into a truck
poor thing. 
hey dragoness
hola
heres your boyfriend witzie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBq3wZ5VK3Q
lol AtlasB 
my boyfriend turns into a gun
he gets upgraded later
turns into a plasma cannon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJWQBPZ1Ysg
SP is gonna start  to wonder why witzie keeps taking him to see every shitty Transformers sequels well into 2040
lol
the movies are so bad
so bad
cartoon is so much better
so fuck you
g1 only
and the g1 movie
lol
yes
with the saddest death scene  EVER
EVERRR
howdy everyone!
unicron
omgggg
when he turns grey
LOL
What does SP stand for?
i cry and cry
yes
exactly
so did i
my h showe dit to me
lmao
no explanation
SP?
i had no idea what was going on
and i was hysterical
worldtraveller: sex panther
PhantomDream WingN cathy_catherine ElfFey jade_cat kittenkajira little_red_ littlebee madscilove nspikeu Passerby6 pixiedelights practicewhatyou witzie anyone around?
Oh
Lol
AtlasB: he gives his spark away :'(
agony
many QQs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ULg4RSy5Y
I thought it meant Sexual Phenomenon ?
yeah, just lurking :) How's life Camille?
dragoness++
Hello!
lol
same here
hello !
Rodimus Prime is not nearly as bad ass as Optimus Prime
I kicking butt with work today.  ^.^
that's what the other movies are missing
hey camille!
lurking isnt fun for anyone!
yay kittenkajira 
haha no but everyoene was so quiet
nspikeu are you on rpw sub?
yes she is 
now I am all foggy
childhood nostalgia
QQ
but idk why you never talk nspikeu we do have a zero lurking policy so ill be kicking you if youre silent for an hour or more :P
i have to refamiliarize myself with everyone! 
who is cutting onions in here?
little_red_ we vet people now so everyone here is an active member on rpw
ooo ok
minus lifter's bf
also madscilove is from ppd but she is so great so shes allowed
lolol
aw, thanks 

also, hi!
also can we ffw in life so i can see if your hair is inches longer already?! lol
hi! 
how's it going?
hahaha 
the inversion method is actually really relaxing
inversion method ?
massage hair with oil for 4 mins then invert head for 4 mins
to promote hair growth
I wonder what cocaine feels like
im using castor oil but not heating it up before hand
im sure 90% of hte people in here have done it
ask
a lot of people say to but ive read reviews where people dont heat up the oil and some dont even use oil and they still had growth
awesome
i loved cocaine
best drug
we dont have a microwave so itd be too messy and/or too long to use any other method
doesnt fog your cognitive skills
makes you sharp
It makes you feel like you're literally god
talk politics all night
we used to call it "gettin' geopolitical after the bar closed
lets go get geopolitical
little_red_ my last day is sunday so its really soon!
me and ten guys doing lines and conquering the world
how much oil do you use?
lol
we dont really use the microwave often (mostly i just put food in there while im cooking if something is done before everyithing finishes) but to not have one at all
:X
microwaves are evil and bad for your food
you're on point about everything, you're hot, you're intelligent as fuck and can do anything
while their girlfriends moped in the othe rroom
or at least that's what I've been told
we have the stove, oven, and a toaster oven 
yah
i know! but for stuff like heating up the oil or making popcorn
we dont need a microwave at all 
i liek that it doesn tfuck you up
lol
i dont liek being fucke dup really
you can make popcorn on the stove
i know but im a shit and i dont want to
lol
I was club hopping with a group of friends recently in atlanta. 60 percent of them were on coke. I got kind of jealous
hahaha
madscilove i am not sure i havent officially measured maybe 2 teaspoons total
i lold pretty hard, in nov our microwave went out and the guy at the front office freaked out
maybe 2 tablespoons? ill be more scientific tonight
oh, cool. 
"oh well this is an emergency you cant cook anything let me put a rush order on this"
not too much then
you dont do drugs?
yeh clubs
nope not much at all!
which drug fucked you up the most AtlasB ?
*pat pat pat* on head. oh sweetheart
thats what cokes for
acid
castor oil is thick 
:O
hahaha
what's that like?
would it work with coconut oil ?
one time i took an emormous quantity of liquid acid
I used to do OCM on my face with a mix that was part castor oil. it is very thick!
a cigaratte paper soake din it
and a fingerful
oh my god
that spille don a bureau
the room was so slanted
people use all sorts of oils, ive seen peopel using olive oil, almond oil, grapeseed oil 
lol
Ive only done psychedelics, alcohol and extasy
i was walkign aroudn i remember
My hair seems to love almond oil.  I put some chocolate and vanilla essential oils in it so it smells yummy.  I use that as an overnight treatment sometimes.
demanding a level
My hair doesn't like jojoba or coconut oil - it gets all weird and crunchy
"I WANT A LEVEL! THIS IS NOT A HALLUCINATION! THIS ROOM IS A PARALLELOGRAM!:
i chose castor oil b/c of its blood stimulating properties jade_cat but i use coconut oil on a regular basis for my hair (and washing my face) 
i like olive oil for the ends of my hair
If you've done ecstasy you're halfway there worldtraveller 
i use avocado oil after i shampoo and condition
coke is so mild
its fun
and coconut oil during the week on teh ends
wears off
*the
havent tried avo oil
you take some tylenol pm and go to sleep
haha
its the best!
your acid story
nothing like buying tylenol pm at 7 11 at 4 am in club clothes
I'm too much of a pussy to do most drugs
im going to go downtown this weekend and pick up some spices so ill try to look for some oils while im out
nice kittenkajira re the treatment sounds yummy
want to try ocm again
from 14-17 i took acid every weekend
2-5 hits
ive been cleansing my face w/ coconut oil for a few months now i love it
how are you functioning?
It's actually a massage oil I made, but my hair likes it too!
lol
argan oil is my jam for moisturizer but i cant find a good ocm cleanser
To drop acid you need a good setting
i know its causes some people to break out but i havent had any issues
am i?
lol
it didn't make you a junkie?
I use Albolene for ocm now
acids not addictive
is that a lot of acid?
my face really likes it
really?
yes
thats a LOT of acid
i just feel like noting really gets the job done
I just bought avocado oil for the kitchen!  I haven't tried it on my body yet
a whole lot
im just rubbing oil on my face for the hell of it
Acid is awesome
my ex once ate a whole sheet
then end up using neutrogena wipes to clear my face 
lol
and trippe dfo r along time
i had an ex bf that wanted to travel the country and do drugs with me
in a van
I never felt clean with OCM until I started using a microfiber cloth to take the oil off after
we were gonna open a psychedelic pizza restaurant
with different shrooms
Pink clouds, everything morphs and moves anf changes colors
he wanted to do acid
I couldn't just rinse it off or use a tissue like some people say they do
ooooh the microfiber cloth is a great idea !
but i thought that would make it hard for him to study his classes :O
oil immediately make smy face break out
I've been using a flour sack towel - that seems to work good!
he did lots of other stuff though. shrooms, salvia? i think
i have some coconut oil cam but its just liek
a wax
when its at room temp
ooh, nice kittenkajira
and obv you dont heat yours up
how does that work
i didnt like shrooms
haha my husband went over my shoulder to see what i was doing on the computer. he read a bit of the convo but promply left. it's "too girly for him" haha
weed durr. ecstasy 
because im grosse dout by mushrooms
we broke up when i moved to dc
lol
oops
i wondr what my life would have been like haha
i should try putting oil in his hair too :D
i was very different pre DC :O
The most intense drug ive ever taken was dmt. Did ot 7 times
watching people on salvia is funny
https://www.reddit.com/r/togetheralone/comments/3zqg5e/24f_realized_i_will_forever_be_alone/
A cant stand growing his beard bc his face gets too dry
he said salvia fucked him up
yep i use microfiber cloths too madscilove!
i thikn thats why coconut oil doesnt break me out
im actually removing all of it vs people use use a cottonball
ive tried telling him to use my argan oil but he doesnt want to use any of my "girly voodoo shit"
lol
lol
yeah, you definitely need to get all the dirty oil off
my 31 year old friend is gonna do FA if he doesn't find his unicorn
HAHAHA little_red_ i think my husband will start using that expression
and yeah coconut oil is solid at room temperature...unless it's summer
in summer it totally melts here :(
my dad did dmt in the 60s
he always told me aout it
lol i remember when i was younger with my ex going to his cousins wedding we were in his car in south florida and i grabbed the chapstick we kept in his car, i opened it and it was completley liquid and it splurted all over my dress and immediately hardened in the AC. on my dark dress, this creamy white opaque stream of
-______________-
I knew this guy in art school who did a lot of dmt
and i get to meet his fam like this
he painted the most amazing hellscapes
probably from all the drugs
SP smoked a ton of salvia
LOL
luckily i was able to chip it off after i kicked the AC up to full gear and buff the sheen stain out a bit lol
but i was mortified haha
haha little_red_!
sidenote did everyone see my post today https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/436dqk/satire_how_to_communicate_your_needs_no_matter/
lol yes cam!
i have to find something funny for tomorrow 
did you manage to wash it off later little_red_ or was the dress ruined ?
yes Camille i read it, it's hilarious
no i was able to get it out :) though i wasnt able to save the dress that i laid on top  of the dryer once upon a time and the bleach bottle that was on the shelf above it leaked allll over it
oh boy yeah there's no coming back from that one
disintegrated the dress entirely :<
picked it up and it jsut fell apart in my hands
ouch
such is life!
dinkin flicka
haha
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/436fuz/just_for_fun_youve_been_assigned_to_develop_an/czg2kmt
Camille!
lol
On dmt you completely lose your mind and sanity
hahaha
that is such a fun discussion
i love what everyone is coming up with
yes! fun idea
and some funny responses
But it's worth it
"how to cut carrots"
i'd sign up my stepmother to that class
she managed to cut herself pretty bad when cutting carrots
:o
my father had to patch her up
hope shes alright
yeah, it hurt for a while but eventually it healed
some guy A's sister was dating's mom used to put shaved carrots in her spaghetti
blarck
i'd put carrots in the spaghetti sauce, not in the spaghetti per se o_O
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/436fuz/just_for_fun_youve_been_assigned_to_develop_an/czg2ne6
well now, bed time for me. good night everyone !
night jade
lol witzie 
working on my comment now
Lolol
ok mr is saying bedtime!
so what's up guys?
night ladies! :)
how's everyone's thursday going?
madscilove: you dirty asian
wat
i caught you talkin bout me
what were you sayin
?
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/436fuz/just_for_fun_youve_been_assigned_to_develop_an/czg2w1f
best so far
I dunno, you were talking to someone about being like me
or sounding like me
oh. 
lol
filozof ended an argument (that he was losing, thanks) by saying "so that's it I win and I'm going to bed"
that was very architect-esque
lool
you also like to declare yourself the winner
haha
only when I actually win though
:D
that's not possible because I always win
duh
i'm doing homework yay
:(
homework's lame
don't do it
almost as lame as madscilove 
who also shouldn't be done
EH OH
godnight little_red_!
this RPW school sounds fabulous
man latin is such a fun language to speak
german or gtfo
do you speak it with the authentic pronunciation? 
like where v sounds like W 
ja meng
Cave Canem =  "Kaw-way kaw-nem"
i want to sleeeeep omg
online classes fucking suck
yes witzie
i'm not a stupid catholic
i speak it as the romans did
SerNemesis++
Architect boooo
Architect: yaaaay
and i don't pronounce the m at the end
instead i pronounce the e as a nasal vowel
kawe kanE where E is nasalized e
ah thats right
okay someday when i'm rich i'm going to create a series like Game of Thrones
only it will be a historical epic series
with authentic history (and dramatic stuff filling in the gaps of written history)
and authentic speech with subtitles
Woman Discovers Husband, Father of Her Unborn Child, Is A Disgusting Internet Troll | The Mary Sue (http://www.themarysue.com/woman-discovers-husband-is-internet-troll/)
uh oh
hope nobody finds my account
I read that post when it was on r/relationships
me too
Lol
I guess reporting is just screenshotting reddit now
Is there something ironic 
pretty much witzie
About a sub devoted to making fun of rpw
Calling US catty
For Camille rok pics thread? 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/436fuz/just_for_fun_youve_been_assigned_to_develop_an/czg3fkf 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/436fuz/just_for_fun_youve_been_assigned_to_develop_an/czg2ne6
I lik ethis thread
kittenkajira i mentioned you in it :)
(you too WingN and PhantomDream)
nice Camille 
me too
oh man witzie i didnt see you comment
about brewing
didnt mean to write somethign so similar!
it's fine haha
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/436a5b/whats_the_most_pointless_argument_youve_been/czfuogn
lol, half of PPD in a nutshell 
"Did it end in hate-fucking?"
I have to say, I still don't understand this concept
yeah we'e never hate fucked
mad at eachother = not in the mood
meh, I've been there
I tried it once to see what all the fuss was about, and I almost bit a chunk out of someone's shoulder
it starts as "I'm really pissed at you but I'm also turned on" 
Haha, fun!
you're not literally ready to murder the other person though. just annoyed mostly
yeah
i am not putting my vulnerable bits into someone who hates me
it stops being hate-fucking or angry sex about 5 mins in
that's not a good move to ensure my reproductive success
maybe that works better with people who are lower dominance
I think someone might end up dead if we tried that
(lets be honest, probably me)
hate sex has lead to being thrown over the kitchen counter ... just sayin
why would i reward someone i am hating with sex? it doens't computer...
D:
dragoness
*compute
lol
you ever have an argument where you're not so much belligerent as you are pissed off at how utterly fucking retarded they're being?
never
it sounds scary!
no...
dragoness: I don't think so
gurl
I get full out ragey
How to land the perfect Captain with the Ruby Elixir and make all your dreams come true! (https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/433tkb/how_to_land_the_perfect_captain_with_the_ruby/)
or I don't fight
lol
lolol Sunhappy 
I don't think I have a middle setting
Is this what anything at rpw sounds like
Ever?
if i am really angry
The Ruby Elixir?
i just break down and start rage crying
Is that like purified red pill extract?
the stuff red pills are made of?
or just a euphemism for period blood?
if you snort it do you become alpha
If I'm really angry and allowed to express it, you don't want to be there 
lol
note to self: make Atlas angry one of those days
k. I just sneezed 9 times in a row, I think I'm dying
and then run away
How is this what we sound like to them? https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBluePill/comments/433tkb/how_to_land_the_perfect_captain_with_the_ruby/
make that 10x
pinch your nose
she's patient 0!
i diagnose you with lung-herpes
11
definitely lung herpes
not enough dead body hiding
hahaha
prof Wingnut, esq
my neighbors just had their apartment fumigated and I think they had really bad mites and gnats or some shit. I'm assuming I'm allergic to whatever is they've got going on over there
try closing your eyes
and pinching your nose!
Lol
at the very least it;ll distract you from sneezing
or better yet
growing up, we'd rage at my dad and he'd sit there stonefaced and silent
Just stop sneezing!
while watching wrestling undisturbed
i order you to stop sneezing pvt. dragoness
so i never processed raging at men to be productive
ty Carkudo, best advice ever 
so i just breakdown now
if it gets to that
yall are some dominant ladies
My dad was kinda like that Sunhappy
why not meditate Sunhappy?
for what
the anger
Sunhappy, do you just murder people now?
she poisons them
and tears always felt ineffective so rage crying didn't work for me either 
i don't think i have it in me to murder
frankly
would you help hide a body
I mean, if someone did that to me, I'd whack them with a shovel probably, if I got angry enough
sure, why not
and if I owned a shovel
dragoness: funny you say that
I've cried out of sheer frustration more than i've cried out of anger
i meant its funny because of the way it incorporates history but it its not good satire of rpw
did what?
i think men look at women crying in total confusion
that's my experience
"Please. You are making this too complicated for RPW. All you need to do is show off your tits and ass, and the alfalfa Captains will swarm to your feet like bees to honey. This is a 100% true scientific fact. Now, get out there and show off your tits, ladies! Make men feel like men again!"
well wtf are we supposed to do
that person really doesnt know what rpw is about!
they'll hug you or something, but they're still like "what the fuck do i doooooo"
we dont cry for the same reasons
my dad looks at a crying woman like its contagious and he wants nothing to do with it
y'all will cry if you're on your period and a puppy breaks its leg or something
the whole post is a bit cringey.
my stepdad would just stand there then give you money though 
"dont catch the feels!!"
it reminds me of a 10th grade "creative writing" piece
give you money to cry?
"I don't know why you're upset, but here's $200...."
my mom has never "cried" that i can remember
what is this, a porn shoot?
it's just not productive to her
dragoness> I've cried out of sheer frustration more than i've cried out of anger
she keeps all her feels inside
SP just acts really nice and hugs me
lol
oh god, rage crying is the WORST
YES
her mom died and she was like "well, she was old"
:(
but inside i know she was just broken about it. idk she's weird that way
emotions were fucked in my household
idk how i'm normal
i hate to break it to you Sunhappy
witzie what does SP NOT do perfectly?
haha yes!
??
oh my mom easily cried for at least half my entire childhood...straight 
for anything
witzie> SP just acts really nice and hugs me
aww :)
nope. DV, family deaths, job losses, poverty....mom never cried around us
Sunhappy: hmm 
sometimes he puts too much spice in the food
that monster
my mom thinks its weak
SMS++
yeah
for herself. she isn't like that for her kids though. :/
she encouraged us to feel shit
my sister hates spice...too bad she's indian
witzie SP drives me nuts hahaha
Sunhappy++
maybe she wanted you to have a better life Sunhappy
than hers
or at least a happier one
I"m mad now because some trashy whore in his art class is hitting on him 
but thats not his fault
well durr. she's a good mom. but it was unsettling that terrible shit would happen and she'd just move on
then turn to us and tell us "it's okay! let it out!"
in the same day
if we didn't have feels, she'd freak out
dad had no feels cuz "i'm a man"
Idk how you haven't massacred all those art school sluts by now witize. 
she desperately didn't want y'all to grow up like the parents
I'm proud of you :'D
idk maybe
SP goes to art school?
yeah SMS 
based on the example photos of how he may look, i'm not surprised
long hair, brooding looking
skinny
but then how will he get a job?
dragoness: it's tempting
yeah he looks like an artist
he looks like a starving artist
he looks like he plays guiatar
1: his parents are rich 
2: he' hot enough what does he need a job for?
argh, does anyone have an online/ebook copy of Surrendered Wife I can borrow? Mine is in a box somewhere and I'm due for a reread
SP is the kind of guy who brushes strands of hair out of witzie's face while playing music for her
or something random
yup
lolol
and there's a piano in the background
then she makes him giant meals full of calories she won't gain weight from
and some wine
"you're so beautiful when you cry"
omg
and dead art sluts on the mantle
hahaha
they're like a cheesy anime
lolol
do you chop off their heads and mount them?
I really do hate this art slut though
I might kill her
witzie is literally kagome screaming in the distance "inuyasha!!" every 5 minutes
oh lordy
(prompted by Cooch's post on read before you post)
that was such an emo romance
random wind blowing everywhere 
he asked her what she was drinking from her thermos in class
lol madscilove. "Dead Art Sluts on the Mantle" - a Slam Poem
and she said
slow motion zoom in shots of their faces
"vodka, I have daddy issues"
lol
THIS IS THE LEVEL OF WHORE IM DEALING WITH GUIZ
"spank me and i'll call you daddy"
that's a pretty high level whore
I added her on fb 
I work around sticky kids all day so I have plenty of gloves and plastic sheeting to spare witzie. 
she better knock off the funny business
the MPDG i've been chatting with has mommy AND daddy issues, guess what, she cheats around
but do you have hydroflouric acid
not sure
once again 
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/42zbzw/remorse_i_used_to_get_turned_on_as_a_kid_when_my/
I have sulfuric
might be a little HF around somewhere
sulfuric won't take out bones
afaik
this is the type of girl I imagine 
wait you're a chem-e
it'll fuck up her face well enough
don't need to kill her
just make her hopelessly deformed
witzie++
I like it when someone else voices the psychotic thoughts I've already had in the past...
I feel much more normal 
dragoness++
witzie: just make her hopelessly deformed <- honor killing/acid burn on face
is she a pretty sloot?
anyway she added SP on fb and messed him bullshit fangirling over his band 
SLOVENLY TRASHY LITTLE CONNIVING GRASPING WHORE
are you gonna check the bitch, witzie?
YES
my uncle married this Asian woman and her family couldn't stand it so one of her brothers got some acid 
witzie++
and threw it on HIM
wtf dragoness
look her in the eye and say "i see you bitch" with your face
dragoness: jeeeesus
her fb picture is her in a mini skirt SMS 
like, mini mini
oh wow that's maxisloot
less than an inch from seeing underwear mini
yeah, he was working at Microsoft so we all knew what the match was about but her family couldn't stand it anyway
jesus
so it's a cloth belt lol
i can't remember the last time i saw a facebook profile picture with a SKIRT
witzie: obviously you should find her home address and mail her threatening letters
lol yes
I friended her on fb
as always 
not sure what the plan is
what's with gfs befriending hte enemy on facebook?
yall crazy
put fb profile pic on picswap
so the bitch knows whats up thats whats up
so i may juddddddge
we need to see what they're up to
and make our presence known
I just befriend them IRL
Sunhappy++
i can see witzie calling AtlasB to make a hit
Sunhappy: what's with gfs befriending hte enemy on facebook? <- intelligence and data mining
lol, madscilove is the most diabolical of us all
SMS++
if need be, she'll even date the bicth
lol madscilove 
idk i'd just ask politely for her to leave us alone
you want to see if she has a relationship, who she chats with and how much, and how much of that time is spend on your man
lol..asking
it may work!!
dragoness: taking one for the team :3
"hey...um yeah hey excise me..can...can you please stop trying to fuck my man?"
it's better than hacking someone's social media
nah
ask politely and cary a big stick
that's what my bff here in dc did
she has all her bf's paswords, goes through semi regularly
checks his friend's list
deletes new bitches
and related messages
"hacking" = write down their password
no, she "learned" of all his passwords for gmail, facebook, etc
eww i would not just give out my passwords like that
he didn't tell her
and then she just did her thing
D:
she still does!
wow it occurs to me that I've never politely asked a girl to leave us alone
2 factor-auth bitches
I wonder if that works
she even has a best friend in boston who is her PI
D: D:
who looks people up if she needs more help
you wouldn't give your gf your passwords SMS ?
she's crazy
madscilove: how do you ask girls to leave you alone?
but sh'es mad cool. i'd just never date her
witzie: not all at once
i wouldn't give my gf my passwords
and there will probably be a few things i never give out any of my passwords too
Architect> madscilove: how do you ask girls to leave you alone?
and no its not my porn stash
well, we're talking about girls who are trying to creep on your man
I showed dragoness she can verify if slutty looking or not
call them the fuck out
R would never give me his passwords. but he also does classified work for the navy
he can't trust anyone with that stuff
so, I usually become her best friend
ok well thats a goodd reason
madscilove: wow insidious
Oooh show me witzie 
destroy her from within
madscilove: my friend idd that
but he was the other girls man hahaha
that she was creeping on
i want to see the slooty mcsloot too
women are weird
perfect I'm arranging a hit with dragoness help
she's such a bro
brofist
she looks like trampy Zoey Deschanel 
that is all
thats a short dress too isn't it
im really confused
jesus it's 1:14am
i hate grad school
what is dragoness doing
architect: taking care of a problem...
loading my gun
being a G
o_0
er...I mean, yeah, that
eliminating an issue Architect 
what issue
nothing seirous
^^
"it's handled" lololol
that
it's under control
hahaha
there was no issue it has been resolved
YES Sunhappy!!
oook
dragoness++
guess ill go back to my shiz
nope cakeforallofyou 
noooo
ive never even read it but im s ure you can torrent it
okay seriously, i need to sleep. the cleaning lady will be here in 6 hours
"A Legal Primer on How and Where to Hide the Bodies" a course by Professor /u/_wingnut_ , Esq how relevant
anyway, get this 
apparently she yacked his ears off 
she does have a boyfriend
goodnight yall
but how did they meet? 
ooh, how bourgeoisie 
bye sunhappy :)
such a romantic story
she and him were both dating other people
best of luck with the hoe, witzie
and made tinder acounts "for fun"
by her slooting it with him and he stuck around and was cute enough
claaaaassy
and cheated and got with eachother
what a tramp!!!!
so yeah
witzie please stop
totally consoles me that she "has a boyfriend"
-_-
wtf did she really give out that story
what a snakey bitch. you gotta take her out
what'd I miss?
she's implying
that specific type of girl is actually a HUGE sore spot for me
"we should cheat together"
this is a code red madscilove 
CODE RED
dragoness, how's the sneezing?
like I'm legit ready to take her out
that's like defcon zero
is SP doing that man thing where he's like "nah, she's not into me. she's just friendly!"
why haven't you read it?
lol
lol i've done that
I will have a look i guess!
<Carkudo> dragoness, how's the sneezing? 
better but my nose hurts from pinching 
SMS: you all do that
in all honesty - I trust SP 100% 
lol
pinch your earlobes
I just don't trust these hoes
lol mads
for real
and this hoe in particular
it's usually because they really don't see it
yeah we love the attention we don't get it so blatantly that often
yeah madscilove 
SP doesn't see it
he's really innocent
i doubt it
duh
they can't see it because they don't think like we do
relationships
and he really is loyal to a fault, I don't distrust him at all 
dragoness> they can't see it because they don't think like we do
but I don't trust these scanks
bingo!
even the most "innocent" of us would know the seal
*deal
dragoness++
yeah best not to test temptation
I know women
and their conniving, man stealing ways
women are evil
ive just neverhad the need
don't trust em
well yes, women know what women can do
keep your dirty little paws off my man!
you can't "steal" a man 
um
um
To be honest madscilove I usually  never notice haha.
shesahomewrecker.com
can you stel homebase
lolol
I would kill women for that if I could getaway with it 
I fucking love that site
a man can just be a cheating asshole, imo
right AtlasB ?
Atlasb++++++++
I really would
Carkudo: sure, he's at fault too
well, you're technically correct anyway, carkudo
but I don't want to murder him
Right
damn right I am, I'm always correct!
its not a logical response
I wouldn't kill him for cheating 
Just her
yep
you have no ties to the other woman
The flesh is weak
I guess that's evopsych for you
logically I know she did nothing wrong
Why deprive myself if him?
to clarify, SP hasn't done anything wrong and never will I really do trust him 100%
logically you should hate the guy for cheating and not her
Animals can take away another's mate
but emotionally fuck that bitch
but she's fucking with something that's mine
for sure witzie 
In humans it's the mate that chooses to go away
But the instict is to attack the taker, not the mate
Another person can entice them
Or not 
everyone loves it though so its great tha tsuch a book exists!
SMS yep
You can entice someone by being attractive
But it's still a choice to act on the attraction
I don't want to kill girls who are just standing there being attractive
Tbh, unless you're dealing with a philanderer/serial cheater, most people will ALWAYS blame the OP
and as a guy i know 50% when i'm responding to flirting to make my woman more protective/antsy over me
(other party)
but the ones who TRY to steal him away
in front of you
fuck those people
yeah 
right, that too
and play like they're not doing anything
like bitch Im female I KNOW what youre doing
Yeah, I liked it. It wasn't hugely revelatory but it is interesting & a good refresher
females come with an availability aura
hot chick + no availability = w/e
the other one I'm looking forward to unpacking from wherever-it-is is Love & Respect.
<dragoness> Tbh, unless you're dealing with a philanderer/serial cheater, most people will ALWAYS blame the OP <- because OP is a fag, no exceptions. Haven't you been on 4chan?
ok chick + slootability = fuck that skank
4chan is the fag now
cuckchan indeed
fortunately no, carkudo
do men like their women being posessive?
Youth these days don't know their internets
yeah yeah
http://shesahomewrecker.com/paris-young-augusta-maine/ <- lol its basically skank.jpg
to reasonable levels obviously
right
I do witzie I think it is cute 
I think they like it as long as it's not making their lives harder
thats what SP says BeyondTheLight 
witzie: yes a small bit
yeah madscilove  
Means that she loves you enough yo go crazy
it's not like I distrust him 
not "i'll go crazy if you go out levels"
I've never known a guy to not like when a girl showed a little bit of possessiveness/ownership 
To*
I think it would get annoying when it's into actual annoying jealous levels
where you're accusing him of shit
not to where she's like, demanding he not have poker nights or whatever but still
yeah
oh man, so a friend of mine just got out of a relationship. She's, well...rp in some ways but not others
its flattering
don't women like their man being a bit posessive?
I thought her partner was quite alpha!
yeah
but no.
I don't, really
ideally the possessiveness should manifest as her getting angry at others, not at him
I think it demonstrates that she thinks you have value 
or he, whatever 
a) they didn't have sex for 2 YEARS (against his wishes) and they stayed together
its like an active display of interest
yeah dragoness 
me acting like all the women in class want his hot bod is kind of flattering to him when you think about it
its a one-sided demonstration of interest
b) after they broke up, he fell apart and was so beta and pleady and kept trying to get her to pay attention to him. Totally desperate!
yup
because it's a real sad day when a woman is blatantly trying to fuck you and your monogamous SO is like "yeah...whatever"
just goes to show, it's hard to judge from the outside.
hence he shall remain "innocent"
even if it's in the context of "those skanks are eyeing my man UGH"
"ima put a brick through their faces"
lol
But going batshit insane is cute too, but just functionally impossible to deal with
yup
mentally, I'm very possessive, jealous and suspicious but I kept my outward expressions of that to an absolute minimum 
we love a good catfight over us
but IRL thats a pain
Because at the point where normal functioning becomes impaired it is shit
Yeah, sometimes I feel I'd be real possessive in a relationship too
like I've been in situations where I've wanted to claw out the eyes of an overly friendly barista 
but I didnt like....make that known
dragoness, in such situations, pinch your nose
those barista and bartenders that are super friendly
lolol Carkudo
and you don't know if they're flirting with you
i ran into one today
dragoness: dating a barista isn't much better
they flirt with everyone!
yeah i'm pretty sure
for real madscilove, I've been one!!
oh. yeah, as a former barista, we do
so i won't overtly flirt back
it's how we make tips
^^
do baristas really flirt with everyone?
I'm not intrested in you, I just want yo' moneyyy
Carkudo: yes
oh wow!
...why?
it's how I make tip money
service industry if they have the energy they do
ooooh
tips
but I never did it with men who came in with women
yeah you never really know what someone else's realtonship is like
especially extro sloots
rude!
dragoness: yeah, that's how you LOSE tip money
That's stupid
dragoness is a team player
I prefer the way it is in Russia
then I'd just be super nice to the woman and probably flirt with her
no one likes the u.s. tipping system
If someone in the service industry flirts with you, that's 100% indication that they really fucking want you
a little anyway 
SMS: I do
when I'm getting money
lol
tips at this new job are sweet
yeah but what if you had a guaranteed stream of income to replace it?
tipping is dumb
man I'm so #teamwoman until it comes to the women around SP 
there is something appealing about tax free cash, SMS
I guess thats the one exception
lol
good point madscilove
extenuating circumstances
oh right, you guys do your own taxes
and tips are exempt?
nothing beats #teamme
Carkudo: not officially
we're supposed to report it
#teamwoman until someone on that team tries to take your man
but....
but no one does
makes sense 
you're a dumbass if you do
oic
yeah
no one does
dragoness++
so like me and all those freelance jobs I do
who the fuck would report that!?
I was horrified at the 2 years comment
lol witz
but she says they were happy
if you do a LOT of freelancing say its your sole income you better report it
but if you do a few sidegigs
"whoopsie"
and he was so keen to get back together when she broke it off
Well I got a tax claim once
serious oneitis i guess
I'm not a fan of tipping even though I've worked in service because I've had way more jobs outside of service that damn well should've deserved a tip but it wasn't allowed 
It amounted to something like "You have three years to pay us $5 or we're taking this to court"
Much less scary than I thought
I love working places that tips out the kitchen
i swear i should get a tip if i do tech support its not even my job
you try working at a fucking toy store during the holidays!?!?!?!
I don't have to deal with customers AND I get their money
dragoness: oh god
but if its for someone who's not family/close friend i just dont bother now
like....
dragoness, fucking kids...
in a wealthy neighborhood at that
fucking spoiled kids...
poor people tip well from what i hear
making coffee or serve omelettes was WAAYYYY less stresssful 
and black people tip the least
yeah
Speaking of toys, I've been wanting a Star Wars-themed Lego set ever since I saw the new movie
so get one
but then we have a lot of black people that OVER tip to break the stereotype
which is sad, imo
lol really?
BUT THERE ARE NO GOOD ONES
get an older one for the other star wars movies
motherfucking lego death star
like middle class blacks will tip bad service just to avoid being seen as "one of them"
SMS, I want one from the original trilogy yes
lego x-wing
But the current ones are all kinda meh
lego millenium falcon
Oh yeah, the Falcon
those all are worth like hundreds of dollars though
Haven't seen it though
if you put your money into lego sets instead of stocks
you would make more money
An AT-AT would be fucking nice, but I haven't seen it anywhere either
there is an AT-AT set
There are several
different sized ones, from mini to pew pew
Theyre apparently just not sold here
so go online and order
Here as in in Russia
do they not ship to russiastan?
I'm not paying a US price for that shit
well what do you want? ruble is mad depressed
you get relatively cheap steam games
I want Russians stores to carry good sets, not that "buildable figure" bullshit
he could not possibly have been happy in a DB situation for 2 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxUdFQ6N_OI
buildable figure = cheaper generic
this girl is so hot
come to a Toys R Us here an gave upon ye might Legos
new X wing?
Shuttle
no shuttle definitely wont fetch as much
there is a new model class X wing
i dunno about *those* photos, but my lambo looks awesome in person, not just on the box
to replace the old one
it wasn't a pew pew thing that did cool stuff
and it rolls, and the doors do come open
can it give a blowjob?
there's probably a lego set for that
a man can dream, Carkudo 
okay google time
http://culturalmarxism.net/porn-star-offers-blowjob-in-eexchange-for-lego-creation/
jackpot
this is what i gave my friend that prompted him to gift me with a lambo: http://www.amazon.com/LEGO-Technic-42009-Mobile-Crane/dp/B00E3OPSJM
was about 80-90 USD about acouple yrs ago i think
decent growth
it's yellow
https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/
I love how bland and retarded that sub is
that's what i said, a yellow truck. but i was wrong about it being over 300 USD now. i misread
https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/434sm8/my_roommate_looked_cute_yesterday/
10:50 PM <fiat> i bought my friend, a lego fan, a big yellow truck for over 100 USD now it's like over 300 or something 
https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/4369hy/im_going_to_be_a_22_year_old_virgin_in_a_few_days/ - oh boy
ever since they started banning users who had ever posted to any sub they didn't like it's gone to shit. YAY! There's a reason why r/confession wins
wow, 22 and a virgin. how awful............
dragoness, let me guess, the redpill sub is on the list but srs isn't?
lol yep
that and TiA
Yup lol
lol
And everyone keeps lamenting how reddit is rampantly sexist
we get a hundred messages a day asking whether we knew if OMC was banning our members for nothing
it's fucking demented 
the yellow rose or wtf ever is the most disgusting person on reddit
That's reddit politics for ya
well, her and 'yellowmix'
dragoness> the yellow rose or wtf ever is the most disgusting person on reddit
am I supposed to know who this is??
:/
like how pathetic are you to have a bot that BANS people just because they ever participated in a sub you don't like???
I never understood the mentality of this type of moderator
they're mods of r/OffMyChest Architect
OMC was taken over by SRS  maybe a year an a half ago
yeah
there is a new OMC
Do they literally get off on having "power" on a random internet forum?
but I don't think it's used
true OMC of something I think
 /r/TrueOffMyChest
confessions is where everybody ran
yes
Is there any place that SRS hasn't taken over?
<Carkudo> Do they literally get off on having "power" on a random internet forum?
yes
They're fucking everywhere
I actually respect SRS's ability to quite literally just pirate subreddits
How do they do it?
they get someone to be mod, or someone who likes them to be mod
I mean, I understand how it goes once they have an inside person on the mod team
But how do they get to that stage
elimate all the lower mods, and replace them
wait till they can get high mod position
yeah, I know that routine
Im not sure. There are people on reddit who are SJW who mod everything
they're doing it with r/foreveralone right about now
like TakeItToTheCircleJerk
mods about 150 subreddits
im quite  certain he does absolutely nothing
but he's famous in gender subs
jesus
most subreddits don't have a dynasty
mods just come and go
so if you keep your head down, eventually you'll be a top level mod
Architect...........
did you finish MaM yet!????
oh yea. Ill do that after this game
(yes, I'll be inquiring daily, btw_
:D
i hate making adult decisions
 <Carkudo> Do they literally get off on having "power" on a random internet forum?
.tell dragoness antidepressants
Lol they are internet reddit nerdss
That is basically all the power they will ever have
Better relish in it
lol, ty madscilove
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/437hn9/a_hypothetical_question/czg5y87
I had to go and find my own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WcWHZc8s2I
dragoness: im going to get food then im watching ep 3 for you
this bette rbe worth it
or im quitting again
FUCCCK
good thing its totally worth it then...
I really wish you'd follow through though. Im dying for your opinion 
Lol SerNemesis he probably killed 2 chickens at best
that makes sense SMS
actually yea
I just like watching them antagonize people who aren't me
I also hate sassiness
so that doens't help
dragoness: is like the only sassy chick I like
my last girlfriend was super sassy, she got fall-down drunk and picked fights with people in bars almost every night
and this other girl from work actually
madscilove: how is she not dead?
cause girl
she's cute and little and sexy
what do you mean threatened by her?
I mean, I thought she was trying to steal F
and also that she was prettier and more interesting than me
#insecurities
wait
now im confused
you were already with F when you dated this girl?
yeah
how long ago was this?
I met her probably two years ago
and we dated casually for about a year
so
why were you concerned about her stealing him if you were all poly?
right AtlasB 
but i'm surprised
clinton doing well in polk county 
Sure but I think Hillary is considered smug/overly confident by Bernie supporters. If she wants us to support her if he loses, she needs to not lean into that stereotype. 
everything suggests the remaining precincts lean sanders
i can taccess that site
54-46 
there's only 5 more delegates though
those are delegates of delegates you guys are talking about
projected
that will happen later at the state convention
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/elections/2016/primary-caucus-results/iowa
nobody cares about that
20-19
last time around ron paul won the most delegates
but by that time the media had already delcared santorum the winner
because santorum and romney won the most delegates in the first round
0.5
Bernie lost :(
yeah 0.5%
so close
not yet rick1
I think b0rk will keep the bot up
0.5% behind with 13% yet to report
theres only 5 left 
so the best it could be is a tie
and taxes are done yay!!
Think sanders will win in NH?
yes
0.4 haha
this is glorious
yay PPDBot !
hi rajocedofr , are you a RPW?
0.6% for me now
if i was a bernie psychofan i would be shitting and pissing my pants right now
0.4% for my mom
this is all over the place
19:43:16 <@drok> Think sanders will win in NH?
without a doubt
Hillary dropped to 49.9
Would o malley supporters support Hillary or sanders if he dropped out?
unless he totally self-destructs in the debate that thye just agreed on
i think it's 60-40 for sanders drok
0.4% again for me
Same SEr
facebook is saying cruz won
he did
99% in
dang
i'm oddly disappointed
someone on cnn said trump didn't expect first place in iowa 
What does that mean for the rest of the republicans?
the main story is rubio outperforming expectations 
yeah cruz won
yeah Frensel 
trump was kinda hurt by the recent polls though
it increased media expectations
he wasn't planning on 1st here
0.3%
!!!!!
Shit .3%
Hey rick1 how long have you been lurking PPD?
Ha! Jinx! 
rajocedofr?
on and off for a couple weeks
0.2!!!!!!!!
fuckfuckfuck
How did you find it?
OH MY GOD
he will win this
holy shit yeah
The sub I mean
HE WILL
bot's back!
yay!
BERNIE SANDERS IS A GOD ON EARTH
.clones rick1
i didnt go looking for this sub if thats what you mean
rick1: I mean the subreddit
?
Like the purple pill debate on Reddit
shut up bot
How did you come across it?
watch hilary clinton be a cunt and pull a Defiance or something lol
Most people have a story
i'm going to have to fix that
I FEEL THE BERN 
.relaod
.2%
.reload
Oh wait we already celebrated that 
I got overexcited
wow trumps' family is so hot
he is so ugly though
<rick1> i didnt go looking for this sub if thats what you mean
filozof / missmaude, have you  two collected your reddit gold for your sanders pandering
sure, few people do rick1
but what's your...idk, origin story?
im bored and have no one to talk to. ok?
I don't even know what that means!! 
rick1: no like how did you come across purple pill on the website called Reddit
yeah we need to know
no deflecting
Did you come from the blue pill? The red pill? r/relationships?
mom's shows 0.3% again
Shhh SerNemesis
We get it elections
SORRY. 
3 votes apart
BERNIE SANDERS WILL WIN THIS
HE WILL WIN AMERICA
still showing 0.2% for me
rick1:
<rick1> im bored and have no one to talk to. ok?
apparently a lot of trump supporters didn't know where to go to caucus
i feel any answer i give you isnt going to be good enough anyway lol
lol
I'm not asking why you're *here* right now
rick1: well, you're not giving any answer right now
I'm just asking how you found PPD
right
You could say anything really
there is no "good enough" answer
ive been interrogated non stop since i arrived
it's what we do
Uhhhh yeah
what difference does it honestly make
lol i thought people were going easy on you
You wanted to talk to people
This is talking
To people
you can see this is a very small community 
compared to the usual grilling
 <rick1> ive been interrogated non stop since i arrived
that's not true at all
0.4% :(
SerNemesis is right. we are usually way worse and would have kicked you by now
lol sern
yeah
just tell us how you came here, is it that difficult?
.reload
So anyway rick1 you like call of duty?
i already told you before
I don't recall
you obviously think im up to no good or something
Rick, do you have dog? 
why are you being so cagey?
nica's mom got me CoD
no, we're just curious 
and won't just answer a simple question
it's about to cut into my battlefront time
it's not like we're going to bite you if we don't like the answer
right, there actually IS no right answer
hahah where did you hear that SerNemesis
I got the story in PM. something about a stalker
about trump supporters
Lolwhat?
NBC fiat
huh?
that... really still doesn't answer the question rick1
who pmed you that?
its pretty easy to just answer the question "how did you come here?"
He said the side bar
I already told you.
.quote add 12:55:10 <Jack4ss> havent said hello yet 12:55:21 <Jack4ss> but im playing the long game
But won't answer how he came across PPD on Reddit
ok, but you can give more of a story
back to 0.3%
i honestly dont remember.
but thats not good enough answer
you don't remember who told you that?
no, he doesnt remember how he came on ppd
which is possible
I see
no i dont remember how i found the reddit(s)
just ask him to make a Q account :p
yeah he isnt authed
rick1: the main bad thing about your answers is how bad you think they are 
meeb whats up with server central
but that wouldnt change much
I think that was the issue with the bot
are you part of tbp rick1?
I don't post, so no.
do you read it?
drok: heavy ddos
use another server for now
oh
you're blue pill, so I assumed you found ppd from there
yeh I'm using b0rk
my estimation book came
my laptop is working
I found out about my family
and my cousin isn't dying
rick1: could you post some sort of a verification pic?
its a good weekend
rick1 register with Q
send me a message from your reddit account
man i need to phonebank like crazy for nevada
a win in nevada would be quite the steal
why nevada?
how is he doing there?
how do i do that drok? i am using webchat
have you phonebanked?
we don't have any recent polls
i haven't phonebanked yet
the instructions are in the topic
ok
he was behind like 15-20% a month or two ago
but the publicity boost after this should help
oook
steady at 0.4%
yup back to 0.4
reportedly some ties were decided by coin tosses
maybe thats how this will end
currently they're at like 5 delegate difference
so it's possible in the end the winner may have been decided by a coin toss
i didnt do something right
did you find the instructions ?
Ser, are you serious?
damn bot, so aggro 
rubio/trump placement still not decided 
yes serious MissMaude 
Good god. 
the democratic party rules state that ties should be decided by a coin toss
That's bananas
oh god clinton ahead by 0.8%
:(
fuck fuck fuck
it's all over
not really
that's like 10 delegate difference
there are still 140 delegates to go
Who won?
Who's the new president?
lol
i have to leave irc again
i love you guys <3
why? :(
what
what's wrong?
we love you sweetle <3 you just got back
Why?
blowing cruz won republicans
NOOOOO
clinton is ever so slightly ahead in iowa
*amongst democrats
he won't leave me alone, even if i use a manly name he spies on me and figured out who i am
can't you 'mericans bring Bill Clinton back?  We liked him.
NSFW https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/iXx4wF9t/IMG_1773.JPG
Is that who Rick was?
sweetle: ?
not that i know of
Why you have to leave?
they didn't pm me, but a bunch of other names are 
does losing the Iowa Caucus always spell disaster?
Never
who liked that toad?
idk ignore feature doesnt work, he starts inviting me into chat rooms, repeatedly, and pming me repeatedly from one name after another AtlasB 
Its been non predictive last 3 times
Ignore the pms
and fking spying on me or waiting to write long nasty paragraphs and embarass me
Christ
in rooms 
I texted H he swears Rick isn't him
Ignore anyone who PMs you if you don't recognize their username.
he's on as crisco, mtb123, rajocedofr, idk what else
sweetle: what rooms??
crap, that's who mtb123 was in the bp room
I assumed someone else knew him
ppdminecraft and females
and was in redpillwomen
bleh sorry guys 
I kicked him from RPW.
I kicked mtb from TBP
He's still on as crisco?
I'll kick him again.
And tear him a new one.
how is he able to have mulitple screen names on the same IP address?
that's creepy as fuck
i don't know, he just figured my name and started pmin me so my mama got involved but as long as he knows my name he can pm then see everything i do like where i go on irc and when i sign on/off or change my name lol
I guess there is no way to block his IP address?
so i cant even change it to hide i'd have to delete the account, again..for like the billionth time
sorry to distrupt chat guys
fk
If you ignore him enough...idk him but I feel like he would have to be pretty psychotic to continue
and it is possible the intimidation also makes his attempts feel validated
right
can you make a bunch of decoy names to split his attention?
so just pretend he doesn't exist
idk
so he found out its you again?
how?
i will just have to go back to private rooms
is there no way to stop this?
:(
legally?
either he's spying in here or idfk
I'm sorry sweetle
Anyone in here that y'all don't recognize?
i already have a no contact order sooo...he doesn't care
No
who the hell is "blowing"??
lol
Its the other rooms
tell me though, how does someone so unattractive win at presidenting
Suck it
lol
Lol
Ppdminecraft should be deleted
ignore function works wonders if used properly.
He keeps switching names
he has never lifted in his lillipad sitting flyeating life.
.clones ajocedofr
0.7%
.clones rajocedofr
clinton will probably win by a few delegates
far as i know, there isn't an upper limit to the number of names one can ignore.
I feel like I could beat him to death and not care
back to 0.8%
11:34 PM <Lonny_Z> he has never lifted in his lillipad sitting flyeating life.
Lol
so fucking close
why you piss off the bot aZombieKitten 
`/msg Q PERMBAN #redpillwomen rajocedofr!*@*`
i wonder if rick1 was the husband
he looked suspicious
who's husband?
i have tried the ignore feature, the only auth names can pm me, amking new names, stop chatting for weeks at a time, etc.
https://www.idpcaucuses.com/#/state
what the fuck
0.2
SerNemesis: 
0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2
wow
must have been a college precinct
ZERO
POINT
TWO
.ban rajocedofr
I DONT KNOW WHAT I WILL DO IF SANDERS WINS
.help
maybe ill finally visit a prostitute
sex?
.help
lol
I'm happy for u filozof but why do you as a polish person care
because i need joy in my life
No matter what
Visit the prostitute
most of the good sanders precincts have reported in though
it's basically going to be a tossup
.quote add 20:37:05 <filozof> I DONT KNOW WHAT I WILL DO IF SANDERS WINS 20:37:15 <filozof> maybe ill finally visit a prostitute
I'm putting SerNemesis on ignore til after the caucuses
lol blowing
I just deleted that
.karma
I killed it
I'm trying to fix a bug
yeah i asked it where blowing touched it
Show us on the doll where she touched you ppdbot
.help
Bernie "Reggie Miller" Sanders
.quote
Lol
.quote
.quote
filozof: who won
AMERICA WON
.quote
lol
<3!
.quote
.quote
lol...... o.o
0.3%
im back. Hai
0.4%
Is bekazzled in here?
6% to go
looks like clinton will win this ever so slightly
Shit I forgot to put SerNemesis on ignore
Ahhhh
aww blowing
Done
i'll post some usda primes
:(
Does bekazzled come here?
lollll blowing <3
jeeesus 0.3
does anyone know if polk county should go sanders
its a big county, a city
so shouldnt he win?
how many total delegates filozof
polk county was supposed to go to sanders but it seems to be leaning clinton
i dont know
BACK TO 0.2
GO BERNIE
THIS IS MY MESSAGE TO BERNIE SANDERS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9A7K-CwKA0
trump got second place
Invite bekazzled blowing
0.2 with 95%
yeah
75 precincts to go and he has to make up a 3 delegate lead that clinton has
where are you getting the 3 delegate lead?
just estimating
1611 reports in
though actually there should be multiple delegates per precinct
so i could be off
i dunno
0.3 again
I actually enjoyed that Samantha Fox song filozof 
the clinton precinct captain took a shortcut in one of hte precincts
was caught on camera by cspan
hopefully it didn't make the difference there
clinton was ahead by 8 votes after the sanders people did a recount and found that aside from their new o'malley supporters 3 people had left
while the clinton captain didn't do a full count of the clinton side
she just added the o'malley converts and assumed no one left
yeah filozof 0.3 again
it's still possible
I can hear Trump screaming "Second place is just the first place loser" into the void
https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalDiscussion/comments/43skxf/tonights_real_winner_is_jim_gilmore_his_12_votes/
hahah
0.3%
97% reporting in now
and the sanders win is elusive
this feels like the USA Belgium game
Oops, that nap was longer than I intended
Link to site again pls
the CBS link, atlasb?
Yes pls
Drag do you think these are cute
http://i5.walmartimages.com/dfw/dce07b8c-fcce/k2-_fb6a5f5f-7674-4b9c-ac98-0ad306288a58.v1.jpg
lol lo_andbehold 
they break
don't buy them
(only speaking from experience with other Wal-mart plates with a different colorway, but the same shape)
H will crush them
with his might testosterone formed hands
My book came! "Before your pregnancy: A 90 day guide for couples on how to prepare for a healthy conception"
0.2% with 98% reporting in
CBS live AtlasB?
i'd buy those plates/cups
those are sick plates and cups
especially in black
0.2
this is my link https://www.idpcaucuses.com/#/state
I think they're cute right arch?
I bought them
Tx filo
imma sleep soon
I hope the white designs are a bit more goldy than they appear in this pic
and hope the final results are in tomorrow morning
white would be ok still though
C-span caught one of the clinton precinct captains on camera fudging the count: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXOPuFQkve4
instead of adding up everyone on the clinton side she just added the new converts to the previous clinton supporters
even though some of the clinton supporters could have left
how dare I choose what to do with my life
whaaa
Mashakos thats a good idea
everything he did to her could be legally described as rape
especially if she got tested with  rape kit
and he's a redpiller?
she wants to forget the whole thing but I will make sure he gets banned from fetlife
what did he do?
good Mashakos
he played it by the book: fake dominance, amused mastery, dread game
he used those techniques with the goal being to take advantage of her
he completely neglected her, she is a mess 
FUCKER!@
from what she has told me the whole bdsm scene in Toronto connects via fetlife, he will be flagged as a predator in every social gathering once I'm done
yeah I have friends in the bdsm scene here 
and it also connects via fetlife
so yeah if you are a predator
subs find out really soon
and then you become persona non grata in the clubs too
how do you define a predator?
they normally have sharp teeeth
Jack4ss++
filozof: someone who is irresponsible and does not take into account the woman's safety
a predator in the BDSM community is someone who will not respect a subs boundaries
so they just basically do what they want
ignore the safe word
dont give proper aftercare
that sort ofthing
there was one the community near me ran into
who just ignored hard nos
he cut a woman who explicitly said
no blood play
welp
happy times in BDSM
yep
this guy did respect safe words so it's not just stopping at limits. For example, he did something to her (spare you the details) until she threw up, got a rag, rubbed her dry and kept going.
and then no after care
sheesh!
he threw her out on the street right after. It was midnight.
I dunno
"why should I care how you get home?"
damn
this fucker is going to be incel for a long time
He tried to be full Alpha
he read too much about being "Dark Triad"
her friends are badgering her to hit him with a rape charge, she is a decent enough person not to want to ruin his life
who the fuck actually wants to be dark triad. lol
even illimitableMan, the guy who keeps writing about that shit says he doesn't want to be that way
It's power-fantasy
yep
I can see how it can be very attractive to someone who feels powerless
What they don't understand though is that many dark triad people are powerless
yep
it's an anger fueled power trip
they dont RMBP
they watch American Psycho and think they need to be that guy
We had people who were full on dark triad and managed to have an impact
there are elements of it that are useful for normal ppl like us. In the Kevin Dutton way of speaking
Charles manson
but really what did the man do?
e.g. not letting "feeling sorry" for people get in the way of making the right decision
e.g.like Mashakos's friend somehow "feeling sorry" for a guy that tossed her onto the street
yeah fiat
that's true
Feeling sorry is problematic
But so is not being able to feel sorry
also true
RedManBearPig: yeah; no one really denies that there are some useful aspects of each. the question is whether it's wortwhile or even possible to go full DT
You can't go full DT
afaik psychopathy is neurological, not just decision
yeah I dont think yoj can unless you are born that way
It's purely neurological
Yes you can fall deeper into the DT hole if you already possess DT traits
no psycho-neurological. A lot of DT people had a bad youth
Certain DT aspects correlate with bad environment of nurturing during the young years
ok
Like physical, emotional and sexual abuse
yeah I can see how those woudl affect that
Can play a role in DT development
The thing is you already possess some of the traits when you are born
and it just develops from that point
You can't really force yourself to develop something that wasn't already inside
So you cannot go full DT
And if you are full DT you are probably in prison right now or in prison for mental people
or heading to prison when they finally catch your serial killing ass
DT people aren't always serial killers
a friend of mine recently helped put a serial killer behind bars
my friend is a forensic technician
he does dna stuff
or suffering from "middle school 2nd year syndrome"
and had to go to court
and testify and stuff
most of them are rapists, murderers, low key drug suppliers and robbers
cool susan
yeah it is pretty cool
real life csi
right some people diagnosed as borderline psychopaths recognize it and deal with it. James Fallon is a neuroscientist who claims to be one
he has to do things that are natural for normal people
consciously
like consciously letting things go, so he's not perpetually angry at slights
Right
And there aren't many people like him out there
I would guess that there are a lot of psychopaths in the medical fields. It's perfect for them.
law as well
medical not so much, law yes.
surgery, definitely
and high end business
no
CEOS
Right susan
or CFOS
CFO's
what are your reasons for thinking that psychopaths do not gravitate towards surgical specialisations RedManBearPig ?
i've actually heard that stereotype before
that surgeons have higher representation of psychopaths
not sure how true it is, but the stereotype exists 
it doesn't line up
surgoens I can belive
heart surgoens and brain surgeons
if you assume dark triad
as far as leaders go, I think there's also a separate correlation that people see
who think they are basically gods
*also*
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/Jq7ydBJB/
very narccissitc
that people in higher positions work with more people
makes them prone to seeming insensitive to the needs of specific individuals
it lines up perfectly
Narcissism is one thing
because they need to think "bigger picture"
surgeons have a very high social status
.context
Uncommon for psychopaths
they are not questioned in their field, unless they mess up
high risk profession
high risk?
malpractice
yeah, you hold someone's life in your hands. A lot of people wouldn't be able to handle that
psychopaths can
Honest reactions to M2F partner's SRS (https://www.reddit.com/r/mypartneristrans/comments/43k832/honest_reactions_to_m2f_partners_srs/)    yikes
cardiac and neurosurgeons especially
You but a true psychopath would go "fuck it" half-way through a surgery
No
If I have to consciously let things go like James Fallon, does that make me a psychopath or AWALT?
don't disregard how incredibly impulsive these people are
Thats not what psychopaths and sociopaths are like 
I think there are degrees RMBP
like its not 33% of each thing that makes you DT
but some degree of each
maybe people who are surgeons or CEOS are more narcissitic and machiavellian
and less psycho
Lack of impulse control is bipolar
Its about psychopathic detachment 
it's also typical for sociopaths who are locked up
it's not just that blowing. Every one of us might have quirks here and there that make us seem psychopathic. That guy was supposedly tested
on more than one metric
i was giving just one example where he'd consciously control psychopathic *tendencies*
I am super high DT with high fto and low impulsivity out of extreme selfishness and self preservation 
Psychology doesn't even understand it's own bullshit it males up
Makes
Lol
Psychology focuses on how someone is dysfunctional in a societal context.
I'm being cheeky fiat
lol yes, a lot of things are contradictory
why does it matter who is leading the democrats
and republicans etc
when there is only one president
.ping morning boring broads 
Congress
If you want to categorize a surgeon, then I'd say it falls closer to a pure narcissistic instead of a socio/psychopath 
ah ok
RedManBearPig: http://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/
Smmit
smmit?
No that was right
I thought it was the wrong link and tried to type dammit
okay
AtlasB: your link was just to landing page of forbes
Morning :)
http://www.forbes.com/sites/amymorin/2016/01/30/5-surefire-signs-youre-dealing-with-a-psychopath/#736b142e55c4
I think she meant this
and I do not disagree what is being said there
http://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyclay/2013/01/05/the-top-10-jobs-that-attract-psychopaths/#2ebd89573c39
a lot of things are contradictory in psych. the part that we're calling surgeons psychopathic has to do with their emotional detachment
not their impulsivity
Yeh
their ability to detach from the fact that they hold people's lives in their hands and are fine with that
Right
Not only do I have emotional detachment but in most cases the suffering of other makes me note detsched
More
Colder
Same
I find it difficult to deal with people with people who are deeply emotional
I think anyone would
I feel like deeply emotional people need to learn to not leak ita ll over the world
Well if it is someone close to you
We talked about this before
true
About crying
I guess its different if its close to me
I take way more emo talk from J than I would from anyone else
I laugh when morons think nurses and surgeons have empathy 
nurses are awesome
I had a big fight on ppd. About it
but if they had empathy
They'd die
If they had empathy they would be crushed under it
they would be bad at their jobs
Right
like social workers
its why I never studied social work
I considered it
it would break me
Y dads a Dr with empathy 
I would internalise everyones pain
The first time he lost a patient
He fell apart and became a junkie again 
damn
morning
thats bad
LOL
Sociopathy is important 
Its why socios become leaders
I mistrust sociopaths
well I know I am having a hard time at work right now
cause I probably have to fire someone
and it sucks
You can't trust them
"sociopathy" or sociopathic tendencies seem fairly learned
Right
it's all about self-gain
i don't distrust them. it seems only natural for leaders to develop that
they have "bigger perspective"
sociopaths excel at manipulation
they're obv going to seem more callous to individuals
the more people a guy has to deal with the less time he has for any avg given individual
a lot of their responses/reactions are going to be canned
only natural
couple that with high levels of narcissism and you have a person who takes great pleasure in using others
narcissism isn't even necessary
that just comes with "bigger vision"
they could be completely justified for all i know.
a psychopath is dangerous if his fixation is on using others, but if his fixation aligns with what benefits you it works out
you can't have others be interfering with your bigger vision
it's your vision and your vision is the most important
with a sociopath it's more murky
you know they don't really seperate psyhopaths and sociopaths within the medical or psych field right?
what..?
they don't, but in colloquial usage and even among professionals
they have started now RMBP
the implication is that
where did you hear that from?
in the lastest DSM
sociopathy is more env
and psychopathy is more nature
they split sociopaths and pychopaths
psychopathy is nature, sociopathy is nurture 
It was always Anti-social personality disorder
I remember lonny being really annoyed by it
what
wtf are you talking about
How is everyone today?
Just waking up and having a cup of tea, how are you?
psychopaths are born
the DSM5 the new book psychologists use
brain structure is different
how do you not know this?
separated sociopaths and pyschopaths'
in psychology
right
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/wicked-deeds/201401/how-tell-sociopath-psychopath
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychopathy#History <--- see sociopathy subsection
RedManBearPig, read up http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18327824 
the implication is that sociopathy is more environmental
they are often used interchangeably, but colloquial usage matches that. even many professionals distinguish them that way
When I was deep into that last year
psychopaths have diminished to non-existent fear and empathy
People I spoke about were never considered a psycho or sociopath, you just spoke about ASPD
well the DSM5 is the american book
There were 4 groups
Yeah but this was from a clinic susan
so its very possiblethat there are cultural differences in how psychologists talk about things
well, I got my info from someone with a master's in behavioural psychology, I'll take her word for it
I dont think we need to think its one or the other Mashakos
they are still lumped together as ASPD
Morning! Ugh my work constantly has cookies baked goods, I thought this nonsense would stop after the holidays
it is important to know the distinction
they are RMBP
sociopaths have empathy as well as developed emotional intelligence
yeah they are both ASPD, and it's not exactly a clear, objective thing
psychopaths don't feel in the same way "regular" people do
sociopaths and psychopaths process situations very differently
I often wondered if I would be considered sociopathic/psychopathic. I think i'm not and i have empathy and all that, but i can easily detach my actions/behaviours from how I "feel"
ah this is interesting
in that psychology today
how would people interpret each other's behaviours and responses
article
how do they know they are talking about the exact same things
aw, are you on a diet?
so is there an official winner for Iowa dem yet?
clinton I think witzie
its so freakin close
no one has empathy
the bbc had an entertaining documentary on psychopaths. It was interesting to see how the UK's armed forces screened for them, since they do not exhibit fear or PTSD 
why would you be a sociopath fiat?
psychopaths can recognize other peoples emotional states
you dont show any symptoms at all to me
they dont co feel them
I had a dream you called me AtlasB
empathy as most people use it = do you feel bad when you make other people sad
But not you WingN
lol
why would I call you AtlasB 
your n ame is Blowing
Comma
empathy is such made up bullshit
people have sympathy
lol
I've gained about 7 pounds this year so I'm trying to lose it.
they see othe rppl suffer and go "oh thats a shame"
oh thats sad for them
AtlasB> psychopaths can recognize other peoples emotional states <-- only through observation, not through empathy
right
Or have a visceral reaction based on their own experiences
Ive started jump roping which is super fun!
https://twitter.com/Snowden/status/694466992019996672/photo/1
wth
i do not co feel other peoples emotions
I do
lol@snowden
interesting split in sociopathy and psychopathy
If my friend is sad I get sad
Alll six coin tosses!
empathy exists AtlasB 
i dont believe in it
the termed was coine din the 40s
it's important to know who has it
Perfect apt exercise
to describe nonexistent socialist psychology bs
this is new to me
If my BFF is pissed at her H, I get pissed too and then he has to argue us both.
Usually over group text
hold on ill show you an Ngram thats very instructive
there are people who experience a resonance effect near others going through intense emotions
honeslty i'm a bit skeptical about empathy as well. especially the ways they measure it
Like a contact high
https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=empathy%2C+sympathy&case_insensitive=on&year_start=1800&year_end=2008&corpus=15&smoothing=3&share=&direct_url=t4%3B%2Cempathy%3B%2Cc0%3B%2Cs0%3B%3Bempathy%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BEmpathy%3B%2Cc0%3B.t4%3B%2Csympathy%3B%2Cc0%3B%2Cs0%3B%3Bsympathy%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BSympathy%3B%2Cc0
no one even USED to word empathy
in common poarlance
until stupid star trek TNG
sympathy and compassion both mean co-feeling
and stupid deanna troi "empath"
these words are enough i think, i dont see why you would need another one
it has socialist nuances
to push socialism
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/43tqfg/update_motherinlaw_56f_deliberately_infected_my/ 
yikes
when the term was coined is irrelevant, it is a term to describe a phenomenon that has existed for a long time
via the "social" sciences
tests they had for empathy can be explained via sympathy, and a lot of EQ tests basically test for "how empathetic do I want to appear to others"
there are people who get affected by the emotional states of others
I'm trying to gain weight
its pretty easy to get affected by the emotional states of others
fiat: mirroring
i think most people have that
different from sympathy
lol, maybe on the first floor!
I don't think giving a kid chicken pox is evil everyone used to do that 
a 1 yr old is probably to young tho
yeah 
i can see it for happiness/excitment and anger
yeah
witzie: it's common
and the grandma was being really entitled/bratty
I wish you could just give me that 7lbs
There's chicken pox parties
my mom used to send us over to our friends houses when they had chicken pox
yeah blowing we all got infected that way
MIL is a cunt tho
yeah susandeath 
so we could make anti-bodies
didnt work
same
I got shingles though
its worked so far I guess? I got chicken pox
Me too susandeath
but the way people describe it and test for it
and then my sister got chicken pox out of the blue much later
so what is reading people then_
i guess what i take issue with is EQ
But that MIL is a cunt witzie
chicken pox is not like measles
dont expose kids to measles
yeah blowing
not the concept of mirroring
agree on that
If I read someones emotional state
What's your diet like? 
EQ is just a fancy way of saying social exposure
that's just understanding emotional states. being good at reading. not necessarily mirroring. I believe mirror neurons and stuff. i just don't buy most tests we see
on EQ
it's conflating mirroring with liberal values
e.g. "empathy for the poor". what.
that would be a misuse of the word, no?
yes, and i'd be fine if that only were the case, but it actually bleeds into tests
like EQ tests
I thought empathy was simply I've been where you've been. And sympathy was I haven't been there but that sounds shitty.
how can you understand the experience of a poor man's life if you have not lived it?
what about empathy for the rich
yeah but isn't that empathy?
like when they are happy and you mirror those emotions
excitement
like I honestly do not know
their petty annoyances
Vegetarian 
never will a liberal empathize with that
fiat: that's too simplistic
https://www.reddit.com/r/Parenting/comments/43tg6q/i_apologize_i_was_wrong/
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/Parenting/comments/43tg6q/i_apologize_i_was_wrong/
lol
Lots of eggs, nuts, tofu, veggies, fruits. And all the carbs in the world 
does EQ only measure for negative emotions
empathy is supposed to be more personal than sympathy i think
how can you understand the joy of a woman who has reached the goal of being rich after she has pursued it for 20 years?
at least thats how wikipedia describes it
Used similarly to sympathy, interchangeably in looser usage. In stricter usage, empathy is stronger and more intimate, meaning that the subject understands and shares an emotion with the object  as in I feel your pain  while sympathy is weaker and more distant  concern, but not shared emotion: I care for you.
no fiat
all emotions
i do believe what atlasb said about EQ being made up as a counterpart to IQ
and feefees
lol my h is so adorable
the questions are awful
he just likes ben carson
on EQ tests
why would EQ be a counterpart to IQ
and hes now conspiritarding they are keeping him down
it never pretends to be
aww AtlasB 
Well that sounds wonderful. 
NF types use empathy when they are talking about their emotional state being significantly altered as a result of being in proximity with someone else
the elevation of some "EQ" to the status of importance of Iq for the purposes of elevating women
it happens to them because they are attuned to emotional states, nothing has to be said for them to be affected
right RedManBearPig; i am saying, i never hear people talk about empathy for people different from them when it involves people they do not like or they are told not to like
like the rich/elite
right
empathy is extros projecting their feeling sonto others
AtlasB: yeah I think equating EQ to IQ is bullshit
and calling it empathy
We never had the issue of baby sitters, as soon as I hit ~11 it was my job
if it's all emotions and if you're compulsively empathetic isn't it consistent to be able to mirror those positive emotions as well
okay
how do THEY know they are really empathising with how others feel?
yes fiat
Is that solipsism tho AtlasB because you don't experience it?
no it's only poor people. people for whom it's politically correct to empathize with
the only person who has ever understood my feelings about anything is witzie
So if you don't no one does?
in my life
my dad is a psychologist MA
So it does exist
hm okay
and practiced
the other day
i aske d him
daddy
do you KNOW me
?
do you feel  liek you know hoew i fele abotu things?
When I was younger than that, instead of baby sitters it was the very rare trip to visit our aunts on either side
and he thought wfor a minute and said no
I think psychologists are best if they aren't empathetic
46 yrs of talking hours a day to a psychologist
lol
They could never leave their jobs at work
that's partially why i wonder if it's not just "sympathy"
and he does know anything baout me
lolol
It's like an empathetic social worker
sympathy for the unfortunate
that is correct blowing
They would kill themselves
right
sympathy implies that we're feeling negative emotions
i dont like psychologists who arent empathetic
i think the women who become mommies
why would i want to talk to someone who acts like a robot
I do filozof
filozof the feign empathy
have whatevers being described as empathy
they
that doesnt inspire my trust at all
My last one was tough love
iat> sympathy implies that we're feeling negative emotions <-- sympathy implies pity
She was the best
yes, pity, and coming with sadness
other feelings
No that's your interpretation
i just dont want to talk personally to someone who doesnt display emotions
usually negative
Sexual abuse is so common. Of course it's wrong to assume that a guy would do something like that, but it's pervasive
i dont trust people like that
well you are out of luck
You all apply negativity to sympathy and say everyone does
I am more at home with people who do not readily display emotions
That's you own interpretation
i readily display all positive emotions
psychologists cannot involve their own emotions in their therapy
happiness joy
And not indicative of what the person being sympathetic is feeling
It's your own shame that you call their pity
The good guys are going to get caught in the net
i hide negative emotions ofr dotn experience them
You hide it under an umbrella of anger/hostility/coldness
this is why women deadbedroom  
https://www.reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/43s3jb/tried_not_rejectioning_hl_husband_for_a/
i do think some ppl genuinely feel bad when they see someone else feel bad
no matter what she gives him
he complains about it and whines for more
but i dotn think its "empathy"
no blowing that is no true
Well my sister and I were abused by our mom's boyfriend, still no baby sitter needed 
even when she forgoes rejection 
what? no one talked about anger/hostiliy/coldness, blowing 
not*
i mentioned sadness
lollzlzlz mow my h is explaining why hes a nigger to me and insisting he is sir smokesalot from half baked
fiat: I'm taking to atlas not you
Talking
hes been up all night holding in all of his talking
the dam has broken
You hide it under an unbrella was at atlas not the rest of you fiat
sometimes
yeh
Because she said she doesn't show her emotions
he just said outright hes a tantrum thrower
lol
hes cracking me up
9:44 AM <blowing> And not indicative of what the person being sympathetic is feeling 9:45 AM <blowing> It's your own shame that you call their pity
This was at the Royal you
General you
i despis eany sense of pity
Sucks for the good guys, I had some great male teachers in elementary school
and heres an interestign thing blowing
if im unhappy or sad
i cant stand any hint of sympathy
because i cant hold it together
I don't feel "sad", just exhausted 
like a kind touch or even a frowny
Like when someone goes for the hug
yes
ugh
And you're like fuck you
and heres why
I hate that
i dotn believ ein empathy
because if a person was "empathetic"
wouldnt they understand ME
and MY feelings
That's true
and how that was a BAD thing to do to me?>
no
sympathy is someone expressing to you how vulnerable you are right now
they PROJECT
I comfort to comfort myself sometimes
what THEYD want
exactly
AtlasB++
ty
dana right
Like I'm sad that you're sad.... HUG ME
world wrong
episode 49057876895093475
most people don't understand me well enough to empathize
yes
people pretend to
thank you
or want to think they do
blowing thats very self aware
that sounds like a really rough life AtlasB  :( 
must be lonely :c 
i prefer NOT to fall apart and have those feelings tho
lol
lol
Exactly. My cousin was the culprit. I can't blame people for being uneasy about men with children.
like every time i try to tell my miscarriage story for some instructive purpose all the nice women time frownies and hugs
and im jus tluike NO NO stop
lol
but you cant stop it
Ohhhh yes that's the hug trigger
becaus etheyr e"just being nice"
I hate hugs
MC is like the cancer bomb
you never know how the other person feels
with certainty
but you can be pretty sure
don't touch me unless you're willing to put out!
I had a conversation with my high school friends and easily over 50% of them had been molested. 
Lol Mashakos
We would not do well IRL
I'm a toucher
stop
Can't
lol
You don't empathize with me at all
the more hugs, the better
nope
why is it wrong Passerby6 
everyone assumes things all day long
I touch people when I talk to them
blowing see thats the balance
id be stroing while you were falling apart
that's how you protect your kids 
scarlett an dmis smelanie hamilton
itsd complimentary
Exactly
and youd be kind when i needed it even i was pushign you away
Never fall apart together
hugging is bullshit. If someone cares about me they show it by understanding me
hhaha
But that's why it's best AtlasB and I live 1000 miles apart bc I would try to cuddle her
male babysitters?
I never said it was wrong. It's understandable, if anything
hahahahhahah
never seen someone have such strong views about hugging
8:44 AM <Passerby6> Sexual abuse is so common. Of course it's wrong to assume that a guy would do something like that, but it's pervasive
Lol
let it all out mashakos
go hug a cat!
i'm genuinely curious though. Is there a reason why empathy for the fortunate is not measured or considered
i will HUG U
is there an academic, fair reason
why it's always empathy for the unfortunate that's seen as the legitimate measure
fiat: the fortunate are usually strong
because exactrly fiat
trust me
they don't need silly hugs
ist is a MARXIST concept
You mean like feeling happy for them?
to push feelings for you tovarish
Or sad that their yacht burned?
yes feeling happy for them
that's irrelevant if the fortunate are strong, Mashakos 
hallo all :D :D
if empathy isn't just for negative emotions
if it's for all emotions
the weird thing EQ is also about understanding your own emotions
i wish the role of marxism in the early social sciences was more well understood
the fortunate don't need your silly grins either
Yeah, assumptions are wrong. 
so it's about needs
lolol no one understands their own emotions LESS than the average person with high EQ
it seems more political
fiat it is political
But it's understandable
Mashakos: you're just making empathy sound political
We are not made to feel content by others accomplishments unless they directly benefit us
when do ppl throw the "low empathy" at you fiat
when you dont wan tyour money stolen and given to the poor
How do you even measure understanding your own emotions?
fiat: in the social sciences it is
Who the fuck is gonna measure that
why are assumptions wrong
morning ladies :D
why ar eassumptiosn wrong
thats how humans navigate the dangerous world
by making assumptions
"I am angry. You understand your emotions very well, here have a star"
its idiotic and wrong NOT to assume that a young  male whos too interested in being around kids isnt sheisty
social sciences are very leftist, i'm pretty sure every sociologist pushes some politics
just look at r/asksocialsciences
yes filozof
no huamns on earht EVER left littl ekids in the care of young males
as usual
people there are saying that economics is a capitalist conspiracy
all humans all wrong for all of human history
to keep marxism down
only right in last 60 yrs
i'm not making this up
sociologist provide numbers and advice for policies
understanding your emotions becomes important when it affects your long term goals, motivations
when i was akid in the 70s no one left little kids woith male babysitters
I understand it's importance
you understand your emotions through feedback, why socialisation is highly important
the social sciences come directly frommarx
Maybe so, but it's not inherently right to assume that,  as some guys actually might be good with kids, and not a molester
feminism comes directly from engels work on the state and the family
therees no secret there
and no dispute
yeah
ppl just dont say it out loud
6:55 AM <AtlasB> lolol no one understands their own emotions LESS than the average person with high EQ <--- rofl
atlasb++
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskSocialScience/comments/26ry32/are_any_of_karl_marxs_insights_accepted_by_modern/chu04wl
this is glorious
and what i lov emost iis
name ONE SUBJECT
the social sciences are for those who can't hack it in an industrial civilisation
karl marx
had a particle of actual knowledge about?
he was a neckbeard in his room
scribbling
dreamers are drawn towards social sciences Mashakos
autistotypy
people who want to see a better world
"dreamers"
i know more about every human subject
lol
then marx did
except for hegels made up bullshit
that he knew more about
For real that is the people who study sociology, anthropology here
and that was it
i was an antrho major at first
lol AtlasB 
really
what did marx now
lol Anthro is like the dumbest
lets think about it
I wouldn't assume all pitbulls are viscious
did he know biology?
evolution?
economics?
he didn't consider those things
history?
RedManBearPig> lol Anthro is like the dumbest <-- nah, that's a legitimate field
physical anthropology
is an important field
and the non marxist one
absolutely
early anthro ethnographies are priceless
colin turnbull
chagnon
shostak
even if their interpretations fail sometimes
not driven by idealistic nonsense
But, like I said, I understand the uneasiness that surrounds it. 
no it was
the hard study of cultures
youre wrong
it was very ideological and markxist
CF margaret meade
they were all part of the intellectual paradigm of their day
which was marxist analysis
margaret meade WANTED to find primitive cultures with zero sex norms and rules
and the peopel she studie dlied to her
dupe
lol
jus tlike the feminists pull the mosuo out of their asses
as proof of something
well
so much coffee!!!
lucky you guys
the field has moved on from interviewing natives
I don't get it
How does modern anthro visiting foreign tribes help me?
http://faculty.usfsp.edu/jsokolov/314mead1.htm
studying civilisations that have disappeared is helpful
understanding the humans helps increase our knowledge
thats archeology
my second major
some died out for environmental reasons
in my tour of the humanities
others for economic, cultural
accordign to jared diamond
marxist
i'm pretty sure understanding human nature is useful
the question is
whether tribal ppl
shed light on post agricultural ppl nature
which coichran and harpendings 10000 year leap
suggests otherise
is that whats its called
yeah
the tribes today are not stuck in time
even if they look like it
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_10,000_Year_Explosion
i have a personal theory that lots of "tribes" that existed contemporaneously with civilizations were actual the  civilized peopel who broke off and went back into the forest
that would be true for the aztecs
disappeared civs sure
I have a personal theory as well, hear me out on this
how would that be true about the aztecs?
that leadership traits were bred out of certain groups
the aztecs migrated from across the rio grande and founded tenochtitlan very late in meso american history
as a result of extended periods of warfare
they didnt come from an earlier civilization and devolve
oh i agree
the leadership class is decimated
and the lowest survive
the aztec cities ended because they ran out of resources, no?
um
no
they were conquered
Good morning gals
by cortez
oh wait
mayans?
maybe
no one knows that
desert civilisation
definitely
the aztecs were at their height
when cortez shwoe dup
the great pyramid of tenochtitlan had jus tbeen built
i know smuh aztecs
heh
morning :D
how are you? 
About to buckle down for a busy day! What about you?
egypt is an example of a civilisation that ended because of it's leadership. The religion/culture couldn't survive it's goddess handing over the entire kingdom and committing suicide.
http://gawker.com/here-is-a-photo-of-donald-trump-and-his-biological-daug-1756363637
he probably screwed his daughter
I have this belief that the status of women worldwide was diminished as a result of Cleopatra's actions
before Cleopatra's demise, it was not unusual for a queen in the levant to have children from multiple sires
there was a belief that the queen can choose the strongest to impregnate her
all that went out the window after Rome's conquering of Egypt.
girl i feel great! I just filed my taxes
got money in the bank!
and who invented the family unit? Rome
at work now
so it was a clash female dominated civilisation vs. male dominated
Nice! This is our first time filing married, eek :) Interested to see what it will do for our returns.
aww yay
the female dominated civilisation failed utterly, which must have ad far reaching consequences
Whisked K away for a birthday trip this weekend so we had lots of work to catch up on, and then our hot water heater was pouring water down the exterior wall of our house from hte attic when we got home, sooo we lost another work day waiting for the idiot plumbers. Ready to get this week going already, haha.
probably won't do much
but that said i'd check this out if i were you http://taxfoundation.org/article/understanding-marriage-penalty-and-marriage-bonus
whoa
that sucks payton
Haha it was not ideal. Not sure if it's a blessing or a curse that we have our home warranty for 7 more days.
im really goign to disagree there
egypt wasnt female dominated just becaus eit had a female pharoah
the bloodline was why she was pharoah
her sex was irrelevant to the culture
The best thing I ever did for my tazes was going back to school
she was a ptolemy
*taexes
she killed her brother
wasnt' that ptolemy like greek blood line or something?
cleopatra waged war through influencing mercenary armies and political power, augustus waged war through building armies
that she made poor decisions BECAUSE she was female
*taxes
I obviously need more school. Or coffee 
really?
that must be it
cuz i went back to school and my refund is enormous like whoa
Payton: did you already get your  water heater? If not, request a Branford white defender. It's the best entry level tank. And go 60 gal if you're having kids
ultimately building powerful armies won over political manipulation, confidence in cleopatra's style of leadership disappeared
her end game strategy was ruling rome through her son, the child of Julius Ceasar. Augustus' end game was overwhelming egypt with force and killing her son.
My husband makes more than me, so the marriage bonus probably comes into play for us as well?
LandBeforeThyme: American Home Shield, the worst company in all of the world, will not let us request, pick, approve or even see what tank we're getting until it's going up the attic steps. We weren't even allowed to call an emergency plumber to make the water stop gushing down the wall and through our light sockets. AND, they said it's not their problem to
worry about the damage. So 18 hours later, we finally had a plumber come out and say "Yep, it's busted! But I don't have anything to block it off so your house can have water again, so I'm gonna run to Home Depot."
D:  That's awful 
What a nightmare, I'm sorry you're dealing with such a headache 
(leave them a bad review if you can!)
ok, so roosh is going to be banned from australia
for "advocating rape"
Good time to learn where your shutoff are :) AHS is junk. Well known in the industry...... cathy_catherine they have literally 50K 1 star reviews
leftists disgust me
Oh I sure did! I hate to be that lady but my goodness. This summer we were without A/C for a combined 4 weeks in Texas. We had to get AHS when we bought our house per the seller's agreement. Yuck!
well he does describe actually raping people 
how about banning every feminist who tweeted the #killallmen hashtag while we're at it
I don't know what the rules for banning are
AtlasB> her sex was irrelevant to the culture <- her leadership style was very relevant
did any of those feminists actually kill mne
yes
if we're going to ban people for expressing their views provocatively
he did actually descripe raping people?
if he's a rapist, why is he not in jail?
according to feminists yes
I've only rented so far, so I don't understand things like that. If it's my house why can't I used whatever service I want?
if I kill someone in a country where murder is legal can I be banned from other countries? 
becaus erape is no longer a crime
witz if thats in their laws
ssure
its up to their laws
lots of artists describe murder and rape, should they be banned too?
sure if australia wants
You can. But when you buy, often sellers and agents throw in a warranty for "peace of mind" because people don't know what home maintenance is.
that doesn't make any sense
In our case, the seller had to pay for it so he got to pick and he picked the cheapest. I think it's typically a per-purchase type agreement. It was either that, or we had to pay for it on our own.
rape is illegal anywhere
they dont have freedom of speech no other country does
Which in retrospect, we might have done.
australia has the right to ban roosh, nobody is arguing that
i think its funny other countries think they have freedom of speech
im just saying they are retarded and their reasons are retarded
it is retarded
Our house was built in 1940 so we thought "Hey, free year of protection for an old house.. awesome!"
it's funny america thinks they have freedom of speech
So after the year is over you can switch?
Yeah, as far as I know you can purchase a home warranty any time.
You can but ultimately it's cheaper to save your $ for emergencies after the first year.
I love how leftists think "democracy" is the answer to everything. Turkey has had a democracy since 1923, women had the vote there since 1937. A democracy for an uneducated populace is meaningless.
i despise roosh personally, but those leftists are making me sympathize with him
personally what i love about how leftists argue about democracy
when the votes dont go their way
Sounds like you got your money's worth this year lol a/c and new HW tank.
That's the route we decided to go
they say "ts not a true democracy"
like now
in the us
Haha no, we were over 3k out of pocket
despite the fact that the people have a complete say in what the government does
Everyone does that filozof
"We moved to my bed. I got her down to her bra and panties, but she kept saying, No, no. I was so turned on by her beauty and petite figure that I told myself shes not walking out my door without getting fucked. At that moment I accepted the idea of getting locked up in a Polish prison to make it happen."
Whoever doesn't win bitches
this sounds like rape to me
they say that this is not a democracy, but a government ruled by corporations
Because You picked upgraded stuff or water damage?
th eus isnt a democracy
they cannot accept the fact that this is democracy
an dnever was
as always they are tilting at windmills
10:27 AM <witzie> this sounds like rape to me
because that would require accepting that democracy is retarded
It is
its a representative democracy
united states is a democracy for all intents and purposes
leftists dotn think the ppl ever disagree with them
and if they do
its "false conscioousnesS"
just because its through representatives means its not a democracy?
its a representative democracy
The latter sucks but the former is great. Cause entry level stuff is such junk
the founders loathed direct democracy
for exactly what it is
i think theres no point in differentiating the us from other countries
ten lions and a zebra voting on dinner
Lol
there's no significant difference in how its governed
Neither, because AHS just didn't cover things we needed done. They said we could either pay the difference to the companies they picked for us, or if we had it fixed independently, it would void our warranty. So we had holes in our ductwork which was part of why the a/c went out. They covered the new coil in the unit, but not the holes in the ductwork, the
freon, the freon to replace the freon that leaked out because they didn't fix it right the first time.
what other country has our form of govenrment?
10:29 AM <AtlasB> ten lions and a zebra voting on dinner
Lol
most countries have representative democracy
i think the founders said ten wolves and a sheep
all countries have slightly different forms
doesnt make them all that unique
Wow. They're getting worse I see.
parliamentary democracy is a different fom of gov
i dont see anything wrong with tyranny of the majority
i do
much better than tyranny of the minority
So if we didn't pay their company, our warranty on our entire a/c system would be void. With the water heater, they said we need a new pan, and some shutoff valve. AHS won't cover that, they will JUST cover the heater (that they pick). If we replace our own water heater with one we buy, no more warranty on the water heater system.
filozof> i dont see anything wrong with tyranny of the majority <- NO!!!
Yeah they're absolute crooks LandBeforeThyme 
you just pissed me off
there is no alternative, either you want the majority to make the choices or the minority
i tis better than tyranny of th emajority
so the majority is always better, because you satisfy more people
the rabble leading a nation to ruin
fuck that
but the limited franchise and representative nature or a limited federal governemnt
was to limit tyranny of either
the left had to giv emore an dmore ppl the franchise
and increase the direct democracy aspects
to acheive their tyranny
The phone line I have direct to the ceo's secretary glances every 6months, if it was good I'd share it. (I'm a residential RE developer BTW)
Glances = changes
the best in any population are always going to be the minority
whats interesting to me is how the left in america defends the supreme court
satisfying ppl isnt the role of governemtn
which is basically a form of elective monarchy
they MADE it that way
the trick is to limit them from damaging a nation for self gain
the lefts introduction fo the "living breathign constitution" theory
Haha wow, I'm not surprised! I'm sure it's hell being management there, and even worse for secretaries of higher ups.
of juridical construction
under roosevelt
before that the originalists held sway
witzie: i'm not sure if he describes rape there
and the lochner doctrine
he just said that he'd like to rape her
in any case, if what he said is true, he should be jailed
otherwise we should treat this as a work of art
the lef tonly loved th esupreme courtt
in so far as it used it
i raped atlasb yesterday
to implement its program
should i be banned from australia now?
please dont type things that would make my husband kill me if he saw them
nooooooooooooooo
so close
does he look at the chat?
no but he could
did clinton really win by 6 coin tosses
do i have to just ify my request to you?
with evidence
fiat i don't think so
and arguymentation?
possibly
we all know AtlasB's h is too Alpha for irc  
the coin tosses are precinct level delegates
well, you can just ban me if you want ofc
clinton won by a few state-level delegate equivalents
it just seems silly to me
i think it's a three stage process
SerNemesis: I took you off ignore don't push it
but if it bothers you, ok
you get precint delegates
http://www.yelp.com/biz/american-home-shield-carroll  Yelp sucks.  What's with the 726 one-star reviews that are not currently recommended?
i was just making a point
who get state delegates
i'll say witzie or someone else the next time
and then that gets you actual delegates to the convention
reportedly though the democratic party is still going through checking for errors
im not goign to ban you for something like that
i made a request
I think they know they're garbage and they exist to facilitate sales, period. But I do place the onus on dumb buyers. People don't want the truth they want pretty houses.
filozof: just say ok and don't do it
i just said that
why it requires all of this argument and justifucation is beyond me
didn't i?
And don't say it again
i dotn care what you think is silly
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/vtTWDpkL/
this sounds like rape too
don't you think filozof  
so what do you think should be done to him?
Not YOU Payton, but I see it often. Old roof who cares! Pretty kitchen and marble bath, yessssss
should we treat this as a rape confession and jail him?
witzie what if he made it all up
What?
Haha no I get it. Luckily we had the seller put a brand new roof on before we bought it ;D
no ones pressing charges againt him
Is this from a Roosh post?
it's not rape
he says she allowed his penis
if that gilr pressed charges you can be damn sure that would be evidence
no signs of rape
lol LandBeforeThyme.
sounds like bullshit
Sounds like me.  I saw the bath in this house and nothing else matters.  :D  
http://akinokure.blogspot.com/2016/02/newsflash-iowa-picks-another-loser-and.html
I personally don't care but I think australia can ban whoever they feel like
countries should ban more foreigners if you ask me
Roosh sounds really bad at sex
ewww that entire description
thats pretending that what happens in australia doesnt affect the us
If it was still painful after 4 hours of foreplay
Luckily our home hasn't had any major problems so far.  Although it does need to be painted.
blowing: Roosh sounds really bad at sex <- he is
when the cultures are largely influential on each other
.context
thats what i love abotu australia
roosh is good at getting what he wants
they dont let 90% of darkies and refugees in
turn away ships
*shakes head * awalt kittenkajira ;-)
is roosh white?
and then grandstand abotu racism
yeah AtlasB 
hes iranian
roosh is iranian
i think
ew
fuck yeah australia
fuck australian
rapey little arab faggot
*fuck roosh
ewwwww
isn't he american?
i happen to like rooshes blog
if he's banned from australia that means more of him in the us
all these "rapists" that TBP freaks about
aren't white people
as in "born in america"
i think so
the audience they claim is all TRP
i refuse to believe that is real and he's just pot-stirring
he's not white
sun of course they arent
thats why they glom onto the stories liek the duke hoax
"the great white defendent"
a la tom wolfe
roosh is pot stirring
its pretty obvious
he prefers to be remembered as a rapist than forgotten
TRP is exceedignly nonwhite
it's noticable
and TBP is exceedingly white and western european
lolol
4 hours of foreplay = nagging her or 4 hours for sex
i would respect it more if it was majority white
the manosphere is white
thats why its different
but these creepy thoughts and foreign ideas of women
I do advocate people paint their own places. One of the only avenues you cansAve $ and it won't be shoddy. Just buy top shelf paint - SW, Ben Moore or ppg. Everything else is garbage.
RoK n-worded up theman o sphere
aren't RP 
my god i don't think i have the lack of self-respect to nag someone 4 hours for sex
and dumbed it down
all this rape, virginity, ncount stuff
that's not western
but yeah fiat reportedly clinton won several coin tosses
noone in the TRP irc is white practically
they are all mulatoo and hispanic
realyl??
prole
and the clinton precinct captain at one location cheated
We used nice paint for the first time in our house and I will never buy cheap paint again. Holy cow. I can only imagine the difference exterior paint would have.
mulatto lol
haven't seen that word in a bit
lite brite
I can't wait to paint our next place
all in all, I support the right of countries to arbitrarily ban whoever the fuck they want to
yeah
And buy an additive called floetrol at HW store or Lowes depot . That makes it dry slower, like it used to in old days. It buys you time for goofs and bubbles.
ban people with the wrong color fingernail polish for all i care
no one has a universal right to residence
I've always liked the home Depot paint
do you disagree filozof ?
New messages
9:58 AM <Passerby6> Maybe so, but it's not inherently right to assume that,  as some guys actually might be good with kids, and not a molester
10:01 AM <Passerby6> I wouldn't assume all pitbulls are viscious
i wasnt making a point against that, so its a completely different topic
why women shouldnt be allowed to vote or have power in a nutshell
yes you were 
Lollllolll
you were saying it's bad that he's banned
witzie look at rpw
because it is
lol
dihttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztgY-Xsk5RE
10:42 AM <SexyMcSexington> my god i don't think i have the lack of self-respect to nag someone 4 hours for sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztgY-Xsk5RE
I don't have the patience or focus
I would get bored at hour 2 and go look for food
I say property owners or bust WingN
i have tweaked that
net taxpayers i n lieu of property
Oh I like that
you can be a homeowner and the beneficiary of 100 kinds fo governemnt largesse
I am hungry after sex
you're not differentiating denying someone the right to do something with judging someone for doing it
plenty of people conflate those two
witz, why i like roosh  http://www.rooshv.com/the-truth-about-multiculturalism-and-third-world-immigration
just because i say you're a retard for saying something doesn't mean i deny you the right to free speech
hours of foreplay...that sounds boring
"In the early hours of Tuesday morning, with ninety-nine per cent of the precincts having reported, the delegate count was six hundred and sixty-five for Clinton, and six hundred and sixty-two for Sanders."
foreplay is like 30 minutse tops
3 state delegate equivalents lol
ids that DELEGATES ofr votes?
arent there two levels of delegates
I don't take any women or Hispanic in business tax write offs or grants. I could be a millionaire in 12 months if I did. Crony capitalism is gross.
state delegates who choose the delegates for the dnc?
it seems to me it works like that
so passerby if you had a husband and a 6 yea rold son.  and the neighborhood gay male teen was th ebabysitter around town.  your husband says no, refuses to use him.  how would you react?
fox news declares a tie despite the fact that clinton won
almost as if they wanted to support sanders
nice AtlasB 
he's a rapey arab himself so he should be banned with all the rest
but nice of him to point it out
lol
hispanics keep pigs and chickens in their yards in urban areas
lawd lol
they devovle civilization around them
an donly shletered white lefties
that's what my dad would say hahahaha
living in the ghetto himself and saying latinos have no class
who have never even had to drive through north philly to buy their cocaine
dont know that
I'd say I agree with him. You're missing my point though. 
If you look up assumption, it means to take as truth. 
now white liberal hipsters are into microfarms 
mini chicken coops in apartment garden
mini aquaponics
its cool I like it lol
"urban farming"
blargh
To brand someone with  something you believe is absolutey true, is wrong. 
i never thought farming would be something that's trendy
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/75/2b/b5/752bb5de41ed98bd80e113e02c8a2e35.jpg
so cute
Witch trials
some of my coworkers have a cow co-op
where they all share cows out in the rural parts of virginia
I wouldn't assume all pit bulls are aggressive. I've known several very sweet pits (owned by responsible people). I just read somewhere that they used to be called nurse dogs for their gentle nature with children
and then eat organic beef or whatever
https://www.omlet.co.uk/images/cache/1088/492/Eglu_classic_green_plastic_chicken_coop_with_run_on_bark_chippings_child_and_dog_sat_by_run.jpg
little chickie house
some pit bulls aren't aggressive. but they were bred to be aggressive. it's just somethign to know and apply to situations with pitbulls
okay, that admittedly is pretty cute :3
the thing about pits is that with them used in fighting, most of the gentle ones have been killed, and now they are bred for meanness 
I don't actually like the egloo
aww :(
I like the cute little wooden houses
but you can generally tell the difference
All the pits I've known have been absolute sweet hearts
the soft-haired ones are probably of the old breed
my friend had a pitbull. she was sweet and lovable and wanted to "hug" me
her hugs were still dangerous
cuz she was frickin huge haha
it's not uncommon for dutch people to have chicken house in their backyard
and the ones with really wiry fur are probably the more aggressive ones
mostly upper middle class people with a garden big enough
if you get a pup from a friend, it will probably be fine
yeah I saw that a lot in germany and austria
It's not even a trend it's just culture
something that has been around for a long while here
aw chickie house
want
hello again bot
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/94/c9/37/94c937c104d5a7336192bb1ccc815644.jpg
AtlasB theyre the cutest
since families have had pits for years and years and give their pups to friends, those are probably good
I want chickies
want chickies
lolol
my h wants chickies too, when we move
http://cdn-ugc.cafemom.com/gen/constrain/500/500/80/2012/07/25/21/hn/g3/poxlp1jvw4.jpg
i dotn think he wants to kill them tho
chicken houses are the cutest farm things
but a lot of the ones sold are of the newer more aggressively bred
just to have and for eggs
yeah
its better anyway
i dotn think he wants to kill animals at all anymore
so cute
they live a long time and give really big eggs when they're old
and by then they're too old to taste good anyway
so why bother
right
just keep em around for the big eggs 
fresh eggs are the best
and theyre so cute
one time years ago
are yall set on moving, AtlasB ?
if you get small chickens
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/43sq2a/i_was_caucusing_in_ames_district_13_the_organizer/czkp1ht
the bikers i knew took me to some bikers row hous
ein roxborough
bunch of cheating bastards
he had fancy nimbus sidecars that jay leno wanted to buy
My sister is my size, so her 70lbs pit bull is more than half her weight. But he's the biggest momma's boy and just wants to cuddle all the time.
That's good to know tempy 
my neighbor got a pit pup and at about 6 months it killed his two german sheppards 
chickens are dumb but fun
i'm busy right now but i'll try to do a manual count in the evening
an din his yard he had chickies and golden pheeasants
and i fell in love with a rooster
and with chickens feathered feet
i never met chickens in person befor
eomg their cute feather legs
aww yeah the feather legs 
I've heard they're more aggressive to other dogs than they are to people
they're very calming aren't they AtlasB 
That's so so sad though
and the rooster was so handsome and proud
the way they just contentedly peck and coo to eachother
the hens are so sweet and calm 
if they aren't having a riot chickens are very calming
they were twice the pit's size - it was horrible - the guy shot the pup and was pretty much distraught
i wa sin love
it was like magic
I won't lie a big turning point in my attraction to my little asian highschool boyfriend
was when I took him to see my chickens
Nah
and he was terrified of them
I'm getting into the duck game
we had chickens growing up
you just have to be careful now - i love pits :(
and like jumped and dodged and refused to touch them
my sister and I would collect the eggs in a team
"they'll peck my eye!"
Duck poop can be used as fertilizer immediately
like "wow youre a real pussy"
cause the rooster always tried to peck our eye out
Unlike chicken poop
you are better off getting pheasants or turkeys drok
hi, im obviously a dinosaur, you no pattern-spotting morons https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/S0QhbmyN/
unless you wanna clip the wings of the duck
where are you moving, atlasb
or buy them clipped which might illegal in some states
Duck also tastes good
just someplac emore rural
I prefer chicken to duck drok
NH
more rural and northerly
maybe
duck can be all greasy
Ducks have best bird meat
its finicky to cook
And delicious
but maybe jus tnorth central PA
wich id prefer
buy a big land AtlasB  and let SP and me come live on a corner
i want to move to the pennsylvania grand canyon
aw yeah, ducks. I like duck eggs even more
rich flavor
a compound is the dream but my h is too anti social
Yeah duck eggs are awesome too
chickens
heaven on earth https://www.google.com/search?q=pennsylvania+grand+canyon&espv=2&biw=1024&bih=618&site=webhp&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&sqi=2&ved=0ahUKEwj14eaYu9nKAhULaD4KHZcDAcUQ_AUIBygC
africans love chicken
pit bulls were deliberately bred to kill
they didnt grow out of the ground
sur enot every one of them kills
but to blanket NOT be wary of them woudl be foolish
as opposed to a labrador
bred to protect
take a labrador to a lake
watch what happens
theyre bred to swim
throw a ball into the lake 
they die with joy
aw lol
theyre bred to swim and fetch things out of water
aka duck hunting dogs
its what they are
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/kA9REMLf/
cute
a while ago, really sad, some family friends of ours lost their labrador and full sized poodle  
they were best buds and escaped and swam across a big river together 
the lab was fine, the poodle drowned immediately
what kind of chicken is that?
its very cute
oh right - bill's family pit was the most lovable thing ever
never seen that one before
have you ever seen silkies AtlasB ?
I had pet silky chickens
but one time he forgot his key
no
http://photorator.com/photos/images/silkie-chickens--30013.jpg
yep
and that dog attacked viciously
I want chickens like this
they are awesome
soooo fluffy
http://photorator.com/photos/images/silkie-chickens--30013.jpg
silkies are the best witzie
AtlasB: 
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
AWWW
they're sooooooooooooooo soft
luckily he got out of the window before getting bitten lol
want!
its like fur
its awesome
my friend had silkies
cute
their feathers never mature hard like normal birds
they just wandered around the yard
tame as anything
we used to have egg hunts
by what sunhappy?
feathers
how do those chickens see
they have eyes
My vet told me that most bites reported are with black labs
just hidden behind soft fur
I guess its like poodles
they peer out throiugh the feathers
arent they the most popular breed?
or one of them?
http://i.imgur.com/Iv7127o.jpg
more labs, mor elab bites, dogs bite
AtlasB look at this picture
silkies have feathery feet
they don't see fiat
OW
True
omg
omG
they use echo-location
big bird
i've only ever had a great dane and an aussie
too cute for words
I'm looking at Sesame Street
Aw I have always wanted a Great Dane.
my grandparents had danes
jk
yep soo cute
i love them but they are short lived
when I buy a house I will have some 
soooooo sweet but they have a lot of health problems due to their size
yeh
but a harlequin great dane
such great dogs
I want a Comodo dragon
my great dane lived to 16yo
Wow!
Komodo*
had a major stroke at 8yo
apparently their breath smells vile
thyroid
cause they mostly eat rotting meat
I told him that all the calico cats I've known have been nuts, and he said that they actually are scientifically different from other cats, which makes them crazy
They're almost all girls :P
put her on medication and she grew a whole new pelt under her fur and shed the old
here ya go fiat: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/43uc14/postcaucus_megathread/czl0t4e
AtlasB: we had this kind too
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/4b/d2/fd/4bd2fdadb610ba289ff104935a49b57d.jpg
she was a ball of fire - a puppy again 
our little rooster looked just like this
bantam 
it was weird but good
awwww
http://farm1.static.flickr.com/94/428765218_2fea811088.jpg?v=0
handsome lad
Their coat, how its marbled? That marbling is also present on their brain
it had brilliant irredescant blue tailfeathers
looked just like that
love it
so handsome
look at its feet
and very friendly
thats good we had an unfriendly rooster
http://cdn.backyardchickens.com/a/af/af92dde6_95465_102_2792.jpeg
the hens are so pretty too
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/32/Sebright_Gold_Dor%C3%A9.jpg
we also had seabrights like this 
very shiny
very good at flying and perching
ugh
i may need to take a break from family for a while
thos are gorgeous
http://poultrypaddock.com/wp-content/uploads/leghorn3-2_1.jpg
we just had boring ones like this
Oh no sun :(
really tho my favorite were just the buff orpingtons
http://www.cityfolksfarmshop.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/BuffOrpington.jpg
very big, fluffy, friendly
just very cute and nice and laid a lot of eggs
chubby chickens
you had a lot of cute chickens witzie
you were raised on a farm
http://www.cacklehatchery.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/b/u/buff_orpington_2.jpg
they look like this
they're just very nice normal hens, the best
did you ever handle the big ones?
what do you mean 
I would cuddle those and carry them around
like move em around
i texted my brother that i miss him and he's like "how can you miss without a phone call?"
did you ever hypnotise them witzie
It's surprising how easy chickens are
https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/228759_223654184312602_4625279_n.jpg?oh=1309441686ae85ffb3ce15acf895018f&oe=5722BA05
my dog and one of the roosters
so i tell him 1) i'm working, in school, dating, etc. 2) you've been rude via phone in the past 3) he could always call me, stuff like that
and from all of that
LandBeforeThyme: your comment duplicated
he thinks i'm full of shit and blames my relationship.
on RPW
i'm just tired of my family judging how i date. if they ever had their own relationships, fine. but they never dated
i deleted the dupe
I deleted one Tempy, is that OK?
so why judge me?
ah good
Whoops, or WingN did
tempy do you like that new redpill woman dating blog?
i find theres soemthign really off about it
https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn2/v/t1.0-9/248768_227675570577130_6850014_n.jpg?oh=d91b258dd4d9b23477f93f29fd4b7505&oe=57311D15 
me when I was like 12 
i realized later that it is probably the Return of Queens bitch lololol
14 maybe idr
I'm sorry Sunhappy :/ That seems stressful, especially with all you've got going on.
who cares what your gay brother thinks
why do care so much
is it their life?
hows his marriage? lol
.....
peopel should tend their own gardens
chilling with your chickie
what blog WingN ?
http://kittenholiday.com/
lots of ticks in that grass
witzie: you are the cutest
its a wonder I didn't get lyme disease
yeah - i think she was the person behind RoQ
11:25 AM <susandeath> chubby chickens
They prefer curvy
really?
it wasn't until yesterday afternnon that i saw the telltale signs
lol
blowing++
I agree something is off there, but idk what
yeah - single mother - never married
my poor dog had to jump and run through all that grass
shes a singl emom?
https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/v/t1.0-9/247868_227669643911056_661980_n.jpg?oh=7597816a70870fd8abb642392be578a5&oe=572D2E35
desperately trying to lock down BB 
a single mom is giving dating advice?
lol
Some of the posts looked like good advice
well that 5 reasons not to sleep with was beta bait right out of "the rules"
yeah - i think she recently started dating a guy
looks like he loved it
but didn't figure it out until hours after posting
what planet are adult men "waiting" for sex from adult women, they may wait for youm but they banging somones
that she was single and giving dating advice lololol
His ears look happy but his are all murder
yeh i neve runderstood that
Eyes*
single women giving datign advice
and othe rmoronic single women listening
well, if they can't wait a date or two....
:)
a date or towo sure
blowing you are projecting your own murderous feelings onto that poor doggie
i'm not big on this 3-6 months thing
but to expect commitment from a modern man with options before he has sex with you ois silly
right
https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/v/t1.0-9/254096_227674267243927_3352079_n.jpg?oh=1362048d53ed09ddd7e744b325613fc2&oe=5723AFDD
she turned into a wet dirty teddy bear
unless the woman is under 18 and a virgin
http://kittenholiday.com/2016/01/actually-she-divorced-you-because-you-didnt-care/   < NOTHING redpill here
shame
a lot of men are just normal 
I was completely convinced and not upset at the idea my DH was sleeping with plates in our early dating days. The price of sex is low in today's world. It's intimacy that's expensive
you think CH minded "waiting" for sunnie WingN ?
the cities are a different game imo
and wine
It's basically a guarantee every day that the minute I get to carpool I'll have to pee
how long di he wait tho
Thanks susandeath
not 6 months
I needed that
uum
that was one of my nice crystal glasses
but ok
no 6 months would be extreme
next time you get the metal camping one
It's really your own fault for trusting me with the good dishes
I think we can all agree this one is on you
I was just trying to be nice to you
its a really good wine too
a Blue Mountain 2010 cab sauv merlot blend
susandeath is so polite
just "I guess next time you get the camping one"
thanks blowing
I'm sorry
6 weeks. About 2-3 dates/ week. I was dying for it but I had to play my cards right. And I did - he introduced me as his girlfriend right after we slept together.
its ok
it just seems like you would be able to get a good grasp on the fellow in a few dates
i have slept my way into every relationship i eve rhad
lolol
every one of them started as a hookup
yeah tempy
i never dated once in my life
starting at 14
tempy def
that advice is fine for someone who already sleeps around and really doesn't give a fuck 
right
i iwould never tell women to do that
but if you know you personally will end up genuinely fucked up damaged and baggage ridden 
but she DOES give a fuck lololol
you can't take wingns style
right
High dominance women are more like men than women WingN
id never tell women to do it
but her firs tline is ":you cant sleep your way into a relationship"
http://poultrypaddock.com/wp-content/uploads/leghorn3-2_1.jpg
sur eyou can
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/43us49/update_someone_started_stealing_my_water_caught_em/
You can, but it might not be a good relationship
not the chicken
this thread
Well you can, if you've got the goods lmao
just not with high quality husband material
which i have no interest in
I did a BJ on date 3, and I think we had sex on date 5 or 6
but my only point is
a man may wait for YOU forever
but he aint waitin for sex
thats what women ar eblind to
a man with options
haha
waiting for you =/= going without sex
just going without sex from you
theres a period of  time
an di dont liek the corny sexualized slutty images on her site
where he might be getting sex from other women 
right
and she's probably still going on dates with other men
right in th ebegoinning
and you deal with that until exclusive talk happens
yup
The only way I've gotten through to women on male sex drive is asking them To imagine how they feel when ovulating x100. That's how men few everyday
Wow.  I should be having more sex, then.
http://kittenholiday.com/2014/11/dear-married-men/  how redpill of her, to castigate marrie dmen and tell them what to do
me and R were exclusive from the first date. so i felt way more comfortable than i would have other wise haha
shes just a rules girl
my h and i just spent all our time together from the second we met
there was no discussion
I don't like the pictures on her site either wingn
they seem liek soemthing a man would put
not attractive to women
offputting to women
yeah - and then you see a pic of HER and she's like a 5
her advice for marrie dmen is ATROCIOUS
Did I make a breakthrough kittenkajira? Heh
pure team womaning
nothign redpill
AT all
just shaming
an dbe nicer to your wife
well since shes never been married....
3. Be Vulnerable. Show her that you need her.
hahahhahahaha
ah
a
ha
Maybe LandBeforeThyme. ;)
Who is zxcvbn911
witzie: do you know zxcvbn911 ?
Is it sunnie's stalker?
idk
zxcvbn911: speak up
who are you
Second of all.  Dont disrespect me by approaching me to be a side chick.  Do I not deserve more than that?
no?
youre a singl emom whore?
She popped in and out
this broad is precious
she?
might be drok
she is?
no, i think he said he was a redpiller
or something
he's not even authed
zxcvbn911
it's weird getting all those randoms all of the sudden
report who you are right now
3
2
first rick1
1
filozof: Sunnie popped in and out and I wasn't sure if someone messaged her like last night
now this
hes in #rpdevs
with physt
dammit!!
haha 
casualty of war
hahaha
friendly fire!
I have never been asked to be a side piece. I've had notorious players want to date seriously. Women need to understand hierarchy and RMV. My H has alpha widows he never even slept with
im pretty sure thats not it
LOL
Lol Sunhappy WingN is being sarcastic
sunhappy i boote dyou from ppd accidentally
i just saw that :O
i was like :( :(
come back
i realized that there's no difference between this chat's regular and a non-regular
yay
almost all of her commenters are male
filozof> i realized that there's no difference between this chat's regular and a non-regular
what does this mean
https://www.facebook.com/KittenHoliday/photos/pb.1412209262374745.-2207520000.1454431797./1597288340533502/?type=3&theater
THat's her?
yeah lol
that everyone here is either a regular or doesn't talk at all
i think
Hey the heck is her twitter icon some model?
this chat is pretty isolated
Theres causal talkers
Peek a boob
And people who leave for long stretches of time
I was confused when people said she was a 5 because I thought she was the chick on the bike, and I thought "in what world is that middle of the road?" 
there are lurkers like Enmity 
its easier to flirt w the manosphere on twitter if you look hot 
now it makes more sense haha
she aint ugleh
I haven't seen just eat stuff in forever
.seen justeatstuff
No she isn't ugly
See that's like forever
She's also not a jaw dropper
i just find the prospect of late 20s-early 30s spinsters
makign men wait for sex
Pretty mom next door
to be funny
she looks really familiar
i wonder if i know her lololol
i dont know why othe rIRC lurkers are allowed
im n ot allowe din trp
haha
Fucking TRP chat
but ive been instructed not to fight with trp irc anymore especially publically
you were banned 
Is the worst
i know im banned
justeatstuff was shamed out of this chat
i was there
lol
AtlasB did you go telling them they were gross betas?
yupo
Hahahaha
i did
Hahahahahhaahaaaa
HAHAHAHAHAHA
im not allowed to do that anymore
that was to be expected
i take it back
the same rules apply to you, I'm sure Anteros would unban you if you agreed to follow the rules 
it was an argument over "only betas hit women"
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43rmpm/cmv_the_idea_that_nice_guys_are_evil_and/czkxjir?context=3
I'm SOOO FUCKING BORED
AtlasB++
enmity why do you sit in here
i deserved to be banned
you never talk
of this argument 
it's annoying
i marched in there and called them all faggots
Atlasb
i can take my lumps
did you keep a pastebin
so we can see
no
damn
I bet it was epic. 
Enmity: tell me about your feelings
too short to be epic
I bet a few tears were shed....and NOT by atlas
i ranted a few lines and got banned
lol
I got banned for my name
lol only betas hit women
ill never stop laughing
i dont think betas hit women
https://www.facebook.com/KittenHoliday/photos/pb.1412209262374745.-2207520000.1454432149./1597417823853887/?type=3&theater
And then when I got banned for changing my name to blowinganteros I got banned forever
oh they do
oh
I don't have feelings. didn't AtlasB tell you, we're all stoic
the beta hit is its own thing
lol
well I never met one 
humor from the stoic!
AtlasB: keeps TRP secrets
bravo
enmity++
hahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGYju3ClCSY  
The beta hit lol
wrong clip
oh my
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjIWLOBTasA
this is like seeing a Swiss Guard break character 
stoic alpha
witzie, I sometimes peek in but you all are way too fast. or at least you post more lines per second. it's not worth the investment to try and discuss. 
so why bother staying around then
I just said
jesus. how slow are the conversations over on TRP?
very
yeah I am just wondering that myself
lolol
only mrp is slower
it's funny with all of the over the top glamour-puss pics she uses how incredibly boring she looks 
it varies but I can usually step away and come back and catch uo
those MRP jabberjaws never STFU on the sub or with their wives
but in their irc its tumbleweeds
it seems like she could take it up a notch
it's like reading MMSL and then seeing how unattractive they are
TRP is very slow
yeh lol
And boring
athol kay look slike a steamed bun
we think fast here
and type fast too
sex for ugly people lol
its all the women
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43rmpm/cmv_the_idea_that_nice_guys_are_evil_and/czkxl39
chat without women is no good I've come to realize
which is why most irc channels are dead
mad typing skills
women keep chat going, yeh
even the britpol type chats
"I've been called an asshole and a shallow dickhead who cares only about looks because I rejected girls or wouldn't date some girl I wasn't attracted to. "
really fizzle
poor pem
dirty extro women
now....who here believes ANYONE has ever gotten mad because Pem turned them down?
who does he choose to hang out with
raise your hand
RMBP we shower
us extro women
Any dude that starts talking in TRP
we are clean
Gets called a faggot
doesn't wash away all those dicks you sucked susan
:)
Til he stops talking
speaking of which..
I dunno dragoness
he seems to hang out with shitty people
yeah blowing roflol
I half believe him
they banned Jack4ss and he's the funniest guy here
personality = faggot
he's a time waste witzie 
Jack4ss is an awesome asset to this irc
^
Jack4ss++
Jack4ss++
you have different goals
Omg steamed bun
oh he's got assets alright 
i just had a steamed bun from the asian market this weekend :)
yeah
having fun, being funny, having a personality is being a time waste
lol dragoness
good thing i didn't read that first
great job 
TRP++
hahaha
because i have no desire to eat him 
fun++
well, not in TRP anyway
stemed buns aren't that great either - kinda bland
dragoness++
Hahahahaha that too.
NO FUN ALLOWED
needs to be in our topic
and this is where I leave your den of clucking hens. good talk
you're a time waste
i like a little fire :)
Don't be mad enmity
cluck cluck
cuck cuck
RedManBearPig++
more like scratching the ground for the next dick
worm, dick
potato
potato
well okay if we stay in the vein of TRP then yes a worm is very comparable to a dick
lol
is she a member of the sub?
RedManBearPig++
so Jack4ss, do you feel loved?
wow, I just had to fresh this page like 18 times
cahoots
I want to thank my followers
that is such a cool word
dont forget to like me on facebook
i doubt it
witize and atlas are now on TRP's shit list over you Jack4ss 
comment, rate, subscribe
probably me too
you better be grateful 
link to your facebook Jack4ss ?
lol
I'll rate and subscribe to your momma  jack4ss
i dont know why they amog so hard
Posturing
they have no allowance for beginners imo
or fun
apparently you have too much personality and wit
waste of time
the thing is, i rarely spoke in TRP chat because people always put me down when i did
I thought TRP was a safespace for men
Arent men just the best?
even the goofy ones
no only for serious ones
Lol
No it wasn't me
Only serious ones who call everyone else fsggot
or is TRP the safespace for stoic alphas
wait
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/43u591/fr_pretend_to_be_a_girl_men_buy_you_stuff/
Yeah dragoness I gotta try that
!!!
where the fuck do I sign!?
witzie, you should pretend to be a girl 
test it out
lol
jack4ss++
dragoness++
ha
oh look a karma chain
"Lessons learned: Don't buy shit for women Don't be that thirsty Remember women have no conscience."
Jack4ss: that's #rude I just white knighted for you man!
thanks
I feel like at some point TRP needs to kick back
I don't get it
how so
they need to take drugs
all the drugs
how the hell do YOU, as a man, go out and get free shit by pretending to be a woman...then conclude "women have no conscience"??
TRP chat isn't active at all
it's just boring
its super boring
then again, this chat has too many women
I lurk in there on occasion
too many women
oh noes
at least this chat is active and funny and interesting
sounds like women are a #win
the only problem I take with that filozof is that we cannot look at them
There are a lot of females here
a room full of women is fine if I can look at them
they mostly talk about field reports and fitness stuff
.females
not sure how many of them are nice to look at
and they regurgitate the same stuff over again
.oppressfemales
all of them filozof
and swear by a few certain methods like a religion
.sex females
??
whats the command for men drok?
.nagmales
.sex males
so there are more men
12 to 8
you're just being flirty now RedManBearPig 
onlihne right now
lol i dont' recognize some of those names drok
my moto is filozof. You won't feel nothing of that butterface when you are fucking them
then again, 80% of the talk is probably women ;)
I am just being obtuse
.sex males add Mashakos
probably filozof  
since men suck at talking apparently
as trp irc proves
how active is the male chat?
I must be female then
#superior or whatever
what would we do without women
#ppdfemales talks all day long
we don't have a malechat
wait, a male chaT?
i dont know nothing
why do you guys have so many channels
lol
see
Not that active
male chat sucks
lol
but yes, it probably wouldnt be too active
don't be shaming us witzie
Lol
don't shame-shame me RedManBearPig 
I don't appreciate being shamed for shaming
lol
im not aware of a male chat, so it doesnt exist
Superior is almost exclusively used for rating women lol
how boring
Well I don't appreciate you shame-shame shaming me
women here have so many channels, #purplepilldebate, #ppdfemales, #rpw
ooh is that what it is for
drok++
lol drok
and they still hog this one
:P
thank you for indulging my curiosirty
cause we like to talk to guys too filozof
We do talk about other stuff
But like I said, not that active
right, you like to tell us we're all insecure betas
We just rate you guys all day long
from time to time
We guess your penis sizes
we usually quote guys from mainchat and make fun of them
or yall just straight up tell us
you dont have to guess in some cases
and other stuff
Yeah we've rated all the ppdfemales
which btw, ew
lol
I wanna see those rankings drok
Yeah Sunhappy lol
me too!!
how do we rate lol
It's been a minute
Yeah show us
But we did a ranking
filozof> right, you like to tell us we're all insecure betas --> who does this?
ppdfemales is going to start a ranking now 
should be entertaining
Haha
tell us the rankings drok
and what is ranked
our rankings are more advanced though
just looks?
Yeah just looks
like RMV rankings, SMV rankings, Whining Levels Rankings
i'd rather not see those rankings
slootiness ranking
We never got that involved
we should probably also rate by amusement levels 
I guess we could
.sex males
this will be helpful
i dont like this, girls
ok, they're doing it
stop it
damn
what should we start with girls
SMV?
oops wrong chat
ROFL
lol
Lol
ohhhhhhhh shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
shots FIRED
11:26 AM <@Sunhappy> rmv for half hte guys in chat wouldn't be worth discussing
11:26 AM <@Sunhappy> it'd be so low
omg
how could youuuuuuuu?
lol
i knew it
lol
Cold blooded
:( :(
Sunhappy++
tell the truth and own it
nah i stand by what i said
but why did you have to say it
Alright
We are redoing it
9:27:06 <@witzie> 11:26 AM <@Sunhappy> rmv for half hte guys in chat wouldn't be worth discussing
Ouch
girls are evil
XD
Dat hypergamy
They are Jack4ss 
careful boys
your ratings are under examination
Like the definition of evil
witzie you can examine me as much as you want
watch what you speak at this critical moment
hahaha
lol omg i have to cover the front desk
dammit
lol
SerNemesis drok started this by saying you rated us all in superior
brb
Should I send dick pics to help with the examination?
lol nem, only if you think it will help
I only said that to witzie susandeath
that wont' be necessary lol
That snitch
you're the only person i've seen here
and mad
And I told her she was at the bottom
drok told us SerNemesis
scroll up
it wasnt witzie
and the other guy you met up at the bar with
SerN you have to send dick pics, but the dick must not be the center of attention
Ooh sunhappywerk is at work
Definitely dick pics
There are so many niche things people can make a fortune in. My colleague is opening up a doggie daycare, set to net about 8K/month. This one atty I use only fights proper taxes for people.
so you need to think of a rvalid  eason to be naked
The economy is so cool and specialized
otherwise it ruins the tingles
Katniss_Granger why aren't you in #ppdfemales
its important
we need to do another pic swap so i can see everyone
is it important? :P 
look, see what happens when women withdraw from mainchat?
chat dies
no its not
proof positive
we are busy lifting weights
lol
getting stuff done
lol
when you're not refining your very own complex rating systems
it doesnt matter the smv rating you give, all it takes is a hard neg and your legs will wobble
there is a doggie daycare on one of those live stream site where you can watch your dog all day if you want 
he's onto us
oh damnit
Ustream.tv
The real question is can I watch someone else's dog since I can't have one of my own?
my legs are already wobbling, dat alpha
he had me at lifting
the getting stuff done did it for me
yes lol they are hilarious
lol
 Have you shared your pic chasingstatues ?
i actually haven't, but i guess it don't matter no more
There is #picswap but you have to share
chasing wher eyou beeen at?
oblivion
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/75th-Paws-Daycare
the game... elder scrolls lol
fuck it, i'll share my pic
that sounds cool
gurl gamer
i just have to be on my phone
Yup, she is putting in cameras for that very reason. Not all have them but it's a great up sell
lol i'm so not a gamer, it's such a nerdy game it's hilarious to me that i like it
guys of ppd
where's the list for us ladies?
yeah we wanna know our ratings so we can claw each others eyes out in a mad fit of jealousy
you girls wont be able to handle it
.sex female
.sex females
oh 
thats a copout
We are redoing it
fucks sake
pandora was here?
thats cheating
Or rehashing it
It will be the same roughly
atlasb, i also watched a radio play by charlie kaufman on youtube called Hope Leaves the Theatre
it's amazing, you have to hear it
You sharing chasingstatues ?
i am pretty confident i know how everyone will rank
Give us your ranking, we will tell you your accuracy
http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/2364472
Drok: I'm trying to pic one now, it's so hard
sunhappywerk: share then
lol nah
i'll wait until the list is reposted
Gah! I did it
chasing
i have a movie for you
oin youtubeb
please for to watch  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MwSwxG3D0M  chasingstatues 
Oh we are really ranking in female chat?
yeah blowing
I've finally got my list finalized
imma watch it atlas, if i can't convince my bf to watch it, i'll watch it over the weekend
yes really
we're going to have to do a composite somehow
i'm tellin you, look into hope leaves the theatre, it's so unique 
best dialogie ever
i will
oooh is the the movie with the scene with the hooker and the priest?
see everyone stops talking
Lol
uyp
we're the heart of PPD
I agree with your rankings witzie
got my list finalised :P
awesome
blowing and dragoness agree with mine
Katniss_Granger, why does your list have the same person in the top 3 slots!? 
lol
roflol
Chasing yes!!!
bet all the guys wonder who that is...
:D
pahaha
I thought I was banned from superior Drok
Atlas, I loved that scene, definitely saving this link
morning beyondthelight 
i mean good afternoon lol
BTL give me money
seriously i've had nothing to eat all day
except popcorn
I need to escape from ze germans
that fat from dinner last night is still at work
super pleased
fuck he got me
Lol
Ok we have a consensus
#1 is SP
#2 is the rest of you
man some of you guys have some serious fangirls 
+++
blowing++
yeah dragoness  lol
*cough* katniss *cough* 
witzie> we should make them do favors for us to learn their position on the list mwahahaha
lol
hehe
i regret nothing
<witzie> we should make them do favors for us to learn their position on the list mwahahaha
i :hear: my #1 
We're essentially voting on witzie's proposition now
drok are yall still working on your revised list?
Yeah we are going like half speed
are we working on a list?
Are you all done already?
sign me up
where is the chatroom
One sec rmbp
Lol some of you guys give "strong-ass school shooter vibes"
Up your game lads
hahaha
ha
pahahaha
It's getting scientifically quantified and discussed
It's a shame see never seen fiat
what should i have for lunch? :(
Goldfish crackers like me
lol
i'm trying to stay away from carbs
Yeah I'm still trying to see fiat
i have homemade minestrone nomnomnom
7:03 PM <witzie> Lol some of you guys give "strong-ass school shooter vibes"
me and arch?
maybe a salad with loads of cheese and bacon
i'm trying hard to stay under 1000 kcal
Uhh
for the day
Don't
or the salad?
cause chees and bacon
1000 for the day?
are plenty calories
also
1200 calories
is more what you need
and you will still lose weight eating that
for the day lol
yeah 1000 is a bit low
the salad would be like 500 kcal
okay, I have to have a wedge salad for lunch now
i'm trying to lose weight Katniss_Granger 
my BMR is 1300
But
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8pNh6LqFh8 lolz
That's like...
Nevermi G
sunhappywerk: I trust you
.help
.sex female
That's a lot of bitches
phew
ranking is hard work
yeah, that was pretty exhausting 
I'm not gonna lie guys, things got pretty intense there for a second. 
Y'all didn't carb load?
It was an unexpected ranking
I wasn't ready 
yeah
I always carb load just in case
Probably why I've plateaued
I thought it was gonna be a little causal exercise. 
I like to keep 5 lbs above goal weight so I always have a project
I....I'm not alone!
xD
lol
alright, i gotta go to class, i'll be back later y'all, i wanna see more pics!
I got to my UGW and was like....."well now wtf do I do??"
omg 
do spartan race!
:D
Oh true chasingstatues
We will share later
We don't fusch
I see potential for a diplomatic trade agreement
our list for yours
lol
Haha
You really want to do this?
We are having a bit of trouble, it's a bit piecemeal because not everyone has seen the same people
i dont trust either of you to actually send the real list
lol
yeah we had that issue
dotn put me on your list i hope
im too old
hey we put old guys on our list
im out of the SMP
but most of us got bored and just went "meh yeah go for it" 
-94847575
Who is old?
TGP, enphuego
<drok> We are having a bit of trouble, it's a bit piecemeal because not everyone has seen the same people
we managed to overcome such hurdles 
Oh
Our list is set I thought
Did you see the post about the uggo that barfed 300 pages worth of lib fem apology garbage for his dissertation about reddit?
http://www.desmoinesregister.com/story/news/elections/presidential/caucus/2016/02/02/some-democratic-precinct-results-unaccounted/79682184/
holy shit
combine that with 6 coinflips
6*.13
or 0.78 shifting to sanders
oh i was just eyeing that post on tbp
OMG
that shifts 1.56 total
but didnt look at the ama
0.78*2
out of 1.8
jesus christ that is close
well actually no
we can only fairly shift half the coin flips to snaders
still so close
don't worry blowing once this blows over i won't be talking about this for another week
lol some random had to volunteer to be the chairman
AHHHHHHH damn - he is not pretty
Did you all just do SMV witzie?
yeah SMV only so far
other stuff is more complicated
what about you guys?
lol
i bet the RMV has pretty high divergence
hey, looks over everything man
dragoness++
idk if you dudes put the toilet seat down or some shit
of course not
it's more efficient not to put it down
How he hell would I know what yalls RMV would be?
Just aim the stream
right
Is it really that hard
Ok, who here would make a good boyfriend and why?
fiat 
let's give them a teaser, a random number 
like 14 or something
yeah fiat would
fiat would not
give them someone dead in the middle witzie 
he doesn't seem to emotionally connect blah blah
hmm
he's scared of commitment and being tied down
doesn't seem the type to fall hard in love
I would not want to date fiat
(no offense, he's a real bro)
BTL would be the best husband
rich and pretty nice
well, duh
and relatively good looking
AND generous 
BTL would be the best everything  
BTL would make a great H
He's really romantic
He's heinous
dragoness Ima tell them 14 since that ones not really active 
14: DoktorBill  
i love how he doesn't describe the sub correctly then moralizes it and points out its "flaws"
lol, works for me
He found a thesaurus and prattled away 
How many people are on your list?
everyone
Oh I forgot about tempy
He does the same with his GG observations
everyone is on our list 
no one escaped our notice 
You haven't seen everyone
except people like fiat who don't share
He's a lib fem wanker
Oh
that mistakes syllables for intelligence
we have 19
how many do you have?
I mean, come on
https://i.imgur.com/R47BqT8.jpg
It's disorganized as fuck, hold on
Even just shaving a little would make him at least not look like a homeless weirdo
they will just throw doctorates to anyone who will see the program to the end
Yes
it's like giving 6yos black beltds
nvm we forgot one, 20 now
I agree
I was great in school - because I knew exactly how to feed them exactly what they wanted to hear
That and the ability to format citations is really all you need
this guy uses the same words over and over in different combinations
i don't think he knows how to use a thesaurus 
He majored in journalism and communications
LOL
hahahahaha
Comm was what every idiot female athlete picked at my school
It was great because they were all extros
and since it's so presentation heavy - they all did really well
10:31:24 <DG69> Just aim the stream
Biology for the people that could memorize
blowing++
you get to sit on the toilet seat if we miss
i wonder how many times he used "neoliberalism"
Yesss!
English for the ones that could write and make up bs
History for the ones that could write, and liked using sources to back up their bs
haha
That was me
I haven't seen firion so maybe
Shit wrong chat
I firmly believe that degrees are not proof of intelligence
lol
Neoliberalism is such a tortured term it practically meaningless
70+ times lol
lol
I think the only thing that's BS proof is math
because you HAVE to get a certain answer
and if you don't know HOW to get there, then you're going to have a bad day
true
no offense taken witzie. It does take me a while to connect to people, and I break things off fast
so where is this lst
came with moving around a lot.
of rated ladies?
I wanna see it
So of everything, I have the most respect for anyone heavily involved with numbers, or even programming - since again, code is a lot like equations and things won't function if there's something wrong
Same
Also
Who has rated us
?
We are missing some input currently
The women
And surgeons 
Like no arch or BTL
no
Ugh
But they have in the past
just ladies have done the rating now
no men in our chat
Which ladies I mean
All of us
I figure, if you can cut someone up and fix them  - you deserve some respect
the cute ones? 
all the ladies
Everyone with a vag
lol
me, blowing, witzie AtlasB, sunhappy, dragoness, DG, Katniss
ets
chasing
Sweetie was in there at one point
what if you are a dude but have a vag
General practitioners can burn in hell
You have man in your name
You can't come in
Nice thing about math is the lie reveals it's immediately. Such as - (in my world) maths which reveal no property maintenance costs
I was just asking for the minority!
I've just heart my housemate coming up the stairs moaning about how she spent 5 on cheese....hard life of a student
Show me your vag RedManBearPig and I'll consider it
I don't have one
Then you have your answer
PhantomDream have you tried those boarded in internal medicine? Or dual naturopath and MD? GPS tend to be those who graduated bottom of the class. And it shows.
did you have a catalogue of our pics?
Yes
we opened our fap files
who was the creeper who saved them?
ok not really
we did it by memory
and general consensus
My file is always open
I am not familiar with any. I just know that I understand my health a lot better than any doctor I've had, and my Nursing friends always seem to know a heck of a lot more than the docs they help
It's scary
and trusting each other if people hadn't seen someone that others had
yeah
we're good at teamwork
I haven't seen firion but was told hes hot
#teamladies
when you start explaining what causes certian conditions to doctors then it's time to find a new one
And you simply ranked right?
Not objective scores
yep
Or if they haven't heard of something
like Hidradenitis Suppurativa
we didnt do a out of 10 ranking
just from hottest to least
1-20
Is that a type of gut flora?
I know there are a lot of different strains etc, and you're the flora guru haha
my gyno was talking to his nurse about these gnarly bumps on the pantyline of a patient
It's a skin condition
I had it too
Oh, no fun
What's the cause?
and so i gave him a name for them and told him that most of the time it's from eating potatoes
They're not sure exactly what causes it.
when he really could have googled the symptoms and it would show right up
For me losing a bunch of weight got rid of it
I had this experience with the obgyn yesterday.
I swear High GI diets cause everything.
i'm certain it is an autoimmune problem
Telling me I needed to lose weight during pregnancy, and that I should do so by getting more protein, such as beans
I was like "u kidding?"
i have a bad reaction to beans
eat a nice steak :)
Beans. Are. Not. A. Protein.
Oh yeah. And she was trying to push low sugar diet, and then suggested I take in a lot of fat free dairy.
I thought weight loss during pregnancy was 100% bad idea? I was on a cut when I found out and strictly ordered to knock it off.
I was like "you know there's sugar in dairy, right? and that the lack of fat to slow it down is just going to spike the shit out of my blood sugar?"
lol the nutrients in milk are fat soluble 
I have zero confidence with docs - particularly where diet is concerned haha
so if you drink fat free milk you are getting zero nutrition from it
Yep
That also
Just ranked
They want the calcium, I believe
Katniss_Granger++
i really only do full fat dairy - like heavy cream 
nom nom nom
yaaay
blowing++
beans aren't protein rich?
then my dentist was saying she didn't understand why some people got tartar and some didn't
my vegetarian/vegan friends eat lots of beans and things to supplement their protein from not eating meat
Ah ok
so i explained that it was biofilms of pathogenic bacteria
she looked at me like i was nuts lolololol
No, beans are a carb if anything.
Beans are "protein rich" if you aren't consuming animal products
If you are, then just about any meat, dairy or egg is better.
They're rich in comparison to nothing, but there are tons of higher protein things to eat with more nutritional value.
Bioavailavility of protein, Sunhappy. Ditto soy and pea. Debunking the food pyramid - vegans are setting the stage for osteoporosis bone demineralization. And a host of other stuff
nuttiness
I miss peas though.
:3
Lol sorry I meant pea protein
i know a lot of old life-long vegs
The only ones I know who have been doing it for longer than just a few years are overweight with thin hair.
and they all are nutty and have weird facial ticks
Vegetarians, not vegans, right Tempy?
yeah, overweight too
yes vegetarians
I saw something on FB today about "shocking things that contain animal products that every vegan needs to know!" and gelatin was on there. Like... no shit gelatin has animal products, and if you're a vegan you should know that -_-
the vegans decline so quickly that they aren't vegan long
I'm proud of us. height and income only came up like once
Hypergamous sloooooots FTW
:P
when did income come up?
#TRPdisproved
I remember height
The hair is the first thing to go
I can't tell where I'm posting anymore
i say if you are going vegetarian you should eat a ton of eggs, butter, dairy, etc
we were talking about Junior Moneybags
eat as many vegetarian animal products as possible and stay away from soy products
A.K.A #1 #2 and #3 in my list :P
BeyondTheLight's money didn't come up?
lol Katniss_Granger 
and i'll sit over here and have my nice steak :)
dragoness: btl's money?
I wouldn't husband BTL for the money, I would for the romance
yes first mate obvious 
There isn't science to support it as a health benefit. That's what gets me. Any benefits are due to increased vegetable intake, which with a ominvorous diet, would produce far better results
^ 
And the superior cooking skills
see what  did there?
I'm picking up what you're putting down
a lot of veggies hurt me
<333
Ibs?
like i get Hidradenitis Suppurativa when i eat potatoes

nightshades hurt my joints
Oh interesting.
beans and legumes etc hurt
im old though
LOL you are not
Beans and legumes make me feel bloated for days but I'm pretty okay with nightshades
beans and legumes just make me fart too much
when i eat meat, fat and root veggies like garlic and onions i feel great
all of my no thx
yeah he also cooks
he's a little too talkative thats all
other than that, prime husband
mushrooms too yum
for real
.seen beyondthelight
Chatty goddamn Cathy 
I think the next trend will be blood / genetic mapping for food. That'd be cool
but rich and beautiful nonetheless 
crucerferous veggies make me fart like nothing else
My boss did that. It was intense.
and my belly rumble
The doctor did bloodwork and then gave her a list of red, yellow and green light foods that reacted well or not so well with her body.
and he has a cute accent
so irl the chatiness wouldnt be as bad
I've never heard it!! 
so i eat root things, mushrooms, white rice (cooked and cooled for RS), lots of saturated fat, and meat
I like chatty
Talking soothes me
I got teh ASMR so, I'm the same way
oh and bread seems fine weirdly enough but it's almost always sourdough
depending on the speaker 
ASMR
?
Btl could talk to me all day long
Payton: did it have a name?....Tempy replace rice with quinoa and that's DH'S diet. Lost 50lbs and eliminated his Ibs
he could just look at me all day long and im good
filozof: has a good voice
I don't know- I'm sure it did, but I don't know what it was.
Yes he does
Did you know BTL secretly has green eyes?
but i pay attention to my gut flora, which is where you get most of your nutrients anyway
I did know that!
He's so weird
So weird
That he would hide that
Like why hide that?
auto sensory meridian response blowing 
Everybody wants green eyes
JINXXXX
They're like
The best kind
*Autonomous
I have green eyes
yeah, BTL's natural eyes are glorious 
Why is roosh organizing meetups?
lol
dragoness: fancy!
yall still fawning over BTL?
I lived on Red Bull and gas station food for years while my metabolism was lightning speed. Never had to pay attention to food until all of a sudden I did. It's funny once you start paying attention to your body how you realize the effects of how the junk you were eating before made you feel, even though you never noticed.
Yes
lol
look....okay...
get back to twerk, sunhappywerk
They are haha
why is SexyMcSexington up in here???
wait
this isn't ppdfemales :O
>_<
hhahah
I have my own # 1 for which I will never reveal
hahahahahaha
SHIT MAIN CHAT
I have mine too blowing 
i'll look into quinoa but it just sounds like another fad food
I unreasonably comforted by the fact that NO ONE else rated him
He's all yours!!!!!! 
preselection my fucking eye
Tempy how do you monitor your flora?
lol
BTL's real eyes are the most gorgeous thing int he world
i think i've revealed my #1 like a billion times 
we havent seen him dragoness
i don't although there are tests
like hazel, emerald pools
Say your #1 guys!!!
i just use the weed, seed, and feed method
My #1 was mentioned 
dragoness and blowing
No wai
#1?
yes, reveal them here!
The hottest guy in chat
it's interesting, all the guys seem to have the same #1
but with women its different
what's the guys #1?
yep
proof that female sexuality is more diverse
as if we didnt know that
I guess we need SMs input too
ooooh that IS interesting
Oic gotcha. As in your blog.
weed with bragg vinegar and occasional keto, seed with soil based probiotics, and feed with prebiotics
you all just agreed on the same #1?
Quinoa is pretty tasty
Yeah I'm gonna need to see that guy list
idk about its nutritional value, but it's yum
Eh if not #1 close
#1: sloots #2: not-sloots
We all agreed on SP
me too
being #1
I want to see this list
I wouldn't want to know lol
By TRP logic the highest rank should be a Virgin
I am very curious
lol blowing 
I am not really concerned
yeah, I wouldn't either annakmk 
Or would that be RMV
My RMV is -10
virgins rank top on any list, apparently 
main chat dragoness
Do you or your hub weed after drinking or splurging? I find DH doesn't feel right for days after a splurge.
my RMV is pretty good
N count 1
parents still together
Religious?
they are
not me
Hmm
you seem like you'd be religious witzie
and prebiotics have a lot of variety: resistant starch, pectin, inulin, etc
I thought you were a real muslem witzie
witzie is a real musselman
yeah, witzie's RMV is imo legit like the highest 
oh true I switched teams
to #TeamMuslim
i usually weed in the morning if i'm doing bragg
my RMV is obviously the highest
i keto if my jeans get tight :)
i am canadian, and have poutine
that's a real muslem gurl. Where is your niqab you would look so much hotter while wearing one
Hahaha!
Question, does someone RMV tank if they are in a relationship, or is it like SMV where it's independent.
it goes higher
higher
yep higher
RMV is for if you're theoretically not in a relationship
i'm not a big fan of extended keto
yeah
for a man
and were available
thats how I thought it
if a woman has to many, it goes lower
i don't think it's really very good for you
Higher? But a chick in a relationship should have a low RMV since if she can be nipped she is low RMV?
but my RMV is even higher to SP than it would if I became single
since he got me at N count zero
ground zero!
an married man gets like 1-2 extra RMV points
it feels great at first though when you turn into a fat burner and eat yourself hahaha
Yeah you know his junk works.
Hahahahaha exactly, that's why people love it
Lol
There was this perfect quote in that movie about a married man in that movie with Leo dicaprio, mat Damon and jack Nicholson, the departed?
that's why vegans feel euphoric at first
love that movie
they are consuming scads of animal fat :)
you better bring us that quote
Shhh don't tell them!
(real vegans - not junk food vegans)
SUGAR IS VEGAN!!!! NOM NOM NOM
Ellerby: Marriage is an important part of advancing in your career. When you are married, people know you are not homosexual. A married man seems more stable. People see the wedding ring and they think, "At least somebody likes this man." When ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some money, and your penis must work.
I see a divorced guy as failed tho
Not higher RMV
Like he's defective somehow
yeah, i kind of feel that way too
that's pretty harsh
lol
they failed in some way. not a great indicator 
I was glad J got dovroced
I'd been leery of a divorced guy, yeah
:)
that said, R is wonderful <3
That's exactly what's attractive about married men IMO.
cause now I have hiim
susandeath++
what if it was completely her fault?
I'm sure my opinion could change tho Architect
that's a silly feeling
he choose a bad first mate
Maybe it is but it's how I feel
*chose 
she chooses a bad captain
dragoness++
so they are equally bad
A married man is more stable because he's tied down. He can't afford to be as impulsive. He has dependents. 
if your going to say the are bad
also preselection
so then...they're both failures 
ok
Married men are impulsive all the time
some other lady thought he was worth tying down
That's crap
at this stage of my life
plus it's incredibly awkward being around other upper class people when you're the only single one
I would be more wary of a man who had never been married
I have bottle green eyes
and this is why I might avoid marriage
than one who got divorced
preselection doesn't really factor in when we're talking about divorced men
I mean an unmarried man in his later 30s to early 40s
red flag!
Married men being less impulsive or more responsible is bullshit
Yeah fiat that too. That's why I would never elect a bachelor president. They need to have some stake in the future.
it's one thing that's noticeably easier on me when i go to parties/events
how can not getting married be a redflag
women are insane
when you are that age
Architects are insane
!!!!!!
it actually is though 
ist just a thing for me
2:29 PM <Architect> how can not getting married be a redflag
I see a lot of young, healthy people with fertility issues that stem from veganism or ultra low calories, like 1000/day. Some fix it, others are militant about it
Architect, it's a red flag to the UMC+
Fiat you're married?
no i'm not. but i used to be "single"
I look at 40yr old nevermarrieds as failures 
umc?
wouldn't him being single be it
Not any one Architect in particular though
Just all of them
40 year old nevermarried men in my book
In general
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/ottawa/return-of-kings-not-welcome-in-ottawa-jim-watson-tweets-1.3429956 oh boy.
are gay
blowing++
Lol
that's how it was in SC
35 never married screams commitment issues
could be sunhappy
Well not never married
lol, for real sunhappywerk 
or something else
in DC, they usually had a LTR of like 7-8 years, that ended in their 30s
Like never In a serious relationship
and now they're just fucking bitches for sport cuz they have money
what happened to "alphas don't get married because tehy don't have to"
sunhappywerk: yeah
and they won't remarry until mid 40s or so
or tied to mommas apron strings
yes, "brute alphas"
Architect
not looking for those kinds of "alphas" 
high society = high betas
we dont all want to date alpahs
if anything, you people should be saying 40yr old unmarried men are either alphas or deep omega
thats the thing
Kids lower RMV too for me
right susandeath 
high betas don't exactly look fondly at rakes
The MAYOR?!
like lindsey graham?
we keep saying this
Rakes?
same blowing 
unmarried in the good ol south?
yep fiat
gay as the live long day
rakes, blowing, cads
haha
"chads"
http://www.buzzfeed.com/robstott/whats-the-roosh#.ugDQoX8K3
blowing old timey word for playa
Gotcha
you should read some georgette heyer
why would kids lower the RMV of a man?
or did you mean for you personally blowing ?
for me they would cause I dont want kids
Personally sunhappywerk
ah
okay
.sex females
Well kids mean he has other responsibilities
it lowers it for me personally too, tbh
yeah i dont' think it lowers it for a man
I dont think in general 
unless he's not available to them
fiat: sure, but the context these women are talking in is the context of "failure"
If i never hear about the UMC again it'll be too soon
and for a woman who wants kids
rofl
alphas aren't failures
could be fine
idk why everyone here is talking about UMC
That are more important to you, same as with single mothers. But it's not a total deal breaker.
what class is the bulk of PPD in?
I think I'll probably feel less strongly about it as I age however
sunhappywerk++
pleb
Architect: failure always comes with context
I want a 40 year old never married man to emerge from the jungle one day.....
a happily single guy traveling the world failed in some ways and succeeded in others
if you live in cali and have AMI of like 70k, you still aren't "UMC" for that area
nope
I think Roosh has lost his shit
With this "legalized rape" stuff
UMC in the bay area is well over six figures
if you live in bumfuck arkansas then sure
IDGAF about the UMC
He's gone off the deep end
fiat: yet you wouldn't call that guy a "failure at life"; he chose a different path to the norm because he enjoys it, and you'd probably leave it at that
me either blowing
I can't think of anywhere in socal where 70k would put you in the UMC category 
in many areas here like where i live, MEDIAN is over 120k
70k is lower i think
in DC, middle class is 100k
to raise a single child
Yep sunhappywerk
you are broke if you make under 40kl
if every country bans him he will have to start writing Bang Zambia or something
When we lived in DC holy shit
Rent for a townhouse was $2500/month in BFE
i don't are about holistic assessments like "failure at life"
Bang Louisiana 
that seems almost moralstic
lol
WELCOME TO LEESBURG!
*don't care
Bang Montana
failure is always contextual and specific to me
failure as a potential prospect then 
girl yes
my rent is 1390
for a fucking 450 sq ft studio
leesburg? off 66?
ewwww
that area....so bougie. lots of rich folk though yeah
Yep.
people sometimes ask me why I live in the ghetto and it's like....
Yep sunhappywerk fucking hill country LEESBURG
I don't have a choice!! 
aww
He's as out of touch with reality as he accuses women and feminism of being, now.
Now my phone autocorrects it capital out of anger lol
well, I could be living in a much nicer area but NOT by myself 
yeah
he's not a failure at life, Architect. it's just awkward for UMC+ when a guy is one of the few single guys around
people will wonder
i mean it's possible if you were busy, you can use it as an excuse
When contacted by BuzzFeed News for comment, Valizadeh replied, lick my balls.
i was legit busy so people left me alone
I do appreciate this tho
lolol
it's like he had to keep taking everything to the next level and now the shark is jumping him
hahahahaha
I think you guys are putting more thought into this than most people. I don't think being married means anything tomost people
but at a certain point the excuses run out
yeah i can't live in the ghetto
the thing is, most guys who make it to that age and remain unmarried haven't done so by choice or because they were leading such exciting lives 
i'm not built for it!
The shark is jumping him! Lmao
1:38 PM <Architect> I think you guys are putting more thought into this than most people. I don't think being married means 
no it definitely does
to most people
having an LTR is social proof obviously, but not having one doesn't mean no one likes you or something
the internet is an anomaly
in DC, to advance as a man
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43vbu9/is_it_wrong_for_a_woman_to_expect_a_man_to_be/czlbnse
you kidn of have to get married
by 40, if you're not married
why promote you?
you don't "need" the extra money! lol
I'm curious to know how well that philosophy serves her in a professional atmosphere
guys who get married at 33-35, suddenly get that talk with teh CEO about being partner or something in a few years
if you're good at your job, you get promoted, else you take your skills someplace else, it seems to me
<sunhappywerk> yeah i can't live in the ghetto
See, I live in a...nicer ghetto. Its a far cry from Compton...but it's an equally far cry from Beverly Hills...if that makes any sense. 
Where's the list drok
all men in senior positions are married usually. or divorced. but they were once married 
yes
I've worked with antagonistic and suspicious clients before, they immediately mistrust my motivations because they've had horrible experiences in the past and they're frustrated
list
eh, she's a butterface
lol nicer ghetto
sorry not this chat
:O
Lol filozof
:D
Making it happen blowing
dragoness: i lived in a nicer ghetto and that was too much!
the hood >> the ghetto
haha
Sitting in a meeting, walking them through the process and explaining potential solutions is far from pleasant when the person across the table is glaring at you and only responds curtly to suggestions
its the kind of area that's relatively low crime, but my neighbors are ghetto 
like they moved from the hood and this is their version of having "made it" in life
Neighbors can be ghetto anywhere
truee
wait now
the hood
is way better
than the ghetto
but the only choice is to be as pleasant and neutral as possible. I know that when I complete the project and present them with the final product, they're going to be happy. Especially once they realize that they don't have to deal with all the headaches anymore, and I'll just be handling everything
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43pnzm/in_this_situation_would_you_believe_your_so/czjxwgm I pulled a Roosh.
the hood is just where poor and minority folk reside, they know each other, lots of love and community
when I hear "the hood" I imagine...Watts
the ghetto ain't like that :O
the ghetto is like
you park in front of your house
and the wheels are gone
the ghetto is dangerous
i think there is an element of inertia
"tradition" 
see okay, I think we're describing the same things but in the reverse 
lol
UMC is generally conservative
HAHA, I saw your first response yesterday Lifter
maybe the terms are diff in cali
yall do use funny words
like freeway
if most people are married, 
haha
hahahahahahaha
And I like this reply
people will wonder what an eligible bachelor is doing
so are we publishing ranks yet?
why he isn't married
the default assumption is that he's a rake if he's single
It's an ongoing point of contention between my captain and I that I haven't yet drugged you and delivered you to him to be dicked to death, Wombat. HOW BOUT DEM APPLES?
the hell is a rake?
i mean, he's decent looking, makes good money... what is his problem?
it's an all purpose comeback
rake = cad = "chad"
a womanizer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rake_(character)
a historic term applied to a man who is habituated to immoral conduct, particularly womanising. Often a rake was also prodigal who wasted his (usually inherited) fortune on gambling, wine, women and song, incurring lavish debts in the process. Comparable terms are "libertine" and "debauchee."
Yep.
I could try to say something intelligent in response
But I know her too well
www.gurl.com/2013/06/05/tips-how-to-deal-regret-after-sex/
seems to accurately describe the TRP alpha
this gurl place is AWFUL
lol
so attractive :/
They forgot to include "tell everyone he actually raped you"
They left out "accuse him of rape"
it's for women 17 and under
lolol
Haha lifterofthings 
Affluenza
Why are bitches having hookups under age 17?
Good lord.
I guess we will publish soon
dont get me wrong, I personally have nothing wrong with those people, Architect . i respect them on certain facets
i read this one article on there
and this chick was complaining about men that she picks up at bars
but they are seen as less stable/dependable for a reason
how disrespectful they are
yay drok
you think when rpers in TRP the sub talk about putting yourself first and not being beholden to ANYONE, woman or company, people don't pick up on that attitude?
how they want sex their way with no thought of her wants
Alphluenza
employers don't see the correlations? ofc they do
DG69++
how they show up 2 nights later with firends in tow for a gang bang etc
it was this big rant 
Hehe
fiat: right, I mean, I don't agree witht he premise of that attitude, so i'd agree there
"why can't random men I pick up be sweet and have my best interests at heart?
Because you are literally scum floating on the gene pool.
Feminism wants to fix men
yeah
While young women are still doing this shit
i can't even imagine any man i've been with expecting me to have a gang bang with his friends
No kidding!
or it even entering his mind lol
Eeeeyup.
so glad i was safely married years before internet porn was a going concern lol
I didn't, and I still haven't encountered expectations of gangbangs.
hahahaha true
drok
list please
We are still working on it
We were bullshitting before
But actively working on it now
this is getting sad
hahahahaa
sad, or ...
actually, i can't think of a joke
dragoness -1
it is odd
oh man
that sucks
I am gona sleep soon
susandeath -1 point
I wish I could send Xemnas to hang out with my bf for a few months. He totally needs some kind of normal human guidance.
and I am sooo curious
yeah he seems like a good sort - super confused and damaged but a good sort
A guy I dated had a curiosity to cuckolding
we will add the list to the terms of chat
lol
thanks
lol
how many guys are working on it?
I said " Omg! I'm dating a cuck!"
And he justified it...
a team of 20 post-docs
Apparently the media tells guys that ultimately the cuck had the control
As weird and broken as most of the men I've dated have been, none of them wanted to share.
it's weird how bikers will share women - probably not women they care about though
Bc they have veto power
Sorry, slow typing.. Phone
Do you think it would turn a guy on to see his so being banged by another dude?
Some dudes, I'm sure.
It'd probably make most men consider a double homicide
yeah
<Jack4ss> dragoness -1
WELL!
two can play that game
Is that like ultimate dread
we are reviewing the document as we speak
idk what the appeal is, tbh. Unless the dude's hardcore sub/masochistic.
This is how I picture #superior right now https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/m8PNvKTo/IMG_1785.JPG
lol
and humiliation is a turn-on
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Ot19tNY9/IMG_1786.JPG
then theres the bdsm thing where it is the "ultimate dominance" to lend your woman out
I wonder too, if with the proliferation of porn, that to alot of men, it's not "real"
lol
hahaha blowing 
although i'm skeptical 
rofl
i wish we looked as good as that
its a mess over here
I know! How  the hell does that work?
haha, blowing. that would be me if I was participating. 
I like how we ladies are so efficient and organized 
i take objective ratings seriously!
Like she's property?
Predicated on the notion that women don't actually want to bang?
probably?
meanwhile they keep telling us we can't agree on anything and our ratings scales are too complex 
Like "i can make her do this disgusting thing she hates doing"
I'm so dominant that i made her screw my friend
my study guide book has arrived in the post!!
lolol those pics
What I don't get are the chicks who are trying to work on their jealousy in poly relationships.  Why not stop doing poly since it makes you jealous?
thats totally it
pfft, we've been done for like 2hrs now. we're trading recipes at this point 
yeah
we never said our rating scales are simple
people are weird
we are very calculated
I think most of them don't have a choice, kitten.
"men are easy to please!"
we are just going over the math 
they want a particular man
we've literally spent hours amongst ourself arguing over objective ratingssystems
But he won't be monogamous
in the past
yup
So they're trying to make the best of it
"men mostly agree"
Fiat https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/vwZvDtRp/IMG_1787.JPG
hahaha
ha
hahaha
dragoness++
not even ratings themselves, but the exact systems and methodologies
Bc they're femininists, and they are above it. They can fuck like guys too, duh!
the math behind them
Yeah
hahaha 
blowing++
It is more the math behind them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKorP55Aqvg
its like this
they got an expert
we arent joking
Is that from the "expert" clip?
Maybe.  I couldn't handle that.  There would be fights.
Oh haha
Beat me to it
we have our calculators out
of course, it's not as often now, because TheGreasyPole is not here
because the rest of us *mostly* agree
.seem TheGreasyPole
.seen TheGreasyPole
seem?
it's mostly that Prole Greasy Pole that had his own flat system
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/g1NiXt0h/o.37125.jpg
Hah that too lifter. When I was on okc all the super hot guys were in an open relationship
SerNemesis
lol
I love that sketch
Lol
All of the = bang/wouldn't bang
yeah - i don't know - it think i would just go snag another guy
That*
lolol
I do have to say 
i could do it if the women were submissive to me
Of course
"The Would Bang Theory" 
the flat system would do wonders for most of ya'll men's ratings
i could work with a slave
if we did it straight off the 22 guys rated 
what? how is TGP 3 weeks away
she could clean my house 
there'd be like 2 10s, 2 9s, 2 8s, etc
he was here just a few days ago
to catch up
I bet the bot wasn't online fiat
ah right, witzie 
damn, i need to become a dominatrix 
Then gtfo
A non-sexual one, maybe.  I get the rage just thinking of him with someone else.
whats the flat system
i could be a dominatrix for lesbians
percentile
they don't do sex right?
They don't have to
10 = top 10th (90th percentile), 9 = P80, 8 = P70, etc
they just give permission to masturbate right?
Nah, then the guy wants to try and turn them to the dark side.
You could make $$$$
that's flat. No one uses it irl
Haha Tempy that would be kind of fun! I don't think they have to give permission to masturbate, either
and my house would be clean!!!!!!
oh ok
i see
like grading on a curve kinda
this is like fucking day trading
this is getting serious
Better go latex shopping
hahahaha
lol
we need a shill in the boys chat
anyone want to rat to me?
I met a 76 YO domme the other day.  Little old lady using a walker.  
you don't trust them, witzie?
no I just want to snoop
they're about to finish soon anyway. Hold your ovaries
dang!
tbh, we got so bored in the girl's chat we started trading nudes of each other. 
^dirty
architect anything i can do to move up in your rankings ;)
so....I mean, first guy to snitch gets full access 
lol dragoness
I went to a bdsm fair last year, the dommes did NOT resemble cat woman or anything hot
DG69: lol, I'm a reasonable man... **
It's true.  Yet people still flock to them.
dragoness++
nudge nudge wink wink, say no more, say no more
lol
Bdsm community is full of uggos
snitches get stitches in boy chat
althoguh i have learned a lot of juicy opinions
muahahha
meanwhile 
There are so many really, really fat people!
snitches get bitches in girl chat
^^^^
maybe they need the extra oomph because they aren't screwing someone attractive 
Just fat chicks squished into corsets, bc that's the one article of clothing that gives them back their waist
yikes - like burlesque 
put some clothes on!!!!
dragoness++
that was good
lol
dragoness++
at least burlesque around here - large older ladies in teeny clothes
ty
maybe in big cities they are thin lol
Haha it's the same way here, Tempy. But I'm actually debuting in burlesque at the end of the month. One of the few thin women, it seems.
Nah they're meaty everywhere
you're unbanned Architect 
But bdsm has grotesque women
come back
is sardonis the new proto?
^^^^^
why have I been comparing the two mentally for the past week or so!?
I think it's the whole BBW BDSM thing.  That gives them all kinds of validation.
who is sardonis
i've led a sheltered life lol
he also kind of reminds me of nomdeplume
griddy: link?
a wee bit
they all got that old dad talk 
but sardonis has his shit together more so than nom imo
They're always saying things like "the more ass to slap, the better".
Who is Sardonis?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTxhK6KYFfg me after i see the list
And they're all feminists, so far shaming is a no no
PPD poster blowing 
from the sub
Ew
https://www.reddit.com/user/sardonis70
Another dad talker?
yeah, twice married, once divorced RPer
DG69: true nomdeplume too
but sardonis is more
What song are you performing to, Payton ?
"I am Patriarch. Hear me RAWR"
where as nomdeplume has fucked 100s of women
and at one point had a open marriage
okay not 100s
yeah
but up to 100
Also I dont get nomdeplume
isn't the whole TRP thing
https://www.reddit.com/user/sardonis
teehee
what sardonis are you talking about
cuz this doesn't seem to be him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAGuKkf5pQU
"Any man who opens his marriage is setting himself up for failure because his wife will get more dick than he will pussy"
Per K's recommendation :)
however nomdeplume
seems to have attracted plenty strange during his open marriage days
yet he isn't "alpa" enough for his wife
it's interesting
huh
i actually never knew all that
that he had an openh marriage
I can't with another condescending patriarch
sardonis70's account is 1 mo old
before proto left
haha
People have alts fiat
Especially troll people
I think nomdeplume is on TRP
yes, but it just makes it slightly less likely
DG69: yeah he had an open marriage
cause his wife is disappointed
he lost his job
lol witzie at that sardonis
susandeath: right
and she is primary breadwinner
and she resents him for it
eyebrows - you cant see with them
so he went looking for things to make it better
i just found it interesting that it's a bit diff than the TRP open marriage narrative
yes it is
nom did pretty well for himself
fiat: you're right Protopill is posting under himself about investing today
he just cant keep a job
he's failing the beta provider ish
I quite like nomdeplume
me too
fiat: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/43ti1k/stop_putting_money_into_women_and_start_putting/czl88i1
I hope he can get his marriage turned around
see thats not bad advice
from a ghost
susandeath: me too
I like nom too
anyone who wants chat logs of boychat can PM me. I'm selling them for $50 a pop
traitor
lool
Great song. Perfect for burlesque
No ones PMed me with or for gossip and I'm offended
Lol
what kind of gossip did you want to be PM'ed?
you are the queen of gossip this week
It's kind of symbolic for me. The first time I ever heard this song, K posted it on his facebook with a <3 and I got really jealous. The first time I'd ever been jealous over him. I was also not a grade A girlfriend, not self confident, and unsure of what I needed to be doing. So this performance for me is kind of a way to say I embrace the negatie things of
my past, but I'm busting out of that shell for good.
she is the queen of gossip every week
ill pm you gossip blowing
btw ladies we are putting all your pics into a database for our ogling pleasure
Weeeeee
I'll trade the position of any guy you want for the logs Architect  
so you can be like
"switch me positions with drok" 
LOL
hey griddy <3
but for all you know drok could be at the total bottom
Lol
so it's a gamble
but then it's not reeaalll
Drok is a power bottom
you are quite the topic of conversation though witzie  ;) I think you should pay the 50
I'll trade you the conversation we had over you
for the conversation you had over me
hahahah
that's probably like 1 line
hey sun !
"lets totally trade!"
drok tops from the bottom
Lol
male honor and stoicism, architect
Topping from the bottom
don't fall for witzie's temptations
I'm daft, why did he post a <3?
fiat: hahahah, oh right. Ok, price increased to $55
Hah because he has always had a mini crush on Devil Doll :P
Ah
.. beaten by male machiavellianism
sneak peak Architect 
sms can you put all your pics into a database for our ogling pleasure
thx
2:15 PM <@witzie> Architect gets points for his voice
2:15 PM <@blowing> That time he posted his voice was pretty hot
ahahahahhahah
"boychat"
sounds... GHEY
SNEAK PEAK...
did no one else say this?
like a chatroom on a secret rainbow
:)
Celebrity crushes can drive women nuts too!
I got long bangs when my so had the hots for silk spectre lol
Not as ghey as #boycrush
here it comes..
Haha, aw! 
I stole #boycrush
2:30 PM <@drok> Witzie is cute
OMG
shocking
And I'm discussing you all in there
Celebrity crushes can drive men nuts too! 
omg drok <3 witzie
You'll have to fight buartha for it blowing
lol
For sure! 
I'm ops there drok
my bf never seems jealous of anything. Maybe he hides it well
Well, I shouldn't say that.
.vouch pj
I asked him if an old acquaintance (male) of mine could stay with us briefly while he tried to get himself established in our city
bf said yes but didn't seem too happy about it
Hey PJ
I didn't address it. I figured he'd get over it when he met the guy. The guy was sort of one of the most physically revolting people I've ever met.
Sure enough
Wtf
He took one look at the dude and all trepidation evaporated. lol
Hmmm
I thought I fixed that
Oh well
witzie++
aww man
drok, dont you wanna refresh my karma thingy?
Witzie--
think of all the things I could say to the girls
Cheater
"I'm safe"
lol
The bot is malfunctioning somehow PJ
the mena re taking way longer at this than we should
we should be setting an example for decisiveness and leadership
our official rating is up 
in our topic
our chat is not private
this bot
is crazy
or
it's a sign
name of purplepillwomen thing?
#ppdfeemales
noo
#ppdfemales
only one e
I feel like every time a guy comes into our chat it means the boy's chat is that much less productive 
Kudos to whoever made that list
Lol witzie made it
we do have a real list too
drok
where is your list
I am baby name hunting.
where are we gna post the list
We are almost done
Thor
my coworker is naming her baby Sawyer
What kind of names do you like?
lifterofthings do you know if its a boy or girl yet?
you started this whole thing by saying you had a lidt'
*list
I think Archer is the frontrunner if it's a boy. 
we just making sure the font and styles are right
and you have been almost done for HOURS
I (mostly ironicly) love the name Rayquan but H has vetoed it haha
and table alignment
I don't know yet. Feb 16th, hopefully.
dont rush art
We both like Cassia and Adalaine for a girl.
pretty
by the time you post the list
I like Harper and Wren as well.
I always liked Callista 
PPDBot: damn
all the younger women will be post wall
and you will have to make a new one
I like Quentin for a girl 
I waited on a woman named Fallon
Fallon's pretty.
Everyone seems to think it's a girl.
Since it's got a high heart rate.
idk though. I kinda have a feeling it's a boy. No reason, just a hunch.
I'm pretty shocked no one's snitched yet. 
cant workout who i fancy more, witzie or SP?
Ohhh,  I love baby name talk
I've waited on a Xerces
Any acne?
That can point to it being a boy is what I've heard\
i still say a good strong name like Thor
Nope.
FYI for the undecided...witzie has 365 matching bra and panty sets
I had some acne before, and it went away.
really
...and we've seen them all
then....one wont go a miss will it?
If we had any sort of viking-type heritage, we'd probably be naming it Thor or something like that :p
We don't tho
see
even the bot's spazzing out over witz
He wanted Gaius or Caesar. lol.
Lol
I don't -really- like either of those.
Alright
we are just fixing formatting
Fucking bot
"formatting" 
.reload
good grief you spergs
Fuck
.reload
ppdbot you are a creep you knwo that?
the bot is messing with you now drok
well i might have been teasing :)
Omg
.msg #purplepilldebate say give us the list men
I'm going to kill it
Cesar sounds too hispanic
Cyrus is nice
the bot is protesting the boy's failure to produce a list by now
thats right
He suggested Ragnar, too.
From the Vikings show :p
:D
I need a noncompliance fix
I was like "STOP TRYING TO GET OUR KID BEAT UP PLZ"
do you have any premonitions one way or the other for boy vs girl?
I feel it's a boy.
But all the old wives' tales are pointing to girl atm.
god damn python
there was one blogger who tried it w/o oil and she still got results lo_andbehold but i think that using castor oil gave me even more results
I don't think it's on your end 
and its fucking indents
I think it is on quakenets end 
i had one command
exactly have two additional spaces in it
fucked the whole thing up
now the bot knows what its doing
damn syntactically relevant whitespace! 
whoops
lol
.vouch pj
oh
just an asshole
.reload
yeah I'd probably need to wash it
do you just rub the oil on your scalp or all through the hair?
quakenet somehow isn't registering my masks 
until I reload the channel 
what type is your hair Camille ?
.reload
I could probably get away without washing it after.
just the scalp in my case witzie  
i have thick, straight hair that is low porosity and dry 
My hair frizzes out easily, so it desperately needs some oil.
its cherokee hair i believe
are you cherokee?
I barely even have a drop of Cherokee in my blood.
Random question, if she's on FFA, why in the world is she even talking about her relationship?
yep like 12% Cake 
cool
"I have no sense of style, here's what I'm going for - what do?"
PhantomDream, because people want easy answers to their issues
so they say that the issue is fashion when really it's their relationship
 /personality
Fashion doesn't fix stupid
or crazy
PhantomDream> Random question, if she's on FFA, why in the world is she even talking about her relationship?
I thought that was weird too
lol, bot is mean today.
really unnecessary
I didn't notice it was on FFA initially
that's women for ya
if shes always arguing w/ her bf about her style she probably posted specifically to get the you go girl message she recieved
wanted validation that she was in the right 
yep.
I still want to know exactly what he was saying....because no way "I think you'd look hot in X" starts a fight
Also, I wonder if he's fit
lol Camille  I googled cherokee hair
My guess is no, esp if she was fat
https://www.google.com/search?q=cherokee+hair+tampons&espv=2&biw=1366&bih=667&source=lnms&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjs1YStu9rKAhWCJCYKHWi4BcIQ_AUIBigA&dpr=1
oh my
argh
this one
https://www.google.com/search?q=cherokee+hair+tampons&espv=2&biw=1366&bih=667&source=lnms&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjs1YStu9rKAhWCJCYKHWi4BcIQ_AUIBigA&dpr=1#q=cherokee+hair+
haha what witzie
I didn't know the tampons were at hing
but all the results said it
I was so surprised haha
lol I forgot about those.
I haven't seen that show
me niether
but thats funny
planejane is a piece of shit
leave her to reject ally
alley
https://www.reddit.com/r/prochoice/comments/43wt9t/question_what_do_you_think_the_max_abortion/
holy shit top comment
https://www.reddit.com/r/prochoice/comments/43wt9t/question_what_do_you_think_the_max_abortion/
wow top comment
goodness.
I think 24 weeks is just fine. but with exceptions for conditions incompatible with life.
which occur VERY infreqently after that point
24 weeks is so late 
babies have survived from 21 weeks
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/Premature_infant_with_ventilator.jpg
maybe 21 would be better
thats the 21 week baby
What are the rates of survival?
at 21, 0-10%
at 24, ~50%
It looks like it's ~50%, yeah.
in the USA, pretty much none occur after 20 weeks. in the UK, very few occur after 20 weeks, and none after 24.
watchooup2 witz
 according to CDC, only 1.4%  of abortions occured at more than 21 weeks
Hmm.
and given as very few providers will do that, it seems likely that's for serious abnormalities.
(I find this stuff really interesting, sorry)
I mean, it's reasonable to look into the viability of the fetus at any given time.
Makes it harder when survival rates vary from fetus to fetus, though.
http://abortionclinics.com/clinic-category/late-abortion-clinic/  so there are 18 providers for abortion after 22 weeks in the usa
Only 18?
after 22 weeks, seems like it
they're incredibly infrequent.
One of those looks super shady.
i imagine several are.
I mean, one of them just has a terrible-looking banner with a site that doesn't sound remotely reputable.
seems like they mostly occur when people find out about abnormalities at the 20-week scan
That makes sense, since that drops viability rates.
http://www.guttmacher.org/statecenter/spibs/spib_PLTA.pdf
Who waits like 26 weeks to get an abortion otherwise?
pretty much no one
even if only because it's prohibitively expensive
because it's a much more complex and painful procedure and only available in certain places.
Aside from expenses, that's way late to make the decision as it is.
exactly.
maaaaybe in the case of pregnancy denial?
Maybe extreme fence sitting.
Alternatively, "I didn't know I was pregnant."
i doubt it, most places won't let you get an abortion after ~21 weeks w/o a medical reason
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/43qmzc/ct_18_yrs_old_i_was_circumcised_as_a_baby_and/czk5r8g
ouch
BURN
But I doubt the super-obese that usually don't know they're pregnant could really even GET an abortion anyway.
for sure
Yeah, a medical reason would really only be the excuse to get one so late in the pregnancy.
speaking of which, tess holliday is preggers
sigh
how can you think that's healthy
or acceptable
That poor future child.
you shouldn't drink during pregnancy, but it's okay to bombard your baby with excess sugars
ughhhhhhhhhhh
She's going to get gestational diabetes.
And/or have other complications, I figure.
and if you need a c section, that baby is in trouble.
this is why im scared to get it done for medical reasons
"Can you Sue the doctor? Yes, you can sue him. Will you win? No, dear god no. Hahahaha, no."
hahahaha
I thought you did it to yourself already Jack4ss  
Yup.
we sent you tutorials and everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIdeozFmzQ8
here you go
i did it wrong
https://www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/comments/42ymnf/breaking_news_tess_holliday_is_pregnant/
lol madsci
Haha, yay, /r/fatlogic!
AtlasB did you watch that video  
jew propaganda
ruining gentile peens
looking
just finished working out
http://imgur.com/gallery/260BU  This came up when I googled her
go AtlasB
lol witzie
wtf
i was gna get circ'd but the doctor was gna have me awake whilst he did it
and i cant think of anything worse
than having your penis operated on whilst being awake
lol
I'm sure they drug you up pretty good
local anaesthesia
not at this place
i can get it done on the nhs tho
ive had my banjo string removed
already
banjo string?
wazzat
the frenulum
that wasnt fun
That's terminology that I've never heard before.
frenulum?
why did you remove it?
it was out of tune
apparently a baby cried so hard from a circumcision that one of his lungs collapses
cos it was too small
for my penis
No, "banjo string."
i have never heard of it either, aZombieKitten
lol banjo string
now i want to hea rbluegrass
has anyone see "the little death"?
http://i.imgur.com/5OH8ADe.jpg
ludicrous
All I can think of is "Paddle faster, I hear banjos!"
https://i.imgur.com/0oTt9uY.jpg
i like /r/fatlogic. so good for you.
are you laughing at me zombie
witzie and drok https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7stFjnA1hM
http://i.imgur.com/5OH8ADe.jpg
oh god
No, I just live around rednecks and hillbillies, so the banjo makes me feel things.
(well, me. maybe not for people less prone to excusemaking).
Even photoshopped, still gross.
dont worry i got it removed
it wont be troubling us any longer
Fatlogic makes me remember that I can't start making excuses.
Who is that?
is that tess monster
Ah
i like this version
yehhhhhhhhh
rubbyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
ruby
dis some proper hillbilly tuneage
YEEEEEEEEE HARRRRR
The fiddle is nice.
i like the last one
Fat logic triggers me a lot
I don't like stuff like that
triggers what?
are they playing a banjo
lol
It makes be uncomfortable and anxious
he holds that note hostage
ha
trigger != makes you uncomfortable
this is why people make fun of people with ~triggers~
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/330zWZbT/The_Sadies_-_16_-_Walking_Boss.mp3
drok
oh hey i can do that?
you sure can!
When Reddit was having all that drama over fph I checked out some of the subs. The thinking that fat people would have and excuse would make me feel really uncomfortable Cuz it would remind me of my ed
we could share loads ofmusic
that's fair.
I must now listen to The Devil Went Down to Georgia.
So I stay away
what does trigger mean cake
this reminds me of when i watched the cohen brothers movie O Brother, Where Art Thou? 
it's a term related to PTSD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trauma_trigger
Triggers usually refer to things that trigger episodes in PTSD.
i loved the tune in that
eg the veteran who has a total panic attack when a car backfires.
ew ew ew this article
only read the title 
but ew
http://www.vogue.com/13390238/beth-ditto-profile-makeup-routine-best-eyeliner/
Mainly war vets, which gives it kind of an ironic name.
and saw the first photo
In that sense, trigger would be inappropriate to use
You can trigger relapses in ED, though, so that's less of a problem.
* i mean ive only read the title so far, but i will be reading the whole thing
Camille, i love her hair in that photo.
<3
but the rest...
O Brother is a favorite of mine.
Wait Sunhappy - I don't understand, how does fat logic trigger you?
i can understand if reading too much of that stuff caused a relapse into ED behaviour.
it can be intense.
(yeah, I don't like the misuse of the word - it has a very specific meaning)
lol Cake we have different tastes
but I wouldn't call it a trigger. Sorry Sunhappy .
Camille, well, i wouldn't have it myself, maybe when i'm old.
The excuses they make for unhealthy body image and eating habits
It'd have to cause extreme relapse out of nowhere.
I think it's just very good photography.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3eTSbC3neA
WHAT IS that thing?
Disgusting
i love this scene
oh no PhantomDream 
That could be a bed sheet
alright i cant take the article its awful
that's the nicest photo i've ever seen of her...
o brother is great
im trying to ge twitzie to see it
Winged eyeliner looks crap on fat women. D:
A pig with lipstick is still a pig
it's not healthy
yeah witz
That's the best photo of her I've seen of her
It's such an awesome movie, I love it. :D
http://www.mycelebrityfashion.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/beth-ditto-weight-loss-gossip.jpg warning
Lol cake
sorry PhantomDream 
Yeah I'm used to her looking like that
ugh
Disgusting
She used to be bigger
i have no idea who she is but she has no business discussing beauty
Yeah, without fancy makeup and professional lighting - that's what you get
She's still unhealthy and ugly
ew
<aZombieKitten> Winged eyeliner looks crap on fat women. D:
idk i have seen it look lovely
But real women have curves!! Ugh
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I've YET to see a legitimately obese (ie NOT a traditionally curvy and still attractive) woman that's beautiful
Hmm
Well, winged eyeliner is hard to get right in general, being fair.
true. took me years.
I haven't even attempted to do a wing yet.
If you have an actual hourglass and proportions that are not triple supersized - that's not 'curvy'
ack
Haha
so irritated I'm combining thoughts
its impossible PhantomDream 
*actual hourglass is curvy
Christina Hendricks? I can't tell if she has amazing shapers or if that's he figure
Also Adele I think is really pretty
she is curvy i think
not obese
to be legit overweight and non hourglass and beautiful
WHat planet am I on that ADELE isn't fat?
do people think shes not fat?
PhantomDream, lol was talking about christina hendricks :P
She's short tiny, and bursting at the seams
I'm saying she's attractive and oversee
shes enourmous!
Obese
Have to look her up
She's gained a considerable amount of weight
who, christina hendricks or adele?
early on in the show she was borderline with a good figure
hendricks
http://www4.pictures.zimbio.com/gi/CMT+Artists+Year+Red+Carpet+20dcrTQJnzrx.jpg
mad men
a bunch of my mp3s disappeaerd
why
she doesn't have a super fat face
oh no, i didn't realise
now they stuff her in pieces
Hmm. Yeah first season age was gorgeous
I love a lot of the outfits she wears, but she was definitely thinner the first season of MM
oh bummer, christina has gained a bit
Pam is uggo
at any weight
https://www.google.com.au/imgres?imgurl=http://www.hawtcelebs.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/christina-hendricks-at-2015-emmy-awards-in-los-angeles-09-20-2015_1.jpg&imgrefurl=http://www.hawtcelebs.com/category/christina-hendricks/&h=1724&w=1200&tbnid=8xDXLwmr-zPXpM:&docid=bz-lLJPMDQdV2M&ei=pWSxVuPQN8XP0gSW57DYDQ&tbm=isch&ved=0ahUKEwijt5LwxNrKAhXFp5QKHZYzDNsQMwgtKAYwBg terrible choice
http://media3.popsugar-assets.com/files/2015/12/14/799/n/1922398/81ea88b0340169f6_main.xxxlarge.jpg
:(
second photo she's kind of curvey levels
adele has lost a fair bit
yeah 
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/HByp0hej/07%20Secrets.m4a
she doesn't look much fatter than christina hendricks
if at all
i think she has a fat face
christina is polarising i think
and i think makeup does wonders for her
christina does not have a fat face in comparison
http://cdn2-b.examiner.com/sites/default/files/styles/image_content_width/hash/0d/9f/0d9f82b4d45640dd1a731cb579b720ec.jpg?itok=LiU269f9
She doesn't look fat in the second photo.
She looks like a normal broad
she looks like a normal fat broad
in a too-short dress
adeles face is larger than christinas face
she hasn't seen o brother
idk man. She looks pretty fuckin normal to me
yeah lifterofthings 
I think the length is fine on her, the texture of the dress adds bulk which she doesn't need
well, we're talking attractiveness rather than normal
She's probably still overweight.
According to bmi? Probably slightly.
By a lot
Seriously?
right Cake attractive vs normal
That's what qualifies for unacceptably lardo these days?
also to me she seems larger than normal but i guess the average is higher these days
We have really skewed perceptions of overweight these days.
this is a better version of ill fly away thent he one on the soundtrack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MNM0OO_iVI
right aZombieKitten 
we really do
http://www.vogue.com/13380882/beth-ditto-plus-size-clothing-line-gaultier/
I'm going to have nightmares
ewwww
Lol aw
Trust me, I was confused when I lost some weight and fit into size 7 and size 3 jeans in the same brand just years apart.
https://bkwrm513.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/women.jpg
there are two fat people in that photo
and three normal to thin ones
https://www.google.com.au/search?q=melissa+mccarthy&espv=2&biw=948&bih=940&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi0nNyAxtrKAhXBmpQKHRMWD9sQ_AUIBigB#tbm=isch&q=melissa+mccarthy+weight+loss hrmmm i would say she's the closest to an attractive obese woman i can think of
but i love her
https://pmchollywoodlife.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/adele-grammy-teaser-ffn_grammy1_kmff_021212_8762252120604110501.jpg?w=600
love'd this tune
she's really not frickin obese
http://i2.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article676955.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/Adele
no, i suppose not
higher BMIM than me, sure
but shes not some hamplanet
pity she has such a heavy face
Not obese, no, but probably overweight.
def overweight
That dress fits her and hides her well
she's overweight
Although at that degree of loss, she's probably a lot healthier than she was.
all my jim and jennie and th epinetops mp3s went away
How tall is she?
Also have to consider fat distribution.
If she's like 5'1 or something she'd still be really overweight
she's really cute in that black dress with the sparkles
i'm way into that style on her.
She rarely wears bright colors
You don't have to be three seconds away from a heart attack in order to be fat
she's fat
lol
reals over feels.
Doesn't mean she is heinous and ugly
but she is fat
i shouldn't have brought up fatlogic, i have work to do
Lol you can't call someone fat
talk to yall later
wait what
Later
Says my hr department
why not Sunhappy ?
she's more attractive than most people I see in walmart on any given day
lol
oh haha
Darn HR.
Yes witzie I agree
Apparently it's sexist in some cases
Or judging someone based on looks
And I do like some of her make-up and hair styles
k im asleep
We had sensitivity training at work last year
she is fat and i dont think shes beautiful, but rather she has a good stylist and makeup artist
she knows her angles and is photographed and edited well
Are you sleep typing?
yes
Trippy
now is when you ask me the questions you want to know the REAL answers to
even if adele or people of her body ocmposition are not medically obese (althogh they may very well be), they are still "obese" in the casual use of  the term
Ooooo help me people, I'm not creative enough to think of questions
Don't forget the skinnyfats.
its ok
you can do it
If you had to do a guy in this chat, who would it be?
Jack4ss
Lol
next
Now you have to do a girl
whos the lucky lady?
i thought that was an order
Oh no I meant pick one
chasingstatues
Good choice
quiet night
anyone want to play 20 guesses?
yep so many of them as well
aZombieKitten did you track measruments or weight or anythign for jan?
lol
sure
listen to trump tho
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GSzw2XdpJo
I haven't been keeping up. :( 
recommit aZombieKitten !
you can do it!
I have been keeping up with my calories. Will be checking up on weight soon.
(I'm terrible at going to work)
lol, witzie++
I need a working bathroom scale.
wait this one
http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/gop-primaries/267997-trump-if-were-attacked-well-beat-the-s-t-out-of-them
i think im going to go fix some stuff and cool down
I lost ~2lbs/week in january, pretty happy with that.
ok I have an object
also, i have some peanut butter ice cream
but I got slack with exercise towards the end of the month.
if anyone wants to guess
I'm still getting my thyroid regulated, so my weight is weird.
your boob
I can tell that by my day to day pudgy feels.
congrats on the weightloss cakeaway 
nope
1 down
thanks Camille :)
SP
im trying to gain 2 pounds a week this month
no
2 down
you can do it!
what are you doing?
youw walking stick
no
3 down
I'm also trying to determine where my optimal weight is, because J would prefer I stay a bit softer.
is it a tech item?
no
4 down
is it something you use on a daily basis?
eating at +1000 and strong curves which is weightlifting w/ 3 sets of 8-12 reps, emphasis on glute and other butt muscles
slooooooooot
how are you eating at +1000?
just portions, or supplementing?
i added 2 inches to my butt measurements in jan at +500
nice work
are you underweight?
i havent started yet, last month i ate at +500 food only
nope
or just trying to build up the bottom?
no
5 down
Ooo I got picked, yay
i have a slim hourglass figure that i want to be a classic hourglass
fair.
ok, so it's not a tech item
is it food?
ill see how things go at +1000 i plan on doing it all by food no supplements
and not something you'd use on a daily basis
have you got an example photo?
you use food ona  daily basis
you killed a question
no madscilove 
:(
your brain?
6 down
no
7
do you want to start over?
50% fat 30% protein 20% carbs so its not that hard to get calories 
arch blew a lot of worthless questions
an example of what?
No, we still have time
we still have 13 question
I'll give ya'll a fresh start
a body inspo image: )
:)
is it alive?
no
oh sure one sec
1 down
just us akinator
Do you work out with M? Or solo? 
do you use it for something that has to do with your body?
me personally?
people
in general
LOL
http://www.mybodygallery.com/photos-28482-body-shape.htm?StartAt=65#.VrFp_nV977E is about what I'm aiming for (and is realistic with my hips)
not me personally and not people in general
Hmmm
https://www.pinterest.com/camille11325/fitness/ cakeaway 
ok, so CAN it be used on your body?
https://www.pinterest.com/camille11325/pin-up/ cakeaway 
cool
I'm assuming it's SP then since he's not people in general
i guessed SP already
she said no
lmao
there are some serious bottoms there
No, something she can USE on sp
that's a neat website cakeaway
yeah i love it madscilove 
knowing witzie, it's not going to be something r taed
rated
Is what o mean
i think it's going to be a special hair brush or something
http://curveappeal.tumblr.com/post/1416683472/tara-laughton-size-1416-aus-size-1214-uk this is my more short-term goal.
witzie: is it a household item?
But what if it's like a strap on?
no Architect  
2 down 
ok
so we know it's not ahousehold item
it's not tech
and most people don't use it on their bodies
it's also not alive
A strap on is tech? Lol
and not eatable
So what would one use specifically on their SO? Or SP?
She's gorgeous 
ava gardner is my main inspiration cakeaway 
she's a lovely inspo Camille 
which is funny b/c she looks a lot like my mom. but thats not why i picked her she is just my height 
haha
maybe they'd use shampoo
i was thinking of getting into waist training...what do yall think?
but people in general use shampoo
I assume it doesn't do much in terms of permanent fat distribution
but it would be nice to reduce my waist a little (in addition to weight loss)
we don't know that it's an item like that yet chasingstatues 
you have to ask
Tricksy tricksy
tricksy hobbitsis
Hah
I never shampoo
I use juices and berries from the forest
no it looks like it has permanent effects but there are a lot of risks and i wouldnt want to damage my organs and internal body structure like that 
maybe coolsculpting or other body contouring methods could help you
Architect, you weren't there for the pic swap! I finally showed my ugly mug and got to see some people
You too Lonny
as far as i'm aware, those things are more about temporary results
was this this morning?
PM me
oh bots back yay
.quote add 6:20 PM <Lonny_Z> This dead woman is ridiculously pretty wtf 6:20 PM <Lonny_Z> I wish I stumbled along her corpse before the police found
witzie++
Yeah
cause I owed you a ton of karma
any more questions?
There are the softer versions of corsets.
ya'll are bad at this
lol
Meant to be worn during exercise and whatnot.
yeah, i'm thinking kardashian style haha
what things cakeaway 
corset training or cool sculpting/body contouring
body contouring
no those are permanant
I rather like this one http://www.mybodygallery.com/photos-48833-body-shape.htm?StartAt=6#searchForm
really?
im talking abotu things you go to a med aspa for
med spa
or plastic surgeon office
Yay witzie
I wish I added an it*
what do you mean
Before the police found it*
interesting.
okay, really away now.
Camille my deload went well!  I lost 3ish pounds last week, and when I started week 9 last night I made all kinds of improvements.  My squat went real low for the first time!
I got a hellacious quad cramp, though.  Just didn't work the quads anymore last night and it seems fine now!
darn
I misquoted
No
.quote del witzie3
.quote add 6:20 PM <Lonny_Z> This dead woman is ridiculously pretty wtf 6:20 PM <Lonny_Z> I wish I stumbled along her corpse before the police found
argh
I made the error
.quote del witzie3
.quote add 6:20 PM <Lonny_Z> This dead woman is ridiculously pretty wtf 6:20 PM <Lonny_Z> I wish I stumbled along her corpse before the police found it
wtf
drok
Yay
why do I only have 3 quotes?
are they all gone???
.quote witzie100
ok phew
Oooooooo
I freaked out for a second
so did we ever figure out what you had?
no
you did not
you deleted 3
so 3 was open
I wear a sports wrap around my stomach to protect my back when I'm working out sometimes, I think it could be used as a light shaper
yeah
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/ea/9e/ae/ea9eae201686a9b438d281fb4dd1854b.jpg
women are brilliant 
lets take that thing ppl use to make fire
and put fire in it
lol
That's a pinterest link, isn't it? lol
yeah
Pinterest is so whack sometimes.
grunge festival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PE5f561Y1x4
I'm lovin this primal scream
yay!!
i thought you would
ive seen hundreds of bands
but ill tell you
them
and dee lite
put on the best shows
i ever saw
an ddead can dance
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2016/02/02/army-and-marine-corps-chiefs-its-time-for-women-to-register-for-the-draft/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWUC2-ypnDQ  primal scream 
nooo
uh oh, switch to manchester sound festival
stone roses  https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=stone+roses+love+spreads
oops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct-qa6SjRZo
thats awful kittenkajira 
I hope the feminists are happy with what they've wrought.
Man, I would not survive being drafted.
I mean, it's fair
Haha, were you around when I linked that earlier kittenkajira ?
we had some good conversation
Nope, I was busy working.  :)
charlatans UK  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RJwW77Lsj8
I'm pretty sure I'd be turned away
They'd take one look at me and go "We can't let this child join the army."
http://www.buzzfeed.com/ninamohan/my-boyfriend-dressed-me-for-a-week-and-this-is-what-happened?bffbmain&utm_term=.csw7oo3z4#.isMK55wQz someoen on my facebook has posted about this and how it's JUST SO AWFUL
Imagine if there was an exclusion for women who are pregnant or mothers - if a draft ever happened, all the chicks be trying to get pregnant.
ughhhhhh
spoilers: nothing bad.
haha kittenkajira 
Oh, wait, I'd totally be excluded regardless.
lo_andbehold i dont want things to be "fair" and having women in combat roles and subject to the draft is jsut awful
I think having women drafted into non-combat roles is reasonable.
in wartime, everyone needs to band together and work.
Non-combat, sure.
Combat, oh hell no.
yeah for sure.
fair != equal
blur, when they were good https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJzCYSdrHMI
Men excluded women from the draft with good reason.
i dont think women should be drafted at all except maybe as nurses? is there a draft for that?
do we still have army nurses?
blur's second to last album is really unique
i LOVE damon alburn
love hinm
Well, there are other non-combat jobs available.
Therapy, doctors, etc.
i netted 750 calories today
why am i still fat
go AWAY fat
It used to be that nurses were military veterans who learned on the job.  I don't even know if they allow that now
right aZombieKitten i just think most of those should be filled by men
the moffs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mS0d9aJIcqU
 I had to go up a belt notch
nursing, factory work
I think women are similarly capable for those positions, though.
whatever is necessary and possible
Less need for brute strength.
unless they already have children, there's no reason for them not to be working.
it would be ridiculous if my husband were drafted and i wasn't even doing support work
we don't have children.
Someone needs to invent fat absorbing pills
no shit right
or tastebud killer
reversible
Or, a pill that makes you feel full so dieting isn't so lame
i ate one of those tablets that changes the way things taste temporarily
like, makes sour citrus sweet
I'd go for a tastebud killer.
Make vegetables taste like bacon
my sisters and i did it, we ate lemon, lime, and grapefruit
the lemon was like fucking candy
Then I could eat all of the fruits and veggies without getting consistently grossed out.
weird chasing
i actually like fruits and veggies, but veggies usually have to be prepared in some way and i don't like that :(
i think fruits and veggies ar eoverrated as a food source
lol you do a pure, meat diet?
mostly
littl esalad for bulk
or broccoli in chinese food
vegetables arenthuman food
we had to geneticlaly modify them for centurie
sto make them palatable
human food is whatever the fuck i wanna eat since i'm human
well of course
lol
lol
but green veg were all bitter an dpoison
we made them palatable for bulk
veggies are all right to keep yourself feeling full, and to push shit through
yeah
supposedly can help vs colon cancer and stuff
Well, everything is like that right? But meat
humans need dat roughage
listen to this song by the moffs
Like have you ever seen how many seeds are in a wild banana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iaUXrvuHtk
meat too
seeds?
cows and pigs dont exist in nature
pigs do
cows not so much 
Lol wut
not in this form
water buffalo and such
pigs absolutely are all over though
wild pigs
even in europe 
yeah cows are an affront to nature
Deer meat is great
a lot of wild pigs down south
cows were domesticated from the extinct aurochs
more biomass than humans but still allowed to survive. lol
We haven't been messing with those
they arent native witz
I don't buy it
boars and javelina are native to us
pigs escaped
you can support form home 
the spanish introduced pigs and horses to the new world
there had been horses, but the clovis point ppls extincted all the mega fauna
that indian plains culture we all love
but either way kittenkajira the article you shared is worrying
only exist for a few years beofre the settlers came
because there wer eno horses
right
thats some intj-splainin' for youz
Oh yeah, didn't the natives trade for horses?
how can you support from home if you're not a carer? if your husband is at war, you don't have to support him. you have to support your country.
they did a lot of things during WWII besides working in factories or being a nurse
community gardens would be one example 
sure. but I'm saying that women should be drafted for that sort of work.
unless they're carers.
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/43uv2n/closure_update_update_am_i_making_a_mountain_out/ omg did we talk about this
so glad she gave an update
and that she left her bf!
the horses went wild
on the plains
Who was this guy who ever thought "I should try and ride this"
He was nuts
which were alot liek the steppes they were domesticated from
bacon was the first meat i ate after i stopped being a vegetarian 
i never looked back
We need to tie witzie to a tree and feed her bacon
she don't eat no meat?
She ain't eatin' no meat
I remember that convo about the MTV chick.
chasingstatues++
what an introduction to the world of the living
lol
yeah
its great when rpws come back with updates
especially when they take our advice and are happier for it!
I like the bit she added about lessons learned
Ooo
Nighttime griddy
A first
It's always nice to see a FR or update.
thats because otherwise we won't be able to see her
test
hello Camille 
hey!
see that's when you use a ping
?
you say ping and anyone who hears it says pong!
lol actually i ownder who is on
cathy_catherine erc erc_ gabi-r lo_andbehold laura_xvii_ 
lifterofthings littlebee madscilove Passerby6 softlybee witzie WingN 
yoooo
there needs to be a special like .lurkping to ping anyone who hasn't spoken in a while.
there is 
oh
i just like to mansually do it
well that's nice then.
ther eis also just a ping that notifies everyone except for rps
WingN M and i watched this movie called Legends last night, starring Tom Hardy ahve you seen it
i think youd like it
also i think i told you about the show Billions? I definitely reccomend that to everyone
Racist burn
What's Billions about?
I'ms secretly dead.
it's not really secret
it's in your name
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43s1xb/why_does_trp_believe_in_the_doublestandard_of_the/czkpzoq
:o! I'VE BEEN DISCOVERED.
Bloop: "I understand analogies but here, let me go on to demonstrate how I actually don't."
i know
terrible
"Wealth, influence and corruption collide in this drama set in New York. Shrewd U.S. Attorney Chuck Rhoades is embroiled in a high-stakes game of predator vs. prey with the ambitious hedge-fund king, Bobby Axelrod.T" kittenkajira 
but there are other plots and its really well done
Sounds intense
My thing is that the analogy is a waste of time because they disagree with the premise of it
we are enjoying it so far!
So it's like, just a different way of saying the same thing
we've been watching Black Sails and The Expanse
both are quite good. 
I finished Poldark
oh cool :)
Sure
It was hard to get into, the first episode or two seemed off - like they were pretending or something.
we're giving the expanse a shot, season finale on right now so we'll be watching once it finishes airing
But by the end I was firmly into it.  It had a god-awful cliffhanger though.
I said as much here chasingstatues : https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43s1xb/why_does_trp_believe_in_the_doublestandard_of_the/czkr9jf
ah i see, i didn't keep reading before
but yeah, i've gotten into arguments before where guys didn't understand that, cis especially
and then once he gets into the analogy, he can't leave it, like he keeps talking within it while i'm trying to discuss the actual thing and not his example of the thing
i don't understand the offense over comparing people to inanimate objects or animals
why don't these people go complain about Aesop
Aesop's fables
fables were never meant to prove something. they're meant to introduce ideas. get people thinking
the offense is the object they're being compared to, probably
due diligence and specificity is always up to the individual
yeah, but that seems to be more political, and the idea themselves they take issue with
not the comparing people to a specific object
if we're ignoring the "lesson" or the point of the fable
i'm sure the extreme feminists are pissed about being "objectified" and others are just pissed about being compared to a shitty, broken lock
then there's no substantive diff between being compared to a lock or a key
right it's the concept
the idea that they are used and defective, not the actual comparison to a lock
camille i got an interesting product today
we use fables without problems esp when they don't demean anyone
from european wax center
oh yeah?!
its an exfoliating gel that had anastonishing effect
The concept of "objectification" is absurd in itself
you rub a thin laye ron
so it might make more sense to stick to that rather than saying comparing people to inanimate objects itself is wrong
the rub with your fingers and it starts to feel gritty
she tried it on my hand
Because everyone could be classified as being objectified in some way
it syoure own skin
the only person i've heard actually explain that
not grit
the offense over objectification
no redness no irritation
yeah, i feel like real objectification happens to victims of like violent crimes
in any satisfying degree
No it happens to no one
is mr samsa
Maybe a pornstar who has a flesh
bullshit it happens to no one
Sounds neat, WingN. :o 
have you ever watched I Survived?
people get played with like toys by wackos
tortured for hours
he's very clever when it comes to semantic and rhetorics
that's objectification
http://www.waxcenter.com/products/the-exfoliate
10:33:39 PM <Lonny_Z> Maybe a pornstar who has a fleshlight made of her vagina
lol
she said she uses it on her t zone
That's objectification
i like a pornstar who has flesh
objectification itself is not a crime though
Lonny_Z> That's objectification
you're an objectification!
i'm saying like i think that it happens with certain crimes
Or a person who has an action figure made of them
lonny
Hmm. How long does 2oz of the stuff last for?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/3pnfim/do_bp_people_understand_what_analogies_are/?ref=search_posts
objectiication is when you completely disregard other person's autonomy or care over that person's opinions
That is literally objectification!
yes
it's not a crime, but his argument was basically that you're not a nice person
if you don't consider others
not "considerate"
that much might be fair enough
I remember that post well atlas
you use a tiny bit
she spread it thin with the wood spatula
have i missed anyone who plays Go?
drok?
i have a LOT of waxed skin to use it on
Jack4ss?
twice a week
That one also got me commenting at the bluepill sub as your "white knight"
what's go?
it was pretty impressive
PPDBot++
i relaly like the place
AND my new waxer might buy a house from me!
yay
.tell SMS go
yay!
oh yes papaya enzymes are great for exfoliation
(thats whats in the product you got) 
i use a bar soap that is papaya based it is wonderful at evening my skintone and overall brightening 
Ooh, I see. Sounds like a nice product.
that does look really cool WingN :)
oo ok is that what it is?
id love to find something cheaper
really, i can trecommend european wax center any higher
their wax is cool and comfortable
no strips
What seems to confuse them Atlas, is that the definition of analogy (and we know bloops love quoting the dictionary) has the word "compare" in it
yes
they get caught up in the objects
when youre comparing something less tangible
women ar eNTO beign compared to locks
the ease of opening
is whats being compared
thats so great that you have a place you like so much 
the REAL objection to the analogy if you want to make one
is WHY shoudl women guard how many keys enter them?
theres an  arguemnt
i think more asian brands use papaya enzymes vs american id just do a search on amazon based on what you need specifically 
I read that you can get a healthy golden glow to your skin if you frequently eat yellow/orange/red fruits and vegetables
I might experiment with that!
objectification is mainly about how the autonomy, the thoughts/feelings of the objectified are ignored
i think bpers improperly call all analogies objectification
ive heard that as well kittenkajira 
I don't think I've ever eaten a papaya
even by that BP standard given to me by mrsamsa
I need to get some waxing done and find decent, affordable products to use.
fiat yes
I did a google image search on papaya, and there's a bunch of pregnant ladies in there.
its treatign ppl as objects in your universe
rather than subjects of their own
lik emy h treats me
lol
it has to be more than just Grammatical or narrative though
the idea of waxing terrifies me
AtlasB> is WHY shoudl women guard how many keys enter them?
yes
im just going to get everything laser removed this summer
that's just ridiculous to go that far
theres th eunstatedpresumption behind the lock and key
it's just normal sentence structure to have subjects and objects
the analogy like works to confirm itself because saying that we're locks implies that this is how we're supposed to function
that if bpo really wanted to challenge
but if i don't think that i'm supposed to function that way, calling me a lock isn't going to prove that i should behave like one
right
yay WingN ethicsman just let me know that he took our advice and dropped that girl he was seeing who didnt make time for him
ibut
but
its nto OFFERED to "prove"
right
its offered to ILLLUSTRATE a principle
not prove it
analogies dotn prove anything
I get my eyebrows waxed from time to time. I enjoy it. :)
i agree with that, but in the same way that not ever bloop understands analogies, not every twerp knows how to use them
I'd like to do the laser thing.  I'm afraid of how much it hurts, though.
if it saves you from a load of waxing
the pain is probably less in the long run :)
Well, shaving doesn't hurt!
until you cut yourself
but also the results are much less nice
I had a GF do it, it took several treatments and she said each follicle that was zapped felt like getting snapped with a rubber band.
i used to get my eyebrows waxed aZombieKitten that was fine but now i tweee and use a face razor for them
they shoudl admit their unstated assumption
i know i linked one laser treatment option here adn they said it was painless, and i found a different laser one i might do, at a plastic surgeon vs the medspa and they also say its basically painless
what does the face razor do?
i dont mind thouhg if it hurts just for a little bit
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/UCcBkbQO/
I get angry eyebrow from waxing, but the results are pleasant enough that I don't mind it.
its that Cake and you use it to get rid of hairs on your face
just downward strokes
but from where? if you're already waxing
or upward or diagonal depending
what do you mean?
like
i dont wax anything on myself
oh, sorry. plucking.
i used to get my eyebrows waxed
i use the face razor first for larger areas
like where?
the way objectification is thrown around makes it meaningless. for fables, allegories, etc you can't afford to tell every character's motivations and feelings
it's supposed to be short, concise, to the point
to demonstrate a concept
the focus is not on the damned characters
why is this so hard for people to understand
wherever i can around m eyebrows, i dont like tweezing so i try to get as much as possible w/ the razor
but don't you get regrowth?
What I am saying though fiat is that I think "objectification" is a bogus concept like "rape culture"
(as in more than with plucking)
objectification is overused but it's not nonexistent
not any more than wth plucking
A vague and broad definition used to demonized anything
shaving doesnt make more hair grow
but with plucking you're removing the follicle
objectification isn't completely bogus, imo. i respect my convo with samsa enough. i just don't think what he explained justifies its frivolous charge most of the time
not the follicle, the root
rape culture, kinda the same deal, look at those places in africa where they're like "we will rape lesbians on the spot"
i dont really like to use tweezers so i dont do it as much 
with shaving, the root remains there below the skin so has less far to go to be visible
yeah, it's broad and gets used to demonize way too much
I wanted to get one of these, but first asked J if he had anything like it.  Turns out he had one just like it, but black.  :)  It works really well!  http://www.amazon.com/Panasonic-Facial-Trimmer-Pivoting-ES2113PC/dp/B0009DT39C/ref=sr_1_3_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1454475315&sr=8-3&keywords=facial+hair+remover
If objectification exists then any time a person feels attraction they are objectifying
There is no one anyone with sexuality is not an objectifier
Cake i understand that. what im saying is that i use the razor for as much as possible and then any stray hairs that need to be dealt with i pluck 
you're just going along with the overused version of the word
Which is absurd
it's about degree, i suppose. if you feel like you want to fuck them and completely ignore what she might think...
well i don't care personally
okay. that seems like it would require you to do it more frequently than just waxing to begin with.
my eyebrow hairs dont grow very quickly and the razor can be maneuvered easily even in small areasso 
nope just once a month for me
okiedoke.
like i was talking to someone on trp about equality the other day and they said some shit about being equal involved licking a woman's shoes or i don't know what
(i'd only care if you acted on that, because that might just amount to rape)
i'm like, that's not equality
but if it's just thoughts, yeah i really don't care
and he's like, that's the feminists version of it
its very quick, painless, and easy
and free
but remember, bpers are virtue ethics pushers
why use the feminists version of anything?
they care about how you think and feel and think
just use the real meaning of the word
lol "think and feel and think" i must be tired
I understand there are parts of the world with rape culture but america isn't one of them
i agree lonny
And thugs in a Batman game threatening Catwoman with rape is not a sign of rape culture
did someone say it was? lol
jesus
Neither is the girl with the dragon tattoo
which batman?
Anita Sarkeesian says so
how would the dragon tattoo be rape culture?
i'll tell you when i knew i hated sarkeesian
It has rape in it
lol what? girl with the dragon tattoo is one of the better depictions of rape and rape recovery to me. rofl
i mean, immediately, but really hated her was during a video about manic pixie dream girls
the girl wasn't ruined forever. she got revenge and never made a fuss about it
and i said from the START, she better NOT have eternal sunshine of the spotless mind on this fucking list
It uses rape as a plot device so bloops say it is rape culture
she better not
a lot of movies show the rape victim being a perpetual victim
bc if she does, then she either NEVER watched it or she's a fuckin idiot
*scarred* and ruined. 
and guess what?
guess what's on her list?
that infuriated me
dude someone complained that the chick in anomalisa was a manic pixie dreamgirl, when that movie is like the sickest most disgusting twist on the concept it's like upsetting to watch -- feminists don't pay attention to the context of anything
of course they can't handle analogies
One of the worst things is Anita would like to say a scantily clad female videogame character is objectification, but when a girl cosplays she somehow isn't objectifying herself
feminists don't pay attention to the context of anything <- feminism is based on soundbites and memetics, concepts are for actual reasoners
i think it's pretty obvious why they dislike the lock and key analogy. i just wish people wouldn't complain about the objectification aspect
Sweetle was cute
i'm surprised she doesn't think chicks who dress revealing are like damaging themselves
it's the fact that women get the shittier compaison
she must think that about chicks who do porn
Lol Lonny_Z 
hi sunnie-
checking somethin
.karma
hey sunnie- <3
it's not objectification. it's the shitty comparison
males got the better comparison to a "master lock" so it wasn't a problem for them
im actually off for the night but we'll catch up later for sure! 
goodngiht all!
sunnie-?
lolz
it's a shitty comparison to them because it's got a shitty basis
it didn't go away :3
wb sunnie- 
She probably think chicks who dress revealing have internalized patriarchy
they're being compared to a broken lock because apparently they're supposed to be chaste
that's funny lonny, since she wears those trashy hoop earrings all the time
like what's the deal with that
ua_hammer
Lol that is what her critics say
All over youtube
ok that i can understand and makes sense to me. If you disagree with the basis, we can argue that separately. i just don't buy it when people complain about the "objectification"
.vouch UA_hammer
there's this female porn star who makes videos where she rants about sarkeesian, she's funny
what's up?
for sure, goodnight Camille :)
Yeah I have seen those
i understand, fiat
but there's an hypocrisy to it
like, they don't like being compared to objects when they're unhappy with the analogy
but look at this one: "a woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"
.vouch ua_hammer
drok
sunnie- <3
sure, complaints about having a demeaning comparison ("broken" lock) or hypocrisy are understandable, at least
why it threatens ban still
feminists have loved that quote, no complaints about objectification there
when they're a fuckin fish
i may or may not agree but they're understandable at the very least
and a man's a BICYCLE 
already did the auth thing too wth
ok maybe it wont boot
do /mode UA_Hammer +x
Should just threaten
sorry we have a serious stalekr
No boot
they're fine with objectification in their favor, basically
threaten one of our RPWs
thats why the security
dammit
Whoops.
someone help him
Ugh
pm him
Bot is on his own rule.
God damn it
I don't know how much rpers complain about that analogy
It was working before
i've literally never heard about it except from some mras
We will never get new people here
no one i considered an rper but also *not* an mra cared
they might disagree with the concept
but they don't ever complain about objectification
Sunnie!
because that's nonsense. being compared to fish or bicycles is no diff to me that being a part of a fable
where i'm being represented by an animal
well yeah, trp prides itself on use of harsh language
bein tough
the only words they get sensitive about are like "misogyny"
i think a lot of rpers even embrace that term. lol. it's really individuals that deny it
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43vbu9/is_it_wrong_for_a_woman_to_expect_a_man_to_be/czlq69m
because they take it to mean "hate women". most guys i know don't like ambiguous definitions. so it does no favours when we have definitions of misogyny
that are more political
how the hell can you be "noticeably silent" on a thread you didn't even participate in to begin with?????
better descriptions that they'd acknowledge might be "casual sexism"
hello!
How are you doing tonight? ^_^
i remember that guy who got like banned for questioning if something a trper said in the sub was misogynistic
what?
ah, this was ages ago, i thought he posted about it on ppd
that's ridiculous. why'd he get banned for that? is there anything more
subreddit? or this irc?
subreddit
this was like when i was very blue pill so it was probably close to a year ago, but he commented about it on ppd
there might be something more. mods ban for a lot of reasons and when people complained it almost always turned out there was something more going on
or maybe the comment was just deleted? or he got a warning? i have no idea
like in PMs
alright, painting my nails 
UAHammer: type /mode uahammer +x
It seems like it's been a while sunnie- !  Are you still dating the new guy?
yeah i have had my privacy compromised so i haven't been able to be on much, i'm doing ok though
regardless of whether or not you agree/disagree with the draft, tell me this guy didn't set himself up https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/43vddd/army_and_marine_corps_chiefs_its_time_for_women/czlmukp?context=3
oh no,
that really sucks
you're alright though?
yea, ex is cray cray, but i'm doing better than ever ty :)
<3 (I'm /u/cakeforallofyou btw)
not worth my time thinkin about anymore
awe cool i'm red-sunflower 
coolies :)
what color are your nails?
i chose zoya mieko for my toes and i'm doing french tip for my nails :)
oooh zoya mieko is gorgeous! 
i've been trying out some new shades lately, my fingers are currently a ridiculous barbie pink (rimmel sweet retreat)
yeah i love it 
barbie pink is my favorite haha
my fave color lately is zoya - kiki
Well... I randomly DC'd.
it's soooooo pretty, bright pink with a blue violet duochrome 
awe thats so pretty Camille 
Cake*
ok i think its gonna stop kicking me
thx sunnie- . i really like it, wearing well so far.
my nails are so long/strong these days - yay eating meat and vitamins!
lol you did it!
Zoya kiki?
hooray
cool. what's your ppd subreddit username UAHammer?
the same
cool
Thats a pink I dont have lol
Or do o
it's sooo cute WingN1
prob my fave color ever so far lol
i need to buy it, i just used it at a salon so it wasn't mine :)
now that it got mentioned im kinda curious as to that RPW stalker story
welcome UAhammer
lol
welcome UAHammer 
Ate you rp UAHammer 
I forget
UA_Hammer on ppd
i am a male feminist
I think I have it or one clise
i walk down the streets whipping myself chanting im not worthy
what rpw stalker story?
ok, rp.
No I have GILDA http://i900.photobucket.com/albums/ac204/laquerista/Zoya/ZoyaGildaovercast.jpg
I must say I have been thinking about that r/seduction post
And how genius her girl game is
You should get happi
ooooh
that's so pretty too
I got bebe I haven't tried it yet
ok googling it
I have so many lol
standard issue for what gets taught from books in the relationship aisles at major bookstore chains
Its embarrassing
oh so pretty
lol WingN <3
i've read books meant for females. *shameless*
it's okay
pretty clever; a lot of them are
The wrestling thing
Tops
 I just mentioned "stalker story" to explain why we had such tough security
yeah Lonny_Z 
it was good advice
Just ignore him 
funny that the guys hated it so much
It forces you to think of rolling on the ground with her
its just general flirting advice
pretty solid
link?
I don't see what else a girl would need to know besides that post
witzie> funny that the guys hated it so much
lol. men hate any female tactics that work on them
they're just mad that it works
If that doesn't work you are 4 below
lol
All 4minuses can do is just be a sloot
night y'all
bye chasing
Bye Pocahontas
yeah Lonny_Z you're imagining a cute girl
It would work for a 5
you think that advice is gonna help these girls?
http://img.chan4chan.com/img/2009-12-06/1260129410949.jpg
Lol
they start wrestling a man he'll probably run in fear
Yep
nursing broken bones
>
ah ok
why in the world was i kicked from ppdafterdark
lolllllll witzie 
it got nuked
eeryone was
afaik it was to prevent talking about nudes or whatever, but i never participated in that anyway
oh
i think it was to beef up security, it went invite-only
hello
witzie> it got nuked
as in, killed dead?
invite only, eh?
22:00:20 <@witzie> http://img.chan4chan.com/img/2009-12-06/1260129410949.jpg
hahaha
what happened that the needed to make it invite only?
Weirdo griddy logs in an says nothing
maybe her client autologins
tell me about theis PPDafter dark invite only thing
come on americans 
dont let me down
Send me a Chappie and then I will tell all
No scratch that
Send me Yolandi's corpse
loll
no, send me a Cornish Pasty and I'll give you all the details 
cake cake cake cake
I'll tell you for a capuccinno
hey dragoness 
look at mads trying to lowball 
right
now you all got what you wanted
let me have it
Nuked
you'd be the one to bid one dollar more than the last person on The Price is Right I bet
me?
yes totally
is smart
no, madscilove lol
but now I know there are TWO traitors in my midst 
it's not me. Am no traitor
It's funny when the second to last bets $1
lol, yes!
And last bets $2
lol
Fucking idiots don't know to price is right
xD
I know they salty about it though
I used to watch that growing up and get irrationally angry at the tV
i watched that today :c
No one to blame but themselves
lol dragoness
I can picture a little you yelling at the price is right
"WHY would that vacuum be $800 you dumb bitch!?"
D:
is... is it made of gold?
does it contain jesus' toenail clippings?
I've seen some really retarded bids lol
even 7yr old me knew better
DUDE. half my coworkers didn't show up to work today
that's not an exaggeration
they just didn't fucking show up
Lol pj made ppdafrerdark invite only and kicked me
and then four of them fucking quit
Hahaha
Architect: nah, drok nuked the room
it wasn't pj
It says "pj kicked you" 
no, we all got kicked
Ooh
I feel like Im gonna see mads on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares in the near future 
it wasn't pj tho
Is the room dead?
yep
Well technically she kicked all of you
But yeah the room is dead
oh, really? that surprises me
I'd have thought she'd want to keep it open
I'm sure there is a second room
Ppd after after dark extreme
AfterPPDAfterDark?
Lol
#PPDSoLateItsFuckingMorning
#SexClub7?
lol mads
That would be accurate madscilove 
i wonder what pancakes will do
I don't know, we aren't going to do large chats like that that aren't modded fiercely.
yeah but we want to keep the sex chat out of here
Like I said
I'm sure they have it will make a second room for their club
I think we're ok to have sex chat in here, just don't sext each other
They aren't all just gonna peace
Well small chats can be made
Yea, there are a couple already
Well they can make small chats
madscilove: not really. apparently even my name is too sexual, so i don't really care to risk it
I don't care
We just don't want a large one where issues can fester
Planejane bounced
But she still isn't even banned
What was festering?
nothing really, imo
I was a proponent of after dark, I do think there's merit in some people not wanting to hear about everyone's sloot stories but I guess speople will just have to adults about it and/or courteous
afterdark was barely slut stories though
it was mostly just ppd chat
The problem is all the talk of specifics of what people like and what they like to do
And BDSM gross fags
Also it was used as a refuge for people on the outs with members of the main chat
We didn't want that to be a theme
yeah
lolll
madscilove: and that was kind of the problem
I never really liked afterdark to be honest
i never went there
I like the idea but not the execution
Yeah
not interested at all in peoples sex buisness
BORING IT WAS, YODA SAY
sunnie-: then that just means you weren't a cool kid ;)
right
LOL
sunnie-: is amongst the coolest
she even has a life now
and goes fishing
naptime
It rarely was about sex
It was PJ spilling out her conscious mind
sunnie-: :P
just don't forget us when you're basking in rays of sunshine sunnie- 
And talking about her fuckzone
That she will never leave
i have yet to go fishin, it ain't summery yet Lol xD
lolol woow
ooh sunnie- you go fishing?
i do
you are now officially cooler than me
it's been too cold or rainy hah
irc has been so intense today
i just finished something
that was supposed to be done at 2:30OM
PM*
ah
phew, finally
i cant seem to get into debating 
less than before lol xD
i didn't get much work done today :(
i was going to say i want cake but i'm not trying to hit on cakeforallofyou :D
that's fair.
Cake is never fair
it tastes amazing
then goes straight to your thighs
y u betray me cake?
So what happened?
Drok nuked ad?
lol Architect 
 
why can't i just have my cake
AtlasB: apparently PJ and Blushing peaced
and eat it too? ;_;
you could just have a little bit of cake SMS 
so the room got nuked
Planejane peaced, blushing is lost in the ether
At the moment
Lol ether
she has her ppd throwaway account
you could messager her there
why?
she's banned here
oooh, forgot about that
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43y52t/discussion_is_lifelong_romantic_love_an_illusion/
for the record cold showers suck
How long has she been banned? Like a month?
she was banned since before Xmas
like november?
so 2.5 months??
ish
cold showers are bad
also
taking a hot shower and getting out to very cold bathroom
also horrible
Showers in general, horrible
I haven't bathed in years
yea, don't do them
loll witzie 
my geyser is currently tripping my power when I switch it on
so cold showers for me until the landlord gets it fixed
"I estimate 1% of all men and 2% of all women meet their soulmates."
blech at the concept of "soulmates"
stupid crap we tell children
yep
me too\
like the is this "one"
what if he/she died
before you met
sorry for you
nope
I dont buy it
people just expect to meet "the one" and then everything will be happily ever after
"Frankly, all of the married people that I know are unhappy. "
instead of meeting "good enough" and working at loving
I call bullshit
I know plenty of happy married people
mostly my family members
me too
even my parents are happy as clams in their second marriages
"Can't imagine that many men will truly love a girl who would be someone's cumdumpster, got gangbanged etc and then wants commitment and "is ready for something serious now"."
they're delusional as hell
part solipsism, part revenge fantasy
right
cause "girls" are only as valuable as their sexual utility
and no man ever wants more from a woman he marries
the kinds of things they think ~most~ women get up to is astounding 
i think soulmate can work as a concept, it's just not what people think it is
i think there are people you're supremely compatible with/for
but it's not like it's celestially destined
you also need to be willing and able to put in the work
soulmate might be a good way to manipulate kids into being more selective or exclusive
yep relationships take work
soulmate makes it sound easy
it's a fairytale love
right
guys i need to order a shirt worthy of having milo yianopoulos sign the back of next tuesday
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43y50b/are_men_not_attracted_to_confidence_as_much_as/czlyfan
you guys are my soulmates though
Architect++
lol
I'd be super interested in tying him to a tree and leaving him there
flattery will get you everywhere
that post actually doesnt bother me 
at least he's not tryharding there
I mean.... not as much
lol
I was gonna say...
my standards for bdtb are really low at this point tbh
"oh look he didnt call anyone a cunt. how nice!"
hahaha
sadly, I get that
https://www.reddit.com/user/rick__1
oh lord. that was who we thought it was, btw
same IP address
lol, how you just try to steal some new friends
i think i should move to manitowoc county and be a lawyer
seems like a great job
what is with clients
one just called me
I need a resolution for my meeting at 10
I hope ethicsman sucks milos dick on my behalf
so I said please send an email and i will do it
20 minutes later
still no email
how does he think he is gettig a board resolution soonest
if I have no details
clients!
alternative to afetr dark for all the pervy pervs
#PPDRejectAlley
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43yko0/whats_up_with_female_friendship_entitlement/
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43pnzm/in_this_situation_would_you_believe_your_so/czlc6ff?context=3
hehehe
lifterofthings is my hero
Well, its a response.
not a good one to a hell of a conundrum follow up.  But its a response.
well wombat was just snarking at her with no real substance
so I think that warranted that particular level of dgaf
the "disrespecting your captain" snipe?  I'd say that was a little left field, but not completely without substance.
"if you don't let him go out with the boys for lap dances while you scrub the house?"
I can't think of a single rpw who'd be ok with their SO going out for lap dances
she's just sniping at her for having a red flair
when she gave a pretty reasonable answer that would be hard for either pill to find fault with
"be ok with" No, definetly not.  "allow/accept" under C/fm . . . hmmm
I really don't think most rpw would allow their SOs to go out to get a lap dance
I could be wrong
but I don't see it happening
interesting thought, as a rpw, is it "disrespectful" to kaibosh your guy going for lap dances with "the guys"?
would a RP man in a LTR consider it disrespectful?
this bot couldn't give a fuck today
idk. most rpw aren't dating rp men though
they're just dating normal dudes who are into the whole traditional thing
most rpw wouldn't want a rp man, from what I hear
incompatible goals
spinning plates doesn't go so well with marriage and babies
there go my #RelationshipGoals
LifterOfThings++
any rpw here, sorry if I'm getting this wrong! rpw are pretty much just trying to be pleasant, agreeable, feminine women in their relationships. let the man lead, etc. but they also vet pretty carefully to make sure the man they pick isn't a total dipshit
if i don't start "emotional affairs" or stuff that significantly increase probability of infidelity, stuff an SO cares about, i'd expect that level of consderation from her. makes sense to me
RPW is a relationship style that is believed to function better for their goals
iinm
they don't think they should be submissive to all men, just their man
who they pick carefully
look at the interaction with wombat. a lot of people deny it but this is how some of our interactions with feminists go
i would not get a lap dance if i had a RPW wife
lifter was agreeing with a man about how they avoid temptation
she's made accomodations for me so I would do the same for her
wombat goes straight for the woman
because it's ok if the man limits himself
but if the woman does that to be considerate or for her own reasons
that's wrong because she should be more aggro and dominant. it bothers wombat that lifter chose not to
nah, I think it's the red flair
it's like bulls
wombat saw red and charged!
you know what's interesting
making your flair female on TBP doesn't seem to change much
?
i ran a social experiment on tbp
I don't like tbp's stock flairs
they're ugly
custom flair ftw
they are actually
the main CSS is also really ugly
those fucking HAMSTERS
F is so confused about that. "so you guys are the hamsters, right?" 
"no, hamsters are BAD"
#teamCuddlyFurDrop
"then why are there hamsters on your fucking banner?!"
hamsters are awesome
one hamster would have been fine
i think if I explained this to anyone i know in real life they'd think this was all absolutely crazy
not some shitty SA-style forum
Architect thinks I have the lamest hobby in all of existance
*F
not architect
wtf
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/64/44/39/6444390219ee76a1fe0abeafbfc6c498.jpg
lloooolll
just look
hamsters are illegal in hawaii
no lie
does aZombieKitten need tech support??
lol
aZombieKitten needs technology period
why mads?
becuase they are pests and when they get out, they fuck like crazy
i imgaine
imagine
yeah architect
they fuck with the native wildlife
and plantlife
reading this rpw stuff,  its . . . . oddly bland given its aguably supposed to be the counterpart to TRP.
this reporter plays so much hardball
painfully quite in here.   did everyone go off to fap or something?
is hydrogen peroxide good for cuts?
no
your blood cleans itself, it's proper first aid procedure not to steralze
short answer yes:  long answer: no no no no no.
sterilize
?
soooo seriously just run cold water over it, neosporin and bandage it?
that seems so dirty
depends on how deep or ragged the cut is.
pretty deep but not so deep that it needs stitches
i need to retake my first aid 
straight cut from a knife
little splash of peroxide, followed by hot running water is pretty clean.
this reminded me
shit
neosporine is actually pretty neutral to healing.
crazy glue is actually the best though.
it seems to have sealed itself shut with dried blood
(sorry, tmi)
yes madscilove, 'cause scabby cuts are the worst thing ever discussed in here ;)  
lol
good point
I'd say just blast it with hot water, and bandage it.  Unless you handle fecal matter or dead animal goo often, its not likly to get any kind of infection.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43x57g/does_anyone_else_describe_themselves_as_no_pill/
oh no
it's from this morning, so that's what I did. usually when I get knife wounds I splash peroxide on them every night
now that crazy woman thinks she can come camp in my no pill zone
but I'm rethinking that now
I am not ok with that
so yeah, water and bandage it is.
we have the best bandaids at work
i steal them
questioningwoman? wasnt that the greek lady previously?
the bandaid my coworker gave me smells like cologne
it's very weird
omgawd
my friend bought me a colonge that actually lasts
im so happy
 /tangent
what kind?
um
let me go see
jovan musk
I don't think it's anything fancy
it sounds like the musk of a big russian man
named Jovan
da comrade
watch mouth or yuri break leg
da
https://www.etsy.com/listing/85342949/burlesque-lounge-perfume-oil-fragrance?ref=shop_home_active_9&ga_search_query=burlesque
this is my favorite perfume
it looks like cough syrup
no joke
http://www.fragrantica.com/perfume/Clinique/Aromatics-in-White-28532.html
what does it smell like?
this is my new favourite
I got a handbag size one for free yesterday
and it works so well on my skin
yay!
"Patchouli, black leather and tobacco with a floral hint of Frankincense"
I don't know how to describe it. kind of like incense and leather jackets
tha sounds pretty awesome.
that's not how I imagine you smelling
very simular to what I wear.
architect: please don't tell me you imagined me smelling like flowers
what do you wear, saint?
*cough* I was going to say a hawaiian lei of flowers
its a secret.   but  . .. 
this girl I knew in highschool
had a perfume
and she used to sit on my lap
and it was the most intoxicating smell ive ever smelt
ive never smelt it again
you probably never will again
unless you see her
perfumes react differently on people
so even if you knew the perfume she wore
its likely that someone else wearing it would smell different
:"(
'tis true.   Buddy of mine tried to copy my scent, smelled like death and ass on him for some reason.
my friend and I got the same free perfume yesterday
did not work for her
did for me
my asian lady friend gave me a cologne she bought by accident without realizing it was for men
the clinique one you linked?
but it made me smell like a woman
even though it worked well on me
#irony
I refuse to wear girly scents
I don't like the way they smell
so sweet and floral
because...you're not sweet or floral?
:P
you're tough and leathery
das right
I don't even like girly scents on other people, though
I hate when a girl walks by and her hair has that cloud of sweet shampoo smell
really?
interesting
yeah, it's gross to me
morning
all the girls I've been interested in have been the unscented variety
I mean, they smell like people. not candies and flowers.
ok
I was like "umm"
"were they aliens?"
so thats why there were no belly buttons
heya redmanbearpig
maybe they were reptilians in human suits like us
OMG that reminds me
i bought my girl a scent collection for christmas, body shop stuff, can't remember what its called.
mads I linked the Clinique on
its nice
but yes
it is girly
it goes with my new bright oink lipstick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZDUEilS5M4 this song is great if you sing along
and replace all the words "breaks" with "snakes"
susandeath> it goes with my new bright oink lipstick
oink lipstick?
PINK
ooh! I bet that looks great on you
you have such great coloring for bright pink
I love clinique gift tim
their free lipsticks without fail look good on me
Clinque++
that's the snakes, that's the snakes! 
snakes in a car, snakes on a train. snakes to make you go insane...
what is up with zombie todat?
today
I'm irrationally annoyed 
at what?
at you
the bot is being crazy
lol
everything, apparently 
:"(
trp told me your tears are just  a shit test
and whatever the fuck azk has going on over there
msg #purplepilldebate say no good being annoyed dragoness I am here for your soul
life is a shit test madscilove 
we all lose sometimes
and I'm hot
.msg #purplepilldebate say no good being annoyed dragoness I am here for your soul
brag about it
I will cut you ppdbot
ha, arch. I just realized how that came out
.msg #purplepilldebate say bitch you don't even know what kind of knives I've got
"im annoyed im so haaawwt"
.msg #purplepilldebate say come at me bro


do not RIP
lol, aggressive
.msg #purplepilldebate say OUCH that hurt dragoness
msg #purplepilldebate say dragoness: You have one minute before you will be kicked for failure to auth and hide hostmask. Instructions are located in the topic.
.msg #purplepilldebate say dragoness: You have one minute before you will be kicked for failure to auth and hide hostmask. Instructions are located in the topic.
oh now you're just fucking with me
.msg #purplepilldebate say Welcome to #purplepilldebate, dragoness >:)
I hate u
lol, are you ok?
I don't think I've ever seen a bot get stabbed before.
.msg #purplepilldebate say Architect: You have one minute before you will be kicked for failure to auth and I WILL EAT YOUR SOUL hide hostmask. Instructions are located in the topic.
hahaha
um
my soul is staying where it is
in the box
on my nightstand
speaking of perfumes,  http://saje.ca/Perfumes/goddess-perfume-4351.html  this was one of them, it came in a set with 3 others, which i cant seem to find.
ah.  I'm just retarded.   http://saje.ca/Perfumes/natural-perfume-collection-222743.html     
.msg #purplepilldebate act steals architects box of soul
nuuuu
who REALLY is PPDBot ?
we know nothing about him
other than he loves judging people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9ypdIf85gI
perfume is for pussies
ok, so... men should just learn how to dance
I'm not convinced that's how you become attractive
.msg #purplepilldebate say I am your god, bow before me
I like dancing
And it has it perks
people
can you leanr how to spell bawling
I really hate reading
"balling his eyes" out
damint
that would be completely different
but susan
unless he is
he's taking them out with a melon baller
well thats fine
then
if he is doing it
if he is crying
its bawling
which is a terrible word anyway
get a new one
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/43wk5m/update_my_23f_boyfriend_28m_of_8_years_says_im/
I am going bawling with my mates
is that what you mean susandeath?
I think she means crying
but they spell it in a way that implies they're scooping their eyes out
I know
and I am referring to bowling
lol
sry, I was distracted by dancers
bowling RMBP
thats what you do
unless you sit in a circle and cry your eyes out
which is bawling
or brawling
which is fighting
I could believe that
I was being obtuse susandeath
but not bawling
ooh
I missed it
np
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43vbu9/is_it_wrong_for_a_woman_to_expect_a_man_to_be/czl8aq5
who the fuck is this?
why does he keep pinging us?
?
hm obtuse is not the word I'm looking for
joke?
intentionally obtuse? 
messing with me?
We call it "stabbing the dragon" in the Netherlands

no more like
thats awesome I like it
"Stabbing you with the dragon"
which makes total sense trust me
and yes it is me being intentionally obtuse to mess with people
like "pulling someone's leg"
yes
I feel like I'm in an ESL class right now
damn the mods nuked the hell out of that thread
wait why is afterdark invite only now?
k
im going to bed
night 
night humans
RedManBearPig> wait why is afterdark invite only now?
it's dead
atm
no, like forever
disbanded
okay then
why?
couple reasons. from what I gather, problems with having a room that big unmodded
a few other things too
but that's basically it. drama was happening and it was getting dragged out of afterdark. drok and pj decided to close it
okay
so we are going to keep the drama here
there will probably be less drama
a lot of the problem was banned users or people with bad blood with ppd congregating there
uhu
it was also not really fulfilling its purpose as a chat about sex. I think we want to keep more of the ppd-type conversations in here
well, that and someone throwing a tantrum AT PJ over a debate that she had nothing to do with.
What debate?
nothing unusual. a debate got heated last night, as always
somehow it got out of hand
it wasn't even that big a deal. people just got snarky
anyway. neither side was totally blameless in that. I don't buy into the whole "it was all architect's fault" thing that some people have got in their heads
it was pj's job as a mod to keep people from shit talking people in her room, if she wanted us to enforce the same
which we discussed with her earlier as a mod team
it's over, no harm no foul. she's still not banned here and she can come back if she wants
although I don't think she will
no one person can be at fault for a debate that gets heated
SoP if you have something to say, don't be a puss about it
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/nwlqO6K2/FOP5v92.jpg
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/43w0kl/me_30m_with_my_wife_30f_of_4_years_had_sex_with/
oh man
hahaha
dragoness++
oh man
;p
That's what I thought
alright knock it off
stop antagonizing him
How's your new room doing bro?
we've had enough of that in the last 24 hours
really both of you
its enough
Fine fine fine.
Little faggot coward
HEY
enough!
next one who says a fucking cross word to the other is getting kicked for the night
seconded
take it to PM if you really have something to say
#PPDMMA awaits
oh shit is THAT what that's for
we were trying to figure it out one night
lol
on a wholly unrelated note, "mallow cream" is disgusting
fucking nasty melted marshmallow goo
even with bacon.
D:
why would you do that to bacon
where would you get such stuff madscilove
and why?
ugh, that reminds me of Peeps 
I had to "cook" with it at work today
experimenting? it sounded like a good idea?  'cause  beer?
it comes in a can
and we put it on pancakes
oh, does it have a blue top?
we melted it into heavy cream
nah it was a metal can
I think I've seem something like that in little plastic jars
hm
even worse :3
but it sounds like "malo" which is hawaiian for basically "men's loincloth"
so people kept saying what sounded like "malo cream"
....eww
uum
yeah
ew
"is the malo cream thick enough? try tasting it"
D:
hey passerby6, you're from rpw, right?
I am! Although I haven't been confirmed so the ppd bot says I'll be kicked out soon
that was indeed "soon"
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/43wtcm/my_boyfriend_28m_keeps_telling_me_26f_that_i_dont/
I dislike it when women go an confirm AWALT
really!
hey all
Mash
Mashakos?
:D
thank you bot
LMAOOOOOOOOO "I use my phone a lot. I check social media a lot. It's one of my hobbies. Tumblr, Instagram, Twitter, etc. Pinterest and sometimes things like Buzzfeed or Huffpo, Facebook, etc."
she does her hair and nails too bro
and gym
she gyms
I mean, those sound like kind of boring hobbies, but it's a stupid problem to have with someone
he doesn't want to spend time with her, he just wants her to do things that he finds more acceptable
yeah
like he goes and plays video games
which she finds boring
this sounds so fake it's hilarious
I dunno
well, not so much fake as stereotypical.
ok
what guy mentions programming as a way to spend time together?
guys into technology.
on the flipside, what girl blatantly admits to being an attention whore?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/43x63l/me_23_f_with_my_boyfriend_20_m_of_three_months/
3 months
my fiance tried to get me to learn programming and fuck around with a raspberry pi with him
why is she even there
I'm so incredibly uninterested in tech
you dont stay for shit like this 3 months in
are you serious madscilove ? lol
"bae will you error check me after we finish compileing"?
yeah, he bought me a pi for my birthday one year
lmao
...it ended up becoming his present after sitting untouched for a few months
that's like my girl getting me a knitting kit for my birthday
one of my guy friends is like that
run bitch run
that's just bizarre to me
lol Mashakos. exactly!
J is the best at presents
re: knitting kit
I actually do like knitting
best case scenario the raspberry pi present is ignored, worst case scenario it gets resurrected in an argument
"Yeah I probably should have gotten therapy after the last boyfriend; forced open relationship and the witch cult I suffered through because I wanted friends.."
lolwut
I am really curious about the raspberry pi. What can you tell me about it mashakos?
that is some serious social retardation, no offense to your ex madscilove 
oh. he's not my ex
I'm marrying him
lol
whoops
lolol
haha
witch cult  what?
RedManBearPig: the raspberry pi is an underpowered circuit board. The new zero version is more attractive at $5
you can use it to build a creepshot robot
which witch cult?
But you can do pretty cool stuff from what I've seen
can slide under girls toilets
I prefer the pineapple
that's from the post susandeath linked
cooler hacker tech
the which witch switch witch which switch cult?
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/43wtcm/my_boyfriend_28m_keeps_telling_me_26f_that_i_dont/czlr84s
my sides.
https://www.wifipineapple.com/
"I am a tumblr power user with an art blog. [...] I spend a lot of time collecting content (art from websites) to share on tumblr."
I bet he has a hentai porn blog
"power user"
or furries
Dude that's not a real hobby
#tenticalsneedsextooguys
is that like power bottom
That's like people being in love with rollercoasters
haha
You are just mentally ill
hahah
you're not collecting content, you asshole. you're basically mooching other people's art
rollercoasters!
lol
should make that my new hobby
actually
in grade school i think thats called a "collage"
maybe I should knit on roller costers
then I can call myself a "power knitter"
I will accept a collage as art
not tumblr though
man let me reblog someone eles's art work
that makes me sooo awesome
no
no
its does not
susandeath https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXGn9mvxYPU
but she's a POWER USER susandeath
she should do it on a roller coaster
RMBP I cant watch that
Im at work
my hobby is judging other people's hobbies
youtube be blocked
awhg
lol mads
the stupid clerks at my office didnt do their work and then got caught on facebook
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/43u0w8/i_hate_having_fwb_relationships_it_makes_me_feel/
this may sound a bit extreme but, you know, maybe stop doing that?
crazy idea I know
you shitlord misogynist
dragoness
lol dragoness 
#Patriarchy 
time to swallow the red pill OP
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/43u0w8/i_hate_having_fwb_relationships_it_makes_me_feel/czm1e0e
"Man, if a guy had to warn me after every time we went out that it was not a date I'd feel super humiliated. Stop agreeing to that, wtf."
yeah
that girl knows what she talking about
I find girls like that annoying "ooh let's find a guy who promises nothing at all and bribe a commitment out of him! profit!"
dragoness_leclerq+++
little do you know!
hah
morrrnninnnnggg
Man, if a guy had to warn me after every time we went out that it was not a date I'd feel super humiliated. Stop agreeing to that, wtf.
" And what we're doing IS dating. I don't need all the magic and expensive shit and expectations. Just come over, hang out, watch hockey and let's cook. It's that simple."
wait
sorry for repeat paste
let that sink in
dragoness: jamming the red pill down their throats! lol
https://iy.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/43z3wt/me_18f_with_my_boyfriend_20m_of_3_months_cheated/
that shit is girl game 101
for real!!
I don't even have to read the post to know the answer to that question
FUCKING DUMP HIM
hehe
dating 3 months, he cheated, lets keep dating him
what is wrong with people
I'm at a loss right now
people be idiots
that people are this fucking stupid
...HOW!?
He took away my choice to leave him,
"but muh feeeeelings. I loooooove him"
no you don't, stfu
BULLSHIT!
BULLSHIT BULLSHIT!
heh, my girl is so red pill: "boys grow into men like that, it's the women that stop growing"
"This is a stinger for me as I experienced a pretty traumatic incident not too long ago involving a stranger completely taking advantage of me in the worst way a girl could be taken advantage of."
okay
we were having a conversation about how boys who were teased by girls get respected once they are 6'2" and 200 lbs
obviously TRP is making alts to generate content for their sub
dragoness++
quite likely
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/K4VUdsGJ/
bullshit meter at full capacity
yep
what university has random co-ed rooms?
none
random co-ed rooms and showers need to be a thing.
actually, off campus student housing is like that
and you actually do get randomly assigned roommates. you can agree to one of another gender
oh, interesting
yeah my uni accommodation had 4 girl and 4 boys in a flat
the college I went to had random roommates but all same gender
but we were literally ROOMmates
so there's that
yeah
the idea of roommates confuses the shit out of me
we dont have roommate rooms over here
thank fucking god it was only freshman year. I'd have killed that girl
unless you're a couple in which case you can get a double room if you apply for it
if a girl was randomly assigned a male roommate I believe there would be some leeway afforded to her if she requested a transfer
my university was like "we'll give you dorms for the first year but after that you're SOL. good luck in oakland!
yeah Mashakos 
right
We have dormmates in europe
not roommates
so even if she's not bullshitting, she still kind of wants to live with this guy
redmanbearpig: like, you get your own room?
yes
always
D: that's so awesome
we had bunk beds. some rooms had four people in them
wha the fuccckkkkkk
ikr!
no closet either
btw
LOL
my sisters uni had bunkbed rooms that you could apply for and they'd be super cheap but you'd never just be allocated them
I have a room of 18m2
and a balcony of 8m2
all for myself
we had flats with separate  rooms with locks on the doors haha
a balcony too, gtfo
and now im just in a normal house
we have a balcony but we're not allowed on it :( the landlord says students cant be trusted not to accidentally kill themselves
"Unless your University is utter garbage or really a cult, this is one of those situations where a room swap is totally a thing that can happen. Seriously. Contact an RA or the person in charge of housing. These people exist"
TY
haha
I spent 70% of my budget on a shared apartment. YOLO
(in college)
crap. that reminds me I need to call my friend back
so far I've ghosted on her when she tried to make plans, agreed to go to her birthday party and didn't show up, and ignored her phone call today
why?
I forgot about the party and was at work when she called
whoops
I'm not very good with phones and remembering to get back to people
yeah
great. she hates you now.
I'll call her tomorrow
Mashakos: probably!
my life story
till I learned not to let the P have free reign
https://iy.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43y52t/discussion_is_lifelong_romantic_love_an_illusion/czm2ri6
gosh
this coffee woman
I am starting to think she hates herself
free reign P? sounds messy.
maybe not messy, more disorganised
clients man
I tell you what
I send the guy
2 mails
cause he needs to be appointed as a director like last week
but he doesnt give me his info
today
I get
Message received from him
still no info
like what am I supposed to do with that
the message dear sir has not been received UNTIL you ACT on it
spam.  lots of emails. if you have a higher up, CC them, and get them to spam for you?
I gonna include their boss, who is our actual client in the mail
good idea.  CC over BCC though, ;) little different if they know their boss is getting tapped too.
oh always CC
I also said MR xxx
the boss
said this was urgent in the body of my mail
so hopefully this will work
truthfully, "urgent" is often mentally filtered out.
"FINAL" on the other hand . . .
hmm
I try that next
pbs actually mentioning hypergamy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJ8LzkIfmxw
preach milo, preach https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-3tiNIZB4Q
quite in here.
all the chatty types are in reject alley
yay.
what happened to ppdafterdark?
kapoot.
there was a thing
and it got nuked
wow
Good morning
Hello
morning
Toddlers are the best alarm clocks...
hahaha so are dogs that need to go out
wet nose in the face :)
lol my sister loves animals, I'm sure she can vouch for that :)
Even though I "hate it" when I first wake up (ten more minutes!), I love being awake when it's dark, quiet, and R (my husband) is still sleeping. 
oh yeah, quiet mornings are the best
even on weekends i'm usually up by 6 reading or online
I drink my coffee and check the news (and Reddit), while my son eats a banana and drinks his milk -- so nice. 
That's good. 
R use to complain I was wasting daylight when I use to sleep in all the time
But I usually worked until 11:30-midnight, so he didn't push it, just teased
Is it cold where you live?
it's supposed to be but we have been having 60F afternoons lately
I've been seeing lots of snow for most of the country.... (I'm assuming you live in the US...)
which is fine with me :)
yes
usually we have ice storms all winter
Yikes!
but this winter it's been really warm and nice
middle of the country - The Great American Outback :)
I live in the SW desert. Cactus, tumbleweeds, and lots of dirt! I get cold when temps get lower than 72 :P
i love the SW - we go there all the time
so beautiful
Year-round travel or as a "snowbird" :)
just driving around on vacation
usually visiting geological things :)
I have family in MN and IL, I think their homes are beautiful! So much color! 
brrr visit in the summer
i have a cousin that lives in MN - her kids snowboard all the time so i guess thats cool
The last few times I went back was in October. <3 But then we hop back on the plane when the cold starts biting
I went to MN once in the Summer and got eaten alive
Then I understood why MN's state bird is the mosquito ;)
hahaha
Have you visited many states?
When you travel
I've been to...maybe four states
But I'd like to travel more (RV style) when we get older
yeah we have gone to most of them except the reall far away ones like northwest and far northest
my husband wants an old minnie winnie
like this https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/0c/22/61/0c2261f72b5d13d8cc77e289de04331e.jpg
That looks fun Tempy :) do you ever go to TV shows? We went to one ; sales pressure was substantial
Not TV, RV*
no we havent
he wants to get a trashed one and redo the inside all neat
i think it would be more fun to do something like this http://d1tl7eew7xldwu.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Tiny-House-19.jpg
but with a newer truck :)
LOL I like that. Rehabbing one yourself is definitely the way to go
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/b2/36/a6/b236a69567f5ec432b1f700829d15dcd.jpg
this might be overdoing it lol http://i.huffpost.com/gen/3118186/thumbs/o-K-900.jpg?3
if somebody stole that
No way! Second one is awesome.
would it be grand theft auto or grand theft homo?
another view lol http://i.huffpost.com/gen/3116768/thumbs/o-K-900.jpg?2
i just love the idea of making a cute camper
Rofl witzie
but i like the idea also of having a reliable vehicle under it
Okay the last one, with the mini touretts - too far :P
hahahaha
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/fd/d8/29/fdd8299e660703dca27cc986d2f36702.jpg
http://tinyhouseswoon.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/golden-bay-house-truck-5.jpg
Now would those have hookups and a bath? Or would you stay where public wash rooms were
could totally live there
just poop as you are driving down the road :)
lol;jk
Lollllolll I would panic!
That last one is really nice. Are you considering downsizing in general or would it just be for an on the go / trip thing
once we were on amtrak going to NYC and were disturbed that when we flushed you could see the railroad ties going past
probably just trips
so human waste was just spread along the tracks
i guess thats why the tracks are in bad neighborhoods
http://imgur.com/gallery/kBTEG33 WingN 
or vice versa
Holy balls that's unreal
On second thought, amtrak is government run....
hahaha
there are signs in the bathroom that say "don't flush when the train is in the station"
hahaha
Wow. Nothing like acknowledging the issue. I wonder how prevalent that is
If you like your spouse, that's the best way to travel imo. Rv/camper style. Everything else Is just so cumbersome.
i think it would be fun
this would probably appeal to my husband http://www.tinyhouseliving.com/6x6-off-road-cabin-on-an-army-truck/
wish bot would stop pushing these genders roles on us
or a box truck decked out inside like a U-Haul
or something
Jack4ss: sup boy
..
how are you griddy.
hey griddy :D
hey yall hey
any updates on those PPD assholes? :D
http://tinyhousetalk.com/tag/box-truck/
me?
yeah
me?
stealth camper
philly police department
Sunhappy are you happy with your list positon
I am gonna go get extra money
ohhh
rofl
I was super awesome in my fight2 weeks ago
i was like purple pill debate?
Jack4ss: i dont' remember where i ranked
idk
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/ehV8214q/nancy%20(1).png
how cool am I!
EXTRA cool
yes
Haha very masculine ones for him
lol what is that
very much wow cool
that is susans demon which follows her
griddy thats me
in my rp game
she draw it so everyone can see what is haunting her
Sunhappy: hmmm the charges were filed. his warrant is still in limbo
yeah i'd rather have a gypsy wagon :)
I am a Shaktar
called Nancy
look at my gold lipstick
there's an RP game 
lol
its the bomb
sexy
roleplaying
tabletop
like dnd
only this is SLA Industries
ahh i see i see
lol
although i think the box truck is a neat idea and would have lots of room 
Haha gypsy wagon! Perfect wording.
http://img.youtube.com/vi/XGPNFQywhHM/0.jpg
NOW THAT is awesome
https://www.google.com/search?q=gypsy+wagon&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjK_r6z7NvKAhWrwYMKHW_WAW8Q_AUIBygB&biw=1280&bih=891
these are ALL awesome lol
There goes my productivity for the day
hahahahaha
ooo another good idea - with a box truck you can cover the top wil solar panels
*with
Some of them have the cutest little stoves!!
https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/43y843/waifu_wars_polyamory_vs_monogamy/
i can't even
wow some have wood burning stoves - i have a teeny one on my back porch and it weighs a ton!
Yeah on second thought, probably not a great idea on fuel efficiency being so heavy
hahaha http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1963644/thumbs/o-GYPSY-CARAVAN-4-900.jpg?11
Adorable
I'd think  a cabover style would be more...secure? Thinking of wind-y roads
once you go too deep into inceldom, you go waifu
it's just sad
yeah - and my husband hates hauling trailers - i think the plain on the outside, cute on the inside box truck would be the way to go
oh this is neat http://tinyhousetalk.com/modern-bicycle-micro-gypsy-wagon/
lol
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/19qayBBg/
once we were driving through the CA mountains and somewhere near Bishop we saw a motel that was made of decorated storage sheds - it was really cute
this whole thread is full of gems
https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/43ydm9/eli5im_jewish_i_only_hear_about_the/czm6se5
AtlasB: 
By BIKE?! I'd get to the end of the block and quit. No way Jose.
yeah lol me too
that waifu shit is bad
put a motor on that bike and maybe
why are there so many of these losers?
Storage sheds - that had to be cool.
it was so cute - those storage sheds with the teeny porches
all made to look like log cabins - area around them hardscaped with paths and little planters full of flowers and greenery
Waifu polyamory??/
I'm a Brit, I've always worked on the assumption that any problem around the world was probably created by us somewhere along the line. The whole 'proud to be British' thing has always seemed a bit hollow. We do have some good things though
100% true
Brits should have never been in charge of America
Sorry about that. R woke up and we were playing with our son, then breakfast. All good stuff. I like all those tiny houses
I showed him the bicycle caravan and he thought those would be great for homeless people :]
hahaha
well....
That's the way to do it -- real hard scape, structuring it as though you were spending more time outside when you park
https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/43y843/waifu_wars_polyamory_vs_monogamy/
"waifu wars" 
hahahaha
http://i.huffpost.com/gen/978204/original.jpg
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/hPP6lpzp/
the mod is a woman?
that's some mad attention whoring
wow.  and wow.  and . .. . wow.
these people are so broken
lol a barrel 
The things people come up with...
hilarious
we who simply have a non-traditional love
did you have waifus in the 80s
what's a waifu?
i still don't understand!
maybe it's better that you dont
its a pillow.  with a picture of a girl on it.  Sometimes with a suspicious placed pocket.
here's an excerpt from the sidebar of r/waifuism
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/2TpK6bu6/
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/H58LN4CO/
even its own sub can't tell me what it is
because they can't truthfully describe it
because it sounds ridiculous
someone just tell me what it is
is it like anime polygamy?
omg
its a pillow they fuck, and pretend to have a loving relationship with, instead of with humans.
i hate that i was close enough http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Waifu
whaaaa
I'd stay there!
Sunhappy: what's a waifu? <- you sweet, sweet summer child
"Reddit has so many conversations about biotruths and whether we're meant to be polygamist or monogamist. Sociologists and anthropologists have studied human mating behaviors for as long as we can remember. But somehow, seeing a society in action pressuring others to stay monogamous to preserve moral integrity really puts it in perspective. Maybe people just
transfer whatever monogamist morals they developed in childhood onto their waifuism, but I like to pretend it's watching the beginning of a human society establishing rules for itself."
http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/innovation/man-3-d-prints-backyard-castle-plans-two-story-house-n190316
saint is it actually a pillow?
far as I've seen anyway.
howwww
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/donald-trump-pope-francis-among-2016-nobel-peace-prize-candidates/
It's now always a pillow
is it occasionally a loveseat now? are fat waifus a thing?
i want a love seat
You can have a waifu without the pillow
You just claim her is my understanding
:OO
claim
Yes claim
You just say "This is my waifu now" BAM you got yourself a waifu
damn
that easy
this is sounding more and more appealing
and i can do whatever i want with her?
unlike with a real wife, you dont have to pick her up or anything
....odd conversation
aslong she is not a real person yes
watch movies, draw her, go on dates?
pretty sure thats the appeal
but i cant have more than one waifu
yes jack4ss
because then the whole waifu concept looks silly
?
dunno
reddit scares me
everytime i think i've reached the depths
a door opens
and there's a new universe of wtf
waifu polygamy is improper
thats what they were talking about
having multiple waifus is just wrong
why
do you waifus get jealous?
its disrespectful to the imaginary cartoons to spin them like plates
i mean none of it makes sense
then again, some people said that being against waifu polyamory is bigotry
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/donald-trump-pope-francis-among-2016-nobel-peace-prize-candidates/
you need to account for their feeligns
it goes against waifu rules apparently
thats what the linked thread was about
if you read it
line them all up and shoot themin the head
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/440f30/why_is_trp_so_obsessed_with_white_women/
hahhahahahahahah carkudo!  https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/440f30/why_is_trp_so_obsessed_with_white_women/czmcrc1
:O
he made a funny <3
im excited!
im registering for my license to carry this weekend
AtlasB: where can i buy a gun in this city
i know you know the best places lol
i buy in willow grove
or up here in pine valley
go to delaware sports
hold on
yay
get a taurus
hold on
dotn get a 22
why?
get a 380 ACP
illumine me
.22 plinks off a bad guys head
ahh okay
you want a 380 ACP double action
its the best girl gun
i havent shot anything since 15
hold in
griddy you have a gun license?
http://www.delawarevalleysportscenter.com/gunshop.html
you dotn need a license
was the application tough?
Sunhappy: no, i'm registering however
we can't own in dc :(
you dont need a license to own
just to carry
if my h wasnt insane id meet you there
however i still want the L2C
AtlasB: lmao okay
theyll help you
thanks for the suggestions!
its liek right around the corner from me :(
aww i'll be breathing your air
your gun toting air
http://www.budsgunshop.com/catalog/index.php/cPath/915_801/Guns+for+the+Ladies/
3rd one down
is a 380 acp
isnt it cute?
so concealable
if you have to ask Katniss_Granger ?
probably lol
hahahaha
aw little 357 magnum with pink grip
so cute
ilove this gun
kel tec
http://www.budsgunshop.com/catalog/product_info.php/cPath/915_801/products_id/46602/Kel-Tec+P-32-PK-GN+P-32+7%2B1+32ACP+2.7%22+Parkerized
32 ACP
cheap
267!
want
double action only semi auto
sweet
double action with a clip griddy thats what you want
i couldnt pull back the slid eon the 22 with my gay little hands
it's really weird when i start seeing RP stuff on my newsfeed on FB
world's colliding !
https://www.facebook.com/BuzzFeedCanada/photos/a.1432666403674988.1073741827.1431595910448704/1668415866766706/?type=3
Sunhappy: yeah the pillosphere even bled into my personal life last year. i heard a few girls joking about "alfalfa douchebros" at a house party. 
it's weird!
i don't like it :O
roosh is an awesome popularizer of TRP
i have to commend him for what he accomplshed
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/02/03/an-emerson-college-student-successfully-rented-his-dorm-room-on-airbnb-and-hes-not-the-only-one/
I don't actually care about anything in this article 
all I can say is 10/10 definitely would https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/IIboaXlR/12670076_10207071441679377_7471908781164735218_n.jpg
gross
I can't even explain it
pahahaha weird as shit
something about Roosh just came up on my uni page
on facebook
" A supporter of Roosh V, the pick-up artist, has published a misogynistic guide about women in Newcastle. " 
Alright guys, which of you was it?
idk if it does good things for TRP
if it's most popular person is getting banned from countries on a basis that tehy believe he's advocating for hurting women
if RP thought does it popular
it'll have to start on the women side of things
" Newcastle is one of the easier locations in Europe where girls are completely inebriated" ...well that's just...completely true...actually 
is Newcastle like a georgie area?
okay, this is something that bothers me. I'm seeing this all over my timeline and newsfeed but I'm certain at least half these people don't even know who Roosh is really
lol
yeah it's getting spread fast
they jump on the bandwagon
right
because of some completely bias post
http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/technology-science/technology/virtual-reality-male-sex-toy-7299079
swamped ...
He encourages like-minded men to go to [place]  to find hot 21-year-olds drinking Starbucks...there isnt a starbucks there you twat
"The supporter, who is under the pseudonym El Conquistador divides Newcastle girls into three categories: Locals, students and out-of-town weekend warriors."
This is amazing
wow, I just had a real, visceral reaction to the video in atlas's post. 
really?
haha, swamped with orders... social degradation will accelerate once sex toys become commonplace enough that even UMC folk accept it as common place
like, actual revulsion 
waves of it
how many role model families will be left
whats that dragoness
i mean not just sex toys, but those vr things. if it becomes commonplace and acceptable to just live a happy life of fucking your bot
i mean i'll be happy for those individuals. they're happy, but can't help but think of how drastically that'll change culture
ah, and of course at the end of the article is a poll. "How does VirtuaDolls make you feel? Sick or Sexy". So I guess this is a thing
https://i.imgur.com/Mv2HJUw.jpg
men are crazy
haha
yeah why are you cosplaying like a good catholic schoolgirl witzie? I don't understand, my man brain can"t comprehend
wait til women have to share their men with bots
thank god im old an dwill be dead soon
speakign of
imagine ex machina
lolol
with healthy at any size robot
hahaha
You've seen the movie, AtlasB ?
do fat activists believe that movie could have been made with a fat robot?
oh! yes
i watched it
A+
such a good movie
I knew you'd like it
yes thanks for rining it fo rme sun
sorry yo :(
lol
i still enjoye dit tho
v well done
goo dsuspense
great cinematograhy
great acting
godd dialogue
everything
so a 10/10
rlg
o herro
oh ok nm youre not lurking
hey bebe
whats up
oooh, not much. Waiting for my dad to get here.
My mom's trying to force us on each other for "emotional support". lol
http://akinokure.blogspot.com/2016/02/to-restore-american-industry-regulate.html
How's you?
Hello!
i liekd the dance scene
that was fun
Did you ping me WingN?
sorry i dont know you and thought you were jus tlurking
youre good
carry on
:D
i get real dumb in movies
i never see anythign coming
AtlasB: 
in your expert movie opinion
what would you say is the most romantic movie ever?
i dotn watch romantic movies
saw a list for vday movies
aw
ew
well, even if its not made to be a romantic film?
lol
true romance and legends of the fall
which movie woudl you say has the most romantic elements that you've see
ah
my definition of romance is rands definition
romantic realism
man as a heroic being
i haveno interest in romantic films
like how women mean it
love stories
bleh
you like eternal sunshine though
ok because of its unique narrative structure
and set design
and the elements of sci fo
despite the romance
if someone othe rthan michale gondry had directed
and charlie kaufman had written
thats a v unique film
and very painful
i l ov epainful lol
is it really a "romance" movi elike sunhappy is thinking?
liek is clioverfield?
ok cloverfield is my favorite romantic movie then
lol
and you all know not to say anything bad about cloverfieldin front of me
rofl
^^
i liked eternal sunshine of the spotless mind as well
bad movie sunhappy
it was just different
cloverfield sucks
you like o brother where art thou 
clcik
thats not a romantic movie
o brother where art thou is a great romance movie centered on the importance of being bona fide 
lol
just having a love story
what is cloverfield even about AtlasB ?
doesn tmake it what sunhappy is talkign about
on a meta level its about 911
lol
but to morons
its a godzill amovie
haha
a romantic movie that i like...hmm
but the story revolves around a guy
like titanic or the notebook :3
trying to get to the girl he loves
and rescue her
iirc, it was a "found footage" style godzilla movie
whil eits all going down
yes
BUT
BUT
its a 911 movie
if you watch
120 minutes that shook the world
or whatever its called
the REAL found footage
of 911 
edited together
its cloverfield
identical
cloverfield is the only true 911 film
SELAH
haha
did you ever see that doc witz?
you wont live through it
its too painful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXmeBUZtdI8 lolol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIWKNNer1Cc   the documentary
you can twatch that and cloverfield
and not see what im saying
AtlasB you got any good movie recommendations
hateful 8
seen it :(
lol
what kind of movie
like one with a good idea
xD
i loved ex machina
yeh i loved that
hm
do you like older movies?
or only newer
nah
lol
im ba dwith newer
right
i havent seen a lot of newer films
LOL http://distractify.com/trending/2016/02/02/happened-girl-proof-women-will-get-harassed-street-no-matter-theyre-wearing?utm_content=inf_11_53_2&tse_id=INF_539b04d18e194f16a9e24649dc6d3bf6
we had to put our dog down
what??
Nika's dog? 
the little one?
yeah
just now??
oh no!
yeah
:(
what happened?  D:
noooooooooooooooooo
poor doggy
:(
she was really sick
sorry drok
and she was pretty old
how old was she?
almost 13
:( 
how is Nika?
oh no drok :(
ar eyou guys ok?
upset
what was it's name
bailey
:(
RIP Bailey
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/rU8l928k/IMG_1399.JPG
awwww
poor bbay
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/iijmyJ5t/IMG_1453.JPG
she liked belly rubs, so if you got near her she would always roll on her back
she's so cute :(
sorry drok
i want her
i think i might bring a dog home and put it in the house
and when my mum walks in be like, how did he get in?
lol
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2016/02/02/the-corruption-of-the-american-woman/
http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/43zb01/embarrassing_longterm_struggle_with_butt_acne/
O.o
witzie why lol
why are  women becoming so repulsive
wow AtlasB 
she was so pretty in the first picture
yup
she could have stayed pretty into her 30s with that face
#freedom
but i'm sure she gets more "male attention" now
well its not like she has butt acne on purpose
but its still gross
how does one get butt acne??
serious question
sounds like a skin infection she's confusing with acne honestly
lots of ppl get butt acne
thats common
can't they treat that girl's ass?
like fix it up once she is past the point of having so much acne
about the girl who got catcalled
"despite" what shes wearing
heres how stupid women aree
wearign knee high form fitting boots and tights
is SHOWING YOUR LEGS
the boots dont make your legs invisible
we like legs
they accentuate them
idots
morons
i remember nadia moron wa sshocke di was telling her all over the knee boots were slutty
what???reallly????
idiots
end womens suffrage now
lol
http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/02/donald-trump-is-shocking-vulgar-and.html
https://goodbyeamericainaphoto.wordpress.com/2016/02/02/its-for-the-children/
like riding boots
lololololol
or over the knee boots where no pants are worn
riding boots have always been fetish material fo rmen
over the knee leather boots
hmm
shiny shiny, shiny boots of leather
whiplash girlchild in the darkkkk
severin you rservant comes in bells please dont forsake him
strike dear servant, and cure his heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwzaifhSw2c
https://upvoted.com/2016/02/01/redditor-opens-a-hamster-sanctuary-for-unwanted-hamsters/?utm_content=buffer07745&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer
all hamsters are unwanted.
Does anyone remember Hamtaro?
Yes
That's what that article made me think of
My mother had a very strict "no rodents" pet policy
I had degus.
They were awful
Why'd you have them?
I wanted a cat but my parents wouldn't let me have one. Degus seemed like a good pet alternative at the time.
They weren't.
My sister had a hedgehog and she wasn't thrilled with the experience 
my nephew accidentally killed his hamster when he was about 4
so his mom got him gerbils
She too was looking for a cat replacement, her bf is allergic 
they immediately escaped
then they were just living in the house like mice/rats
AtlasB: thanks! saved all of that info to my Google Drive
drok: aww pup is so cute
looks like my dog
she got them for him because they were "sturdier"
Degus are like giant gerbils.
Wait, riding boots aren't over the knee
Yikes, that's why my mom had the no rodent rule lol
They chewed through every cage to shit all over the house
but yes all over the knee boots are salacious
then she got him a guinea pig
Including the aluminum one we had custom made
They climbed stairs
i dont like soggy dumplings
Wow
They bit anyone who tried to touch them
The only time I could touch them was when they were busy eating, and even then they'd growl at me
damn lol
Crafty buggers eh?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-CDpZhjgsw
That noise
the guinea pig was good though, sturdier and nice
didn't move around much though
Yeah.
women sharing men with sex bots will be bad for them?
some aduly friends of mine have pet rats
the dog died griddy :( 
they seem nice enough
there will be less pressure on them to pleasure them sexually
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/SKCaN6ly/
I've heard rats are intelligent, and interesting.
They're not allowed where I live.
like big white and brown mice
:(
TRP is real world
filozof: do you want your wife to have a sexbot boyfriend
sorry to hear that drok 
whos' 6'3" and ripped
my dog who looked just like it 
and fucks her all the time
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/obesity-sugary-drinks-tax-1.3430090
died a little over a year
Is anybody not aware that soda makes you fat?
Anybody?
Katniss_Granger: rooshg is just trolling
My dad brought home a sickly Bichon Frise
will women want sex bots
tell my local police that, thats ^ their statement haha
or beta bots
who will give them validation and food all the time?
your wife will have an alpha fux bot
and you'll be the beta bux
i'll take 5 big macs, 8 orders of fries, 6 fried pies and a diet coke please
lol
I used to get that when I worked my first job at the fry place
They want a large poutine (fries with cheese and gravy) with extra cheese... and a diet pepsi.
i never liked diet pop - tastes gross
I mean, I guess consuming a 900 calorie meal is better than a 1200 calorie meal.
trolling lol?
I love diet soda. om nom nom.
unsweetened iced tea was so much better - or you know, water
I've kinda gone off it since I got preggers, since I feel bloated all the time anyway and anything carbonated just makes it worse.
I don't see how filozof doesn't see why women wouldn't like men having sexbots
it's pretty obvious he wouldn't want women having sexbots
can you imagine? 
Yeah she was a bichon
men are fooling themselves if they think women won't have big 8 inch tyrone looking robots
I don't get this obsession with sex bots
I don't want to fuck a robot
fucking them senseless with glorious abandon and never getting flaccid or tired
you're downstairs playing minecraft....she's upstairs loudly banging her chad thunderbot
if people want to go that direction, that's what will happen
personally, i prefer flesh and bone
Diet coke <3 I know it's terrible. I just like the taste
It sucks cause she got bad while I was in FL
Same.
should men be threatened by vibrators?
Veronica mom had her before that
And it's only diet coke
None of that diet pepsi bullshit
should women be threatened by porn?
women are threatened by porn
She went to get her while I was down there
and men are threatened by vibrators -- sometimes
But I try to drink mostly water now
I like them both.
I was a heavy Pepsi drinker before I got pregnant, then I stopped drinking anything except water with lemon in it
Pregnancy was not good to me :P
So when I came back she had perked up a little
And did that thing with her paws that bichons do
Everything made me sick
But it was very brief cause she wasn't feeling well
I ate some hot dogs last night and felt so bloated!  Now I wonder how much sodium is in them.
Then she was just out of it since then
My mom had that problem with me, so I'm worried I'll have it when we start trying
I've been drinking mostly water. Tea when we go out... and a glass of milk a day at the doctor's insistence.
You could tell she was uncomfortable
i occasionally crack and have a coke zero, but it's generally not worth the pain. :p
I hope it wasn't that bad for yoU!
She was hospitalized a few times in her first trimester for severe dehydration because of it
Nah, I haven't even puked, fortunately. Just nausea, heartburn and bloating.
More unpleasant than actually life-threatening.
She didn't eat or anything, throwing up and dry heaving, orange urine or she couldn't even go to the bathroom, she wasn't getting up or anything, was making bad noises
12:11 PM <filozof> should women be threatened by porn? 
yes
I don't think vibrators pose much threat but men can be threatened by them if they want
ok, so either you make a deal with your girlfriend that none of you use sexbots
If you get sick taking regular birth control, you might get sick being pregnant. That's how it is for me
or both of you use it
personally, im not sure i would be threatened by my girlfriend's sexbot
I should say, if you get nauseous
That's good to know
Too much estrogen makes me nauseous, so I have to use BC that is progesteron only
makes sense, I guess. Since it's the same hormones.
https://www.reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/440kon/is_there_a_female_version_of_theredpill/
lol
"Is there a highly misandrist reddit for women that advocates emotionally abusing and manipulating men? "
love the first comment
Like, all of them, you mean
drok: yeah he didn't make it more than a year
so cute
lol
miss him!
right :)
First comment is gold.
now we have two poodle mixes
one poodle/bichon who is batshit but also super clever
My mother and all her feminist friends are getting their panties in a bunch over Roosh on Facebook.
Yeah they are annoyingly clever sometimes
They think he's a men's rights activist
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/43yv3m/thoughtful_gifts/czm51c3
hahahaha
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/43yv3m/thoughtful_gifts/czm51c3
hahahaha
I thought about correcting them, but I don't want to talk to them.
"I love the pagan necklace SO got for me one year ago. He bought it in a street stand. It has so much meaning for me because he is atheist(?) but still respects my pagan beliefs."
"I love the pagan necklace SO got for me one year ago. He bought it in a street stand. It has so much meaning for me because he is atheist(?) but still respects my pagan beliefs."
She learned how to bang on her metal bowl to make sounds to wake us up in the middle the night to feed her
why is that funny?
Then when we took her bowls away she started banging on other metal things
I'm sure he respects them deeply
awwwww
thats so cute drok
yeah it's pretty obvious from the user name
because pagan beliefs are a joke Sunhappy 
lmao witzie 
in what way?
in every way
people are weird
lol okay
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43tul8/what_could_explain_the_unwillingness_of_men_to/czme8v7
are you a paganist sunhappy?
That could be my stepmother. She has pagan beliefs, sometimes 
im getting confirmation from bi men that even men think too many men look average
also didnt know that guy was bi-ish
im learning so much about the PPDers
no, but i know some people who are "pagan". it's just animalist religion in the west. 
I know a couple of pagan chicks.  One doesn't talk about it, and the other talks about it often.  That one likes to say things like "it vibrated my soul".  lol
idk if people who are pagan are serious
most of the pagans i've met don't call themselves "pagan"
gods!
they usually have a specific term for their religion
haha
most cultures have some native pagan beliefs that existed before christianity
pagan is just a catchall
My stepmom only seems to bring it up when she thinks it will shock someone or if she wants to be a better pagan than another pagan in the room
:/
yo RedManBearPig 
yo BTL
i can understand being serious about christianity, but not so much about paganism
we have another religion in the netherlands
https://www.kerkvanhetvliegendspaghettimonster.nl/word-nu-lid/
unless you live on a remote scottish island where your grandmother and great grandmother and great great grandmother lived and passed down superstitions to you, you're not really pagan
you're just a special snowflake
She might be a narcissist
A "one-upper" kinda person
Hello!
Hi!
I don't get how people say "pagan" like it's a specific thing, yet it's defined as a person holding religious beliefs other than those of the main world religions.
True
yay they finally went through with it
i thought it was "not baptized"
By that definition I might even be pagan.
all hail it's noodliness 
rofl
yup witz
speakign of whcih
watch the ORIGINAL wickerman
ty
by the way BTL you are the sexiest man in this chat
wicke rman
according to a counsil of women
lol wtf
also btw AtlasB I started with atlas shrug
oh goodie gumdrops
its only going to take me a while lol
yah
long
Could be Tempy.  Do christians, jews, and muslims all baptize? 
But I think most people associate it with Wicca
no he's not
CXJ and SP were above btl
wheres the list
Those guys are not in chat
jews do not baptize
neithe rdo muslims
idk what this is, but I am staying out of it lol
damn pagans
Or some sort of nature-related duality hippy thing
nor were they pagans
lol
th epagans  were the germainic and celtic ppls
wicca wa smade up inthe 60s
out of whol ecloth
its such arrant nonsense
yeah damn hippies
Was it? I have no idea
oui
https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=wiccan&year_start=1900&year_end=2008&corpus=0&smoothing=3&share=&direct_url=t1%3B%2Cwiccan%3B%2Cc0
i read the first few chapters of atlas shrugged
very dumb book, as i predicted
lol
Nice chart!
(I love graphs, charts, inforgraphics... 
yeah
*infographics)
I'm sure its the book
lol
WingN I found an article that's fascinating - I don't know if you've seen it
well you know in just ho wmuch esteem i hold your opinion
too bad it only goes through 2009 :(
2008 i mean
http://www.udel.edu/educ/whitson/897s05/files/hiddencurriculum.htm
looking
not sure if he is talking about a mirror or the actual book
Oh Tempy - I think you'll like it too
guess we will never know
i never thought you care about it
oh that does look interesting
observations about how lower, middle, upper, and upper elite schools function and teach children
It's fascinating
ngrams are very useful for showing the advent of ideas
I wonder if my stepmom knows that. She seems to think it's some ancient religion 
i went to an elite school and a phill ypublic school
rlg it claims sources are ancient
it claims its in the tradition of prechristian european religions
so shes not "wrong"
Camille are you around?
She might not be on until later....I just want to make sure she sees it as well. 
It looks like the word pagan is from the 1300's, and then it meant people who worship false gods, mainly the ancient romans/greeks who worshiped multiple deities.
I think she mixes it with Native American spirituality and makes up her own religion as needed to impress people
its interesting how almost all of the ratings on goodreads.com are either 1 star or 5 stars
very polarizing
Meh
Makes her happy
i guess either you agree with her worldview or you detest it
my freind swears she's a loyal baptist
but has a shrine to her ancestors and follows yoruba religion
people claim whatever validates their opinions usually
and call it what they want.
The executive elite school is the only school where bells do not demarcate the periods of time. The two fifth-grade teachers were very strict about changing classes on schedule, however, as specific plans for each session had been made. The teachers attempted to keep tight control over the children during lessons, and the children were sometimes flippant,
boisterous, and occasionally rude. However, the children may be brought into line by reminding them that "It is up to you." "You must control yourself," "you are responsible for your work," you must "set your own priorities." One teacher told a child, "You are the only driver of your car-and only you can regulate your speed." A new teacher complained to the
observer that she had thought "these children" would have more control.
or you dont understand it
which can still put you in either camp
ive never once heard a person who disagrees with objectivism
accurately explain it
before disaggreeing
they usually make some emotional argument
or personally dislike her
smart people probably have better things to do than refuting objectivism
iv enevr heard a non objectivist accurately restate any aspect of objectivist philosophy
lolol
how woul dyou know
The "elite children" were hard to control?
I've always thought children of wealthy parents had high-paying jobs simply because their parents had the resources to send them to the "right" schools.
I'm sure blue-collar children would do just fine becoming a doctor or lawyer if they could afford the education 
we weren't wealthy - solid middle class - but my parents made sure we lived in the best area and had the best schools
i went to school with all of the city leaders kids
all the old money kids
snots every one lol
but i got a great education
That makes sense
What is the point of the article then?
rlg you're missing the point - it's not that middle, or lower class children CAN'T do as well (or better) as the upper class and upper elite - it's that the system is DESIGNED to encourage certain things, and limit
Actually btl is at the top
None of us have seen cxj
And sp doesn't count
Prole children are told what to do - but not encouraged to think 'why' or to come up with other ways
middle class is told what to do, and sometimes encouraged to think 'why'
upper class is all 'figure it out, explain why, come up with better ways and challenge'
It's fascinating
I've seen cxj
and so has AtlasB 
that's plenty
cxj is unequivocally the best looking
right i never thought of it that way
I agree PhantomDream, it's like kids are being groomed for their future roles (like upper managment vs wage slave) by the schools they go to
I haven't even ever talked to him on here
Interesting!
Right, grooming doesn't negate the individual always though
absolutely 
he talked a bunch for a bit
But it definitely encourages and perpetuates that certain things are 'good' 
I think authing was too annyoing
yeh
yeah - the schools teach the same way their jobs will be
Creating workers vs creating leaders
i dont understand why ppl have so much trouble
I bounced back and forth between on level and honors classes, so I saw the differences in teaching there
I like cxj too, he's one of my favorite PPDers
I was always at the top of my on level classes and the bottom of my honors 
yes hes normal
and a natural
that convo with ofspock about my husband was so annoying
i always skipped school :)
he likes crazy chicks
thats his problem
they glom onto ONE thing about RP
it was the 70s - it was expected 
"youre husband didnt marry an 18 yr old viorgin so hes not RP"
really?
still made good grades
Some of the best innovators were/are high school drop-outs
everyone would show up for tests
the rest was boring
lol
These people
My dad did the same thing, just show up for tests
is he in his 50s?
Yes
see?
hahaha
cxj is cool yeah
lol 
He made good grades though!
me too lol
Like you, he said the class was boring
people read a lot back then
It really must have been the way things were done!
i had already read all of my older siblings textbooks years before
He is really good at self-teaching
i used to read encyclopedias when i got bored as a kid
luckily we had 6-7 sets
fascinating
Haha nerd..... (me too!)
hahaha
My dad had this whole set
It was red and gold
"Occasionally the children are asked to make up sample questions for their social studies tests. On an occasion when the investigator was present, the social studies teacher rejected a child's question by saying, "That's just fact. If I asked you that question on a test, you'd complain it was just memory! Good questions ask for concepts." "
yeah 
my mom always did that
Really nice
I just picked up a set of the ocean world of jacques cousteau from brother this weekend. I am excited about it. 
i have an old set of art encyclopedias
oh neat!
I have very fond memories of reading my grandparent's encyclopedias 
look at this annoying argument
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43x57g/does_anyone_else_describe_themselves_as_no_pill/czlohxi
my husband didnt read the corpus of TRP at 18
and implement a lifeplan
he lived a life of experfeince with women
and came to the same conclusions almost all experienced men do
i love them because you learn about so many different things not related to each other 
^
You could flip to any page and find something new, interesting
"Occasionally the teachers would prod with statements such as, "Even if you don't know [the answers], if you think logically about it, you can figure it out." And "I'm asking you [these] questions to help you think this through." " 
very familiar
yeah
right
Its unfortunate that many people don't have these sets anymore
Or, only thier grandparents do :)
their*
yeah witzie one of my instructors was big on the "if you know it exists, you can figure out how to do it"
interesting article PhantomDream 
My mom's set is from the late 70s. I tried to use it for a report once on Watergate and it was like a paragraph saying something like "yeah something fishy is going on"
That reminds me of all the calculus talk on Reddit
You can figure it out, if you look for the pattern
once a long time ago before i knew excel
But people don't teach like that...
i took a skills test on it and made a 98%
because as soon as i knew something could be done it was simple to figure out
i learned more about excel from that test
thatn i did in the next 5 years using it lol
It's almost like...learning backwards
From the solution, to the problem
Cool
i knew Lotus 1-2-3 (DOS) but had never touched excel (windows)
pixiedelights: I remember doing a report about Rhode Island using my dads' set. I wonder how "out-of-date" they would be now 
Considering how often something, like Wikipedia, is updated these days
you would get little "yearbooks" each year with updates
those were more fascinating than the encyclopedias because they were little time capsules
My dad is a software engineer. He talks about DOS sometimes and I admit, I start to glaze over after a bit. That stuff seems pretty complicated to my contemporaries, the "push-button" generation :P
that's fits the pattern, atlasb
they are treating everything as absolutes
right
you miss one detail and clearly rp wrong or your H is not rp
trp does not say every human man who can marries an 18 yr ol dvirgin
right
me and my*
he would have marrie dNO ONE
oh lol i worked with computers in the 70s and 80s - DOS made them super easy to work with
he marrie dme out of gratitude for helpinghim
an dfor a life
either that or they are being dishonest, because they just don't like it and want to use pedantry to discredit
he could have left me at 38
yeh
you used to have to know a lot of ascii commands
I always love to grab the "Time: Year in Review" magazine for that reason 
and keypunch yuck
how old is H now?
38
he woulkd hav ebeen thirty
not wanted anymore
lif emostly fixed
theres time si think he considered it
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/440l2i/q4bp_which_of_these_statements_are_correct/czml4xq?context=3
lol I found a typed note my dad made (for his mom) and he said he keypunched it when his dad took him to work one day.
I feel like there's a disconnect here
I was like, what the hecknis a keypunch
He tried to explain it to me
It just made me very aware of how spoiled we all are
In terms of using a computer 
My son will never know life without computers...
I'm going to have to find a way to make him smarter than his phone
i was bitching to my dad about keypunch and he said that in the 60s he had to punch the cards by hand
they sent men to the moon on that technology lol
Not rely on computers to have the answers to everything 
Have you seen the NASA picture of the "computer room"
?
probably - i saw the whole landing on TV live
my dad designed rocket engines for apollo
they have a booster engine in their attic :)
https://www.flickr.com/photos/nasacommons/7538108706
Whaaaat?! That's crazy :D
he was cool waaaaay before he even knew it :)
There is always a disconnected
I bought my dad a t-shirt that saysn "Actually, I am a rocket scientist." I hope your dad has one. He deserves it
:)
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4403sh/its_okay_if_a_hot_guy_does_it_but_when_i_do_it_im/czmk7zf
am I going to get banned?
hahaha i should get him one
probably a handslap but idk, the mods have been on a tear lately
I'd delete it
My mom's husband has worked at Lockheed Martin for his entire career.  I wonder what kind of things he's seen!
tsk witzie
It looks like this: https://www.pinterest.com/viterbistudent/astronautical-engineering/
hhahah witzie 
What a neat thing to have in the attic!
Probably lots of stuff he can't talk about :P
Having a house with an attic/basement sounds like so much fun.  I haven't lived in one since I was a kid!  It makes ghost stories much more exciting
i always dream about exploring in attics full of stuff lol
I miss my grandparent's basement... I use to play down there for HOURS
With all my dad and siblings old toys 
We had an absolute gold mine of one growing up.  There were 3 buildings - the "new" house, the barn, and the "key house" which was a very old colonial home.  The barn had two stories, and the second story was chock full of stuff.  We kids had so much fun going through it.  All kinds of stuff from the 19th and early 20th century, along with some trash.
oh and it's just a little booster engine - not the huge things used for takeoff
not sure what they used it for
The key house had most of the original furniture and household items.  So cool!
i guess i could ask dad
insulting that poor thing
That does sound cool!
she can repent 
I love history!
:D
by donating to our church
who is ppdframeenforcer
are they redpill?
isn't that a bot?
my uncle had this old house with two full attics
idk
it pmed me
one of them had a copper lined closet
buy a pack of spaghetti for 50 dollars and you will be absolved of your sins
Whoa!
"This message was uncalled for and can be viewed as a personal attack. Consider this a warning. A couple of other mods may have banned you outright."
Copper?
i have no idea what that was for
For...
I'm sure there were many stories of why it was lined with copper.
:)
lol
see!
so butthurt
they're on some new shit
It's to keep the ghosts out, of course.
I told you anal isn't for everyone
hahaha probably
My son is up from his nap! Gtg. Nice talking to you ladies! :D
didn't have aluminum foil for a hat
bye
lol
the house was cool - it had an attic and then an attic above that
a full basement and then a sub basement
an elevator that we weren't allowed to play on
Ppdframeenforcer I'd a woman and I think she's bp
Is
Two attics and two basements? Totally haunted
And anal is for everyone... You just gotta get to know your bumbum properly
yeah - it scared the crap outta me as a small child
even for you Architect?
Me and my bumbum are very acquainted, sure
this sounds gay
It's 2016_ you're not allowed to discriminate anymore brah
only because you two are making eye contact 
I'm gay as the driven snow
Xemnas is really digging down there: https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4419q4/q4_women_have_you_ever_called_up_one_of_your_sos/
"Yes yes yes! Thank you. I need more torture porn"
"Stupid wuesyion I don't expect honest answers to"
took me 5 reads to realize that was question
"doesn't everyone? i need to do this at least once a week or i'm not satisfied."
lol
I'll bet
This is bringing back memories.  :D
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4419q4/q4_women_have_you_ever_called_up_one_of_your_sos/czmmcc6
did guys or girls experiment with your ass Architect?
The key house had this wine/food cellar - it was the old fashioned kind that was a dugout with a latter embedded into the dirt.  So it was like a very large hole with shelves.  Going in there was the result of many dares.
*ladder
Xem has been on ignore for about a week because this shit was really getting too depressing. 
2:37 PM <Architect> Ppdframeenforcer I'd a woman and I think she's bp
No
haha i bet
Its one of the rp mods
we played in the elevator when there were no adults present
No? Ooooh...is it a woman though? Someone told me it was a female mod
Haha.  That's the way it works!
silly adults - making something dangerous off limits so kids only do it without supervision
roflol dragoness 
It totally makes them do it, right?
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/hQe7akrd/
awww
poor xemnas
trp fucked him up so bad
absolutely!
Ah well
His own doing
we used to do "seances" to the Bell Witch to scare ourselves silly
in that big house
the hell
That would freak me out still!
lol
is he hindu as well?
No
no, he was sayng thats what she told him
the sympathy I had for him has dwindled down to zero at this point because he won't listen.
Jezus he dug himself a really nice deep mental hole there
wait, what atlas post does he keep referencing? 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4413oq/red_pill_men_in_ltrs_how_do_you_feel_about_your_so/czmkwly
I had no idea Pem actually liked his wife
Do you think trp fucked him up or is he just a consequence of issues he's always had latently?
he was already fucked up
he just became hyperfocused on things he "learned" on TRP
Only he himself is responsible for his actions
the ex he's always referencing left before he ever found it 
but he seems to be changing his story on that now so idk
just don't trust internet nerds
seen that plenty lately
Everyone at the end of the day is only responsible for their actions. That doesn't mean other factors don't strongly influence people
No denying that
If he got "fucked up" from TRP though that is his own choice
well yes and no
you can easily get into something without realizing how its going to affect you
down the line
witzie didn't his problems with his ex happen way before
his mental issues predate trp significantly
yeah, they do
but the sub draws a lot of people like him
That would be like saying a girl drinking a roofied drink only has herself to blame for drinking. Other factors definitely matter. 
As if there is no-one who is legitimately criticizing TRP, even his own family and councelor did it
Counselor*
Specifically how it would have a bad effect on him
TRP mixes with ppl salready extant characters
yes and he shouted them down about it; why I don't know
hes neurotic
i read trp and didnt get all depressed and upset
and think
oh
im worthless now post wall!!
And the girl who drank a roofied drink? She should have been paying attention
ill kill myslef!
right
neurotic + low self esteem, and emotional
It's also his choice how he lets it affect him
i'm neurotic too, so i kind of understand how he'd get there
he feeds on attention 
TRP isn't good for people with bad self esteem
I've always felt that
I think almost every regular has reached out to him at some point and even really, really tried to help him
all pills
Yep
yeah, it's bad for people with poor self esteem who also don't want to be proactive 
So what it comes down to
He is being a dumbass
I've been invited to #superior 3 times
Error(473): #superior Cannot join channel, you must be invited (+i)
he's mentally ill
maybe our anti-girl security is a tad high 
and we can turn off invite only for now 
so much for being superior 
until there's some new opsec to protect 
#owened
Yes he is mentally ill
People in real life are trying to help him with this
TGP really put in a ton of work
the one effect of trp i dont like
is young inexperienced men
becoming neurotic jades
from reading OTHER mens experiences
you dont even give yourself a chance that way
I was talking to madsci about that the other night
yeah
the manosphere skewed older
this is a function of reddit deomographics
how much older?
post college at least
to 40s
roissy was liek 40
not a kid
who woudl listen to a kid?
how old is roosh
How did TGP putninba lot of work?
the private man is old
i figured that
isnt roosh 40 now?
of how they advise dating. 
Oooooh
rollo is older
I might go to a roosh meet
36
ooo neato arch
There's one in my citt
City
But they're trying to shut it down
take pics
report back
let us know how it goes
Loool, I wanted to go to see if feminists will show uo
tehy will
I want you to count how many asians are there and how many neckbards
in their blue haired, tatted up glor
glory
Lol
<Architect> How did TGP put in a lot of work?
sorry, missed that
he wasted many many hours of his precious time talking with him, drafting up actionable plans for him to follow
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/440g4v/does_being_a_misogynist_make_a_man_better_with/czmgnk7  xenmas is crazy
THAT'S the comment he was talking about, wtf
oh drag yeh
he thinks i mean EVERY women has calle dhe rbf while cheating onhim
he cant see its a list of various things
women have done
if you go, pretend to be a blueper Architect 
various women
don't ID as trp in public
the leaps he made to get from there to where he ended up...
Olympian 
England should send him to Brazil this summer
I was about to ask "How is the hell is he gonna get laid in Brazil" But nvm dragonness
dragoness++
lol
dragoness: wut??
He wasted hours talking about it?
Butbhe improved?
That's a sick trick
Lol
wait what?
Xemnas is a gone case
If he is not dead by suicide in six months I would be surprised
Xem isnt the type to kill himself
he's the time to fake his suicide then show up and the funeral and count heads
taking notes of who's crying and how hard
There aren't really "types" for suicide
But that is possible, sure
I know :)
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/440l2i/q4bp_which_of_these_statements_are_correct/czmnubl
okay.... 
how many men would you all (anybody) estimate will have bedded hundreds of women, by say like...40?
i agree
Xem will be in the hospital multiple times for "attempted suicide"
my h bedded 40 women by 25
He'll never off himself
and he was wanted an dhomeless
But seemingly he'll never stop indulging his neurosis 
if hed stayed single?
i don't know if you are still here PhantomDream but that article you linked is interesting
so whatevs
right griddy
damn I can't tell pink from pink
because it's elementary schools in 1978 & 1979
I thought you were a women dragoness
AtlasB: your H sounds like he would have died at 35
I know a couple guys who coukd
from something
I only know one guy who did
if marriage didnt save him
yeah. the surgery is pretty convincing RedManBearPig
His n count was probably around 600
which is about 4 years of so after they started busing students around
okay this is impressive
also AtlasB, I'm 100% certain it happens. 
Actually no
Mathnis off
Probably more like 120-200
from the best schools to the worst and vice versa
Math is off*
your math was way off
lol
Lol, yes
how old is he now?
I dunno how I got that
A classmate in HS
like there are plenty of sexually successful males of that level. 
He's the same as me
27
this really attractive Cuban kid
he's still attractive
well, maybe not THAT level but still
i remember 10th grade
he was 15
his body count was 30s
whaaaaaat??
and he was at FIFTEEN going through a "i slutted too much crisis"
haha i remember a guy like that in one of my high schools
Makes sense.
I am envious
he was like "I want meaning in life."
yes griddy, i believe it
"I want real love."
I was just like "lol"
Lol, fuck off
i knew guys who go tlaid every weekend
or so
I saw two of the hottest women at one of my high schools
this kid is having a mid life crisis at 15
hmm
You can't go back to real love once you have slutted enough
lol griddy 
if a guy gets laid every othe rweekend lets say
fighting over this greasy but somewhat tall latino kid
damn sloots
dragoness: it was so funnt and true
thats like 26 women a year
he "was over the lifestyle"
widescale that is
he got married at 21
has 3 kids now
outright fighting and looking like skanks despite normally appearing pristine to others
NAVY
he really was over it quick
it's pretty easy to hit that 100 mark that way
im sorry i know you giuys all say you wantinexperienced men but thats part of why i like experienced ones
my h isnt curious what othe rwomens knishes ar elike
AtlasB: yeah
true
hes been there done that
he's all been there done that not for me
that was the Cuban kid
but as a teen boy
muahahaah
look at blowings h and protopill
i hink i even mentioned this last time griddy and i were talking about it
this greasy guy named jose
midlife crisising early
curiosu about others
haha another latino!
don't get married early kids
yeah better men are total whores in their 20s
especially when you are a dude
and its out of their system and they are content with one lady
unless they stay cunthounds
lol yeah
I need some kinds of figures 
and unless they are low fto and accidentally get a couple of girls pregnant
id rather a man want to cheat for strange
then want to cheat
i say "accidentally" but not necsesarily that
to prove hes still got it
or to experience a love relationship with another woman
yeah
man like my h could stick in in another owman and forget about her before he left the room
i wouldnt be happy
but i wouldnt kill myslef
i was watching this show on youtube
that being said i'd still say *hundreds* is ridiculously high
Sunhappy: you may have heard of it
the cunthounds i knew didn't exactly move around a lot
"An African City" anyway it's kind of funny for a low budget youtube series
but one of the chicks is very
they had their harems and that was enough
laissez faire about cheating in relationships
she had "The Three D's" one must abide by.
I think I'm too possessive for that kind of thing. Ive had casual encounters but I still get a bit jealous when I see her with others
No Diseases.
No Descendants. 
No Disgrace.
very traditional
disgrace
sounds like one of my aunts
so dont get me sick. dont get anyone pregnant. dont at all in anyway emabrass me.
thats 99% of what womencared about tradfitionally
other womenfinding out
the only wealthy relative i have aside from my immediate family
and she allows that from my uncle in law
he goes and bangs hookers every weekend
haha
that's pretty much what all african women think anyway
they kind of....expect their husbands to stray at some point in their marriage
"AtlasB> other womenfinding out"
yeah
they only get annoyed if it happens often enough that they notice
Women have egos too
and no one wants to be the butt of a joke
or he has a bastard
i think my uncle who passed had 3 "lovechildren"
that my aunt knew of
they weren't in his house, so he never claimed them. auntie got over it i suppose
See I'm too much of a bleeding heart
my mom was telling me the other night that growing up, basically until she got married her mom, aunt, grandmothers, etc basically told her the same thing. like, drilled it into her head frequently 
my hairdresser's husband was like this
"all men will cheat on you"
theyve been married 20 years
he has 3 other "baby mamas"
that happened during the marriage
which is insane to me, but i mind my business when she talks about her probklems
"smile and nod"
that said she's not interested in the other kids
but her kids are
like they want to meet their siblings
this is the kind of bullshit
i wouldnt want to deal with
navigating all of that
that was a sticking point with my mom
while still being angry
my stepdad's kids hadn't even met one another
see that's so sad to me
i would hate to be in that situation
because part of me would want to reach out for the sake of my kids
the other part of me would want to murder everyone involved
she actually arranged to let my stepbrother and my SD's bastard meet up at our house 
IIIIIIIIIIII couldn't do that
no no
right griddy!
not baby mamas
you have one wife
and then .... idk
side bitches
if necessary
Sunhappy: im more concerened about their offspring
i personally couldn't put up with side anything
who are hypotehtically related to my kids
well that's an american thing
this is where my "bleeding heart" comment comes in
if that child doesn't have a last name
who gives a fuck
yeah
lol
i would
hence "bleedin heart!"
well that's the culture i have
that child could be onyiocha to ifechwukwus
i think that's the sentiments of a lot of american women
like my hair dresser
as far as parentage is concenred
nothing is worse than being a bastard in nigeria. no land, no rights to nothing
disgrace
the only reason she acquiesced is because her kids made a mega big deal about it 
your mother can't get anything. you'll probably be homeless
and because her husband passed last year
so they view meeting their siblings
as being closer to him
2:13:08 PM <AtlasB> the one effect of trp i dont like, 2:13:13 PM <AtlasB> is young inexperienced men, 2:13:18 PM <AtlasB> becoming neurotic jades, 2:13:24 PM <AtlasB> from reading OTHER mens experiences
etc..
I think my mom only agreed because she has two sisters she's only met like once or twice
my mom was very clear
also
I don't see how that is a bad thing Atlas
i hate to say it
but karma
that man had an aneurysm
and could relate to having half siblings out there, somewhere in the ether 
do what you're legally obligated to do, but that bastard better not show up at my house
They don't have to learn the hard way
all of those child support checks
all of the kids trying to hang out with him
they dont get the sweet only the bitter
if this was nigeria
i dotn regret learnign things the hard way
that child would have NOTHING. like at all
gave him a blood clot
ive had a lifetime of love
loss
happiness
pain
being dumpe
ddumping
thats called life
sounds like a lifetime movie
they arent learnign how to actually deal with women
real living women
with the good an dthe bad
one mans experience doesn thave to be yours
sounds like the tat every chick who does yoga gets
Atlas Judged: the Jersey Jewess Story
i feel like TRPers want the positive fantasy experience
lolol
live.laugh.love
something like that
they want soemthing unrealistic
being whatever age and getting some hot 16 year old to fuck them without them putting in any effort but lifting 3x a week
and spinning all the plates
thehot 16 yr old
is still annoying
demanding
needs attention
love
correction
does things wrong
so does a puppy
right
exactly
it sliek reading all bad puppy experiences
and deciding to never get a dog even tho you love them
so silly
dogs are annoying as fuck
ppl complain abotu bad times, no one sits around waxing ecstatic over how great things are
follow you. bark.
the discouragement of marriage on trp is stupid
but so cute!
so basically a lover
its mostly stupdi because it precludes almost all decent women on the planet
some guys even said encouraging marriage should be banned on trp
and it removes you from the upper castes forever
they think all women are eager to divorce rape you
because they read some bad experiences
i wonder if any TRP men
"this woman acted wrong, remember AWALT guys"
have ppl in their life
in long marriages?
trp is about bulletproofing the modern male at all costs
^
like were they all surrounded by "divroce rape"
its a lowest common denominator approach
I do too griddy 
I mean i have 2 aunts who divorced
because their husbands were serial cheatiers/ super assholes
and they still are friends with them
.context
they had to leave, but they're not out here years later setting effigies ablaze
ha
some of these men dont let hurt go
and by asshole, i mean not fake ashole
my Uncle Virgil was a cunt.
which was so confusing as a child
he was so funny and charismatic to us
and then would yell and berate her in public or in company
10 yo me was like "wha what okay...."
But when my aunt divorced several years ago
He cried
and called my mom
and cried for hours
they reject all information that runs counter to their world view or otherwise come up with a billion excuses to explain it away
im like he failed all of the "beta comfort tests"
and now he's letting it all out
even if your example; she stayed so long because he was alpha
or something
she stayed so long because she was a housewife
she got a part time job to his dismay
saved money
bought a house a neighborhood over
so the day she filed
what I'm saying is, how you know things to have gone down and how TRP would frame it are wildly different
she moved out and he had no idea she was saving all of this money to bounce
nice lol
griddysaunt++
dragoness: i agree
<Lonny_Z> 2:13:08 PM <AtlasB> the one effect of trp i dont like, 2:13:13 PM <AtlasB> is young inexperienced men, 2:13:18 PM <AtlasB> becoming neurotic jades, 2:13:24 PM <AtlasB> from reading OTHER mens experiences
yeah
and somehow...she'd still be the bad guy O_O
dragoness: of course
but they just weren't compitable anymore
he married a shy diffident women
and you know as people mature
they become less that
or more that
it depends
true
well she became less tolerant of his crazy
well yeah
http://therationalmale.com/2016/02/03/the-war-brides-of-europe/
hm
my mom's threshold was maybe 15 years
then she was like enough!!
they're still married but the power flipped basically
ahhh nice
i guess that works too
honestly my aunt could have done that
the way my uncle broke so easily when she filed
my mom didn't file
i imagine if she had set boundaries during the marriage
she just took control of the financials
it wouldn't have gotten that far
but it's gonna be fucked up eventually
in ngieria, you get buried with your husband
and she wants to be buried in her tribal village
which is like
the biggest slap in teh face
haha damn
a "fuck you" after death
classy
dad is like "she ain't doin shit!!"
and mom is like "we'll see nigga" about it all
damn
it's super messy
there's no graveyards really there. you get buried in your house on your land. so if dad builds all this property up and is buried alone....descendants will think he never married
it's just a lot. i ain't here for this village divorce mess
western divorce is easier
"village divorce"
lol does sound messy
but soap opera worthy
imagine going to the eldest male of both families and saying the wife of your brother doesnt' want to be buried to him
everyone will ask why
and you need good reason
or he won't approve it. that is drama in itself
my uncle had a terrible relationship with his kids, so his son (the new eldest male) refuses to bury him
so nigga is still unburied, two years and counting
where's the body?
unnigga
the unburried nigga
in the house
unburied
D:
for two years? wow
wait, no. the morgue 
oh, ok
burrigga
or something
the burried nigga
basicalyl, he's embalmed so dad says "ti's okay"
so we're all still waiting
wtf
until his son gets over whatever he's feeling
and buries his dad
yeah but what if flies start showing up
but that sort of male hierarchy is what i'm used to
SMS then so be it :O
you don't disrespect the eldest male
nooooooooo D:
if they buried him without his consent
the guy could put a hit on him
and no one would question it
I respect that kind of stick-to-itiveness 
way to not give up
cuz he's in charge of the clan
your burrying stuff is weird
and my dad's clan is like 200+
lol madscilove 
i dont think the burying stuff is weird
"Sunhappy> so nigga is still unburied, two years and counting"
hahaahahah!
its just i really dont want that corpse to start rotting
he died in 2013
okay this is great
SMS: well it's embalmed
so that weirds me out less
so he's a pharaoh?
my family is crazy!!
yep Sunhappy 
SMS: *
just make a pyramid
my grandpa wants to be flushed down the toilet after he dies
and put him in it
what? how
that way you aren't burying him
just entombing
oh. cremated then flushed
Tempy that's interesting I didn't know that
i see
madscilove: does he want to figuratively explore the sewer systems
SMS the tomb is kind of like his house
he thinks it's hilarious.
some cosmic journey
his children are horrified
it's very funny
ahaha
lol
when we go to people's houses in nigeria, everyone knows where the owner's buried
he's in the ground in the dining room or something like that
graveyards creep me out
griddy: I think he just thinks it's funny and doesn't see the point of people making a big deal after he's dead
he's the sort that's like "I'm dead, who gives a fuck. Just throw me out and get on with it"
i think cremation is cheaper too right?
madscilove: i figured
but for the sake of it
you guys can call it a cosmic journey
at the funeral
ooh yeah
good one
a funeral in the toilet?
Sunhappy: I'm not sure
yeah it was a big experiment around 74-75 that lasted past 1980 at least
my grandparents have money, though so I don't think it's about that
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/43yj5l/i_lead_a_normal_life_in_every_possible_way_except/
grandpa's still working at 80-something
female privelege
right here
he loves his job
runs a company
before that we had rigid school districts
aww that's sweet
hook me up with a job
and borders for schools
so she is a custom escort?
Poor men cant date insanely attractive women and get paid for it. 
FirionDarklight: she is a genius
that's when magnet schools became popular too
well
griddy: ooh good point
never called her stupid
lawd girl is living the high life
she's not really an escort
if i were single
because she would fuck him anyway
cam newton all day
err day
he's just a rich dude who likes to flaunt it
so it's really a win/win
yes
i would be a real sloot if i were in that situation too
probably the gung-ho baby boomer teachers spuring this on
FirionDarklight: i want to say i would never!
but...
nope
who knows!
lol
griddy
woudl you for drake?
im not into drake
Drake would honestly have to woo me
I wouldnt hop on it at first sight
man, I would have no problems with that. I get to sleep with someone I'd fuck anyway AND I get stuff?
why not
would you do it for BeyondTheLight griddy?
because he doesnt turn me on immediately
but he could
be his side ho?
if I were single, obviously
not now
lol
witzie https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43yzkb/rp_men_where_do_you_consider_yourself_on/czmqioi
omg. unrelated note: I just walked in to F holding his toe and looking sheepish, with a straight razor in his other hand telling me, "I cut my toe..."
witzie: we're getting married
burn!
lol jk 
awwww madscilove 
he just sort of slowly handed me the razor and started laughing
aww madscilove 
while I walked away shaking my head at him
awww
couple stories
why  was a straight razor in the vicinity of his toe?
was he shaving his toe
I asked
haha
yes! apparently
roflol
he had a bit of skin he wanted to get off
my h hid being hurt once from me for weeks
does he have hairy toes??
haha
he should not use a razor
a pumice stone
madscilove: help that man out
get him a stone
i wonder how that girl's boyfriend will feel about her setup
get him papaya and pineapple enzyme exfoliating serum
if he finds out
filozof: she has a Bf
i didnt read it
just the title
smhhh
man, he'd never go for any of that although I'd get it if he would. he won't even use toenail clippers
so is any of you girls now sending your nudes to a celebrity
hoping for sex
nah
i wouldn't do a celebrity
she has a boyfriend?
no
except cam <3
therte's not boyfriend
yeah
witzie> be his side ho? she isn't side ho material
she's single
witzie she said she'd break it off if she ever got a bf
so what do you mean filozof  
Did otherwise good schools lose integrity and poorer schools rise a bit? Or did everything seem to go down in quality?
she is wife material silly witzie 
yeah madscilove 
BeyondTheLight: xoxxo!
i wonder how many interns are getting "help" from their congressman though
aww btl and griddy
lol 
dammit btl your abbreviation makes me think of sandwiches
haha
Did they deliberately design things so that certain neighborhoods went to mediocre schools while others were 'safe' with better institutions?
what happened was that a lot of the kids that got bused to the better schools were expelled permanently
to be fair I am the same
"do they mean that they are hungry or just me?"
"You're living the dream girl"
and the kids sent to the bad schools transferred to private schools
lmao the comments in that section
are clearly all non TRPers
everyone is so supportive
i need to ruin it for her
drop it in TRP chat
lolol
witzie: do it!
i want drama!
another thing that was going on was that the baby boom was over and about half of the schools had closed
LOL
lol
I'm not in trp chat right now
any asians in chat looking for a job?
I can do it lol
I can see the post on TRP now
pm me
griddy++
it's policy work though
lmaooo
fyi
I want to see how fagtheros will act
trp chat is always dead as fuck
i cant wait for it to make the front page
LAWL
"She will never love you as much as she loved fucking this dude"
literally no one says anything
somebody go start that thread
"shes a ruined alpha widowed whore now AWALT"
"yea bruh"
but really the public school i went to didn't change
why does this policy work need to be done by an asian, Sunhappy 
"enjoy the decline boyz"
hurrduurdurr
it's an asian think tank and all tehir staff are asians
but the catholic high school i went to got really full
pretty sure they don't like hiring nonasians except lobbyists
different asians?
yeah various asian types
or all specific ethnicity/nationality?
south, east, etc
nope
the public one had a ton of fights etc and then was fine after all the new kids were expelled
they have indians, korean, thai, japanese etc
it varies :D
anyone AAPI
the kids that didn't get expelled assimilated well
the pay is 36-42k
in oakland
nice
how can the chinese, koreans and japanese work together?
idk
well i am aapi, but i'm already loaded. I think the only others are SerNemesis, dathrowaway808
i know some folks who work there
oh right, sms, but he has a job too i think
"4:18 PM <dragoness> "enjoy the decline boyz"" LOL
eh okay
ok but really someone is making a post about that shit on trp, right??
no!
why aren't these asians murdering each other
they hate each others guts
oh it's in OAKLAND?
oakland++
that's interesting. i thought it would be in DC
aapi fiat?
asian american and pacific islander, BeyondTheLight 
they have another job in dc as well
oooh
asians don't have a problem with other asians that I've noticed
its offices are in oakland and dc
they just don't like being confused for other asians
Interesting. 
"you think i'm korean?! I'm fucking chinese wtf"
ive worked with them before. they're quality
i guess what the school system didn't understand is that money will move when it's getting a bad deal
Are the asian quality?
Were the kids that got bused to the better schools expelled because they were causing problems?
they*
Like "Made in China"
oh yeah
Or because they were from certain areas?
Or, did the ones that get expelled, typically live in particular areas?
lol idk what to do with that
yeah, my father mainly works with Japanese people, and i mainly work with indians, and so on
well, it was a racial problem
1:22 PM <madscilove> "you think i'm korean?! I'm fucking chinese wtf" <-- lol i never got the outrage over that
i can't tell the difference myself
but! they're a good think tank and teh go to asian group
in congress
and DC
they shipped ghetto kids into the old money school
haha. same, fiat!
I can kind of pick chinese people out
but not anyone else
i'm often mistaken for korean myself. 
and they didn't do well?
it's so odd. chinese outnumber koreans, why would they guess that for me
to be honest I usually know when someone is korean or not lol
so if there was a fight do you think the mayor's kid would get in trouble?
oh, how, BeyondTheLight ?
me too BeyondTheLight 
Sunhappy I could share with the bay area Asian group
I get mistaken for mexican
of all of the east asians
I only once made the mistake into thinking a chinese person was korean
Haha
but that was because of her face
Mind you these are Asian masculinity types
Who was starting the fights generally?
turned out she was actually korean
i can identify the characteristics of a Korean person 
The poor kids trying to prove themselves
by the way, Koreans are better asians than chinese
or the well off kids trying to make sure the poor kids knew they were outsiders?
i'm not sure but there were no fights before the busing
maybe both?
burn!
RedManBearPig--
lol how do you guys tell. i am chinese myself and know more asian americans than most of you
and i still can't tell
what do you look for
you also have to remember that everyone in the school was a stoner
Did any well off kids get transferred to poorer schools?
face shape, personally
Oh my god, you are such a hater madscilove
hahahah it was the 70s
HAHA!
Give me my karma back
koreans have flatter faces with more angles
.karma
chinese usually have rounder faces and eyes
face shape
face shape mostly
koreans have squarer faces
look fiat
yeah
http://i.imgur.com/N78rtiY.jpg
haha fiat
none of the well off kids ended up going to the schools in the ghetto
we know things!
the difference is obvious lol
I often forget to consider drugs/drinking and how that affects situations
RedManBearPig++
:P
also for some reason im surounded by mostly koreans
lol that doesn't say anything about asian americans
and comabodians
in phladelphia
probably cause their parents wouldn't allow it and could afford to make it not happen
unless they are missed fiat
then its a different story
mixed*
that is slightly more tru because it mixes western chinese and eastern chinese
their parents either moved to a different school district (we have 4 completely separate ones here)
eastt coast chinese are very close to japanese and korean
Was the hope that exposing the poor kids to better education/social circles - they would improve and grow more do you think?
or they put their kids in private school
western chinese are shorter, slightly rounder faced, darker, etc
more ethnics around
pretty much yeah
but east coast chinese are overrepresented among asian americans.
the ones that assimilated did grow and were more socially acceptable
fiat that makes sense
because i justg googled 
chinese man
and a bunch of darker ppl popped up
i personally was part of one kid getting expelled
It's interesting how affluence affords families (and belongings) mobility, but also, so does extreme poverty (since you don't have owned property, or probably a lot of material items to worry about)
im like "who are these chinese -_-"
What happened there?
oh. haha. that's what my family looks like
I'm used to that sort of chinese
madscilove: i prefer you all! 
i was waiting to get in class and one of the bussed kids goosed me
the more melanin the bettr 
lmao
oh my haha
not a quick poke
jk jk
sorry, what does "goosed" mean?
fiat and madscilove. Can you speak chinese to each other?
mmhmm
sorry I meant korean
haha
I can't speak chinese
sike i am melanin leaning
too whitewashed
fake
everyone has prefs!
what language does your family speak, fiat?
iirc most millenial chinese aren't fluent anyway
but a long front to back fondle of my crotch from the rear
I mean, what dialect of chinese
what does iirc
mean?
sichuanese, shanghainese, cantonese, fujianese, and mandarin, madscilove 
if I recall correctly
lol ti's spreading http://www.vice.com/en_ca/read/roosh-mens-rights-activists-white-men-false-oppression
ugh
thanks
ah, cool.
never know when i see it
immediate family shanghainese, sichuanese, mandarin and some cantonese
how delightful..... :/
i freaked out and the shop teacher saw it and asked me if i wanted to do something about it
Had this guy ever talked to you prior to that?
next day the kid was out of school forever
no
I am actually surprised most of my chinese friends do speak it pretty decently 
i have family both in east and west. Communism brought my parents together!
he was in shop class and i was going to drafting
like maybe one of them can't speak it at all
(thanks Mao!)
He was just alone - no friends observing his 'awesomeness' ?
what a bro
 <fiat> iirc most millenial chinese aren't fluent anyway
millenial chinese who live where?
Mao zedong was the best chinese guy ever
yeah peasants normally don't mix with urban
oh the hall was full
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43ozml/q4men_post_what_you_call_an_average_smv_45_woman/
plenty of witnesses
I love how the women here are rated wrong
millenial chinese who live in the US filozof
This is important, Tempy, were you asking for it?
:0)
fiat> (thanks Mao!)
hahaha
the ones born here aren't very proficient
hahahaha
Sorry, I couldn't resist
that's predictable
most "poles" who live in the US don't speak polish either
lol the chinese I know even got the stereotypical you need to be good at a music instrument fiat
yeah that damn t-square is like a siren call :)
why would you learn two languages instead of one
its inefficient
most poles in the US just hold up telephone wires
lol yeah a lot of parents tell me how disappointed they are their kids aren't speaking fluentl when they talk to me
no its not lol
and are somehow surprised i do speak it 
Haha
stupid poles stealing jobs
it's pretty handy
americans could be holding up those wires
my parents deliberately didn't teach me the language
even though i moved to NorthAmerica at a young age
as to give me an easier time in school with my english
witzie> stupid poles stealing jobs
they also can't understand each other lol
so there's that
lol they steal our copper here
anyway, the kids bused in - pretty much half of them went away within the first month or so
fucking trains couldnt ride for a while
it's helpful to be bilingual, filozof. and actually a lot of polish immigrants I used to know spoke to each other in polish all the time
especially if it's chinese
I shared an excerpt that I really liked with WingN already
the rest were fine and probably really benefited from it
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/OooTNprq/
you can speak to a lot of people that way
I heard "kurwa" in the halls of one of my high schools all the time
I know one polish family
first gen immigrants maybe speak polish
but 3rd gen?
just went to a wedding with htem in the carribbean
she's divorcing her husband
I knew a polish guy  
so doesn't bode well for your ppl filozof 
nope
he shined shoes for a living
lol
yeah true
and they were both from Poland
annakmk speaks a bit of polish
thick accents
Reminds me exactly of women, and a large part of what we work to change
met over there
Kurwa is a classic fiat
no wonder she's so pretty since she's polish
http://cnqzu.com/library/Philosophy/neoreaction/_extra%20authors/Dalrymple,%20Theodore/Dalrymple,%20Theodore%20Life-at-the-Bottom.pdf
griddy: thicker than mine? lol
filozof: hmmm
yes actually
That a link to the book, really interesting 
I knew it was weird between them
because at the wedding
cool thanks
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4407o4/update_to_my_25f_husbands_27m_friend_2524_m/
she asked me to escort her husband and odlest son on adventures arounf the island
because she didnt want to
so i did
but still wondered why she didnt go
now i know she secretly hated him
and the whole time everyone thought i was his wife
I now want to ignore work completely
i do remember when women weren't considered a victim or minority
like how. im 20 years younger and the kid is bone white
hahaha
That sounds like heaven on earth
you might have been his second then
witzie
https://www.facebook.com/cnninternational/videos/10153849119114641/?comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22O%22%7D
but me and the kid hella bonded
like trophy wife
miss him!
lol true
aw
we hit the rainfroest
it all happened wide scale in the early 1990s
https://www.facebook.com/WhiteHouse/videos/vb.63811549237/10154078663449238/?type=2&theater
I was raised that way - "you are accountable for your actions, and happiness or unhappiness is up to you alone"
we hit the luminscent bay
the ziplines
im like adventures!
there were a few women bellyaching in the 80s
actually, even if you were unhappy, you just better not show it hahah
but in the early 90s it was like a switch flipped
also she wasnt a complete harpy
she didnt go because their two youngest sons would have been a drag
"I'll give you something to cry about!!!"
"Apparently, he married me because I was in love with him and he "felt bad". "
Haha
hahaha
dragoness
so she stayed to watch them and drink with the bridesmaids
that should be a reason to murder someone
DUDE!!
ooohhh
Sunhappy: 
""Muslim Americans keep us safe", says President Obama "
roflol
every time I think "hmm, maybe I should get a gun, you know, learn to shoot"
witzie: i saw that
a thread like that comes up and I'm reminded why I should never own a gun
what is the context
It was more "you don't need dinner tonight" or something. I don't remember my father ever yelling
1:32 PM <BeyondTheLight> lol the chinese I know even got the stereotypical you need to be good at a music instrument fiat <--- lol most people i know forced into it don't like it
he visited a mosque
in baltimore
"You fit in here, right here. You're right where you belongyou're part of America, too. You are not Muslim or American. You are Muslim AND American." 
Though my mom had a set of pipes when something bothered her too much
i can still play the piano a bit, but i don't practice and don't have a grand piano or anything
okay thats fine
was he saying muslims are in the armed forces
even if it was entirely ridiculous
hence "keep us safe"
my brother was never forced into anything and picked up a few instruments on his own
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2016/02/03/remarks-president-islamic-society-baltimore
own his own time and dime
full transcript of his speech
Example, once I folded the bathroom and kitchen towels. I wanted to save more space, so I did them differently than how my mom normally folded them
So lets start with this fact:  For more than a thousand years, people have been drawn to Islams message of peace.  And the very word itself, Islam, comes from salam -- peace.  The standard greeting is as-salamu alaykum -- peace be upon you.  And like so many faiths, Islam is rooted in a commitment to compassion and mercy and justice and charity. 
Whoever wants to enter paradise, the Prophet Muhammad taught, let him treat people the way he would love to be treated.  (Applause.)  For Christians like myself, Im assuming that sounds familiar.  (Laughter.)
She didn't approve of my creative expression
it's crazy. even back when i was getting shit for lunch because of lack of money, they still sent me to get lessons for cheap from this old lady
haha
hahah
i don't really recall much unhappiness when i was a kid
So I got a lesson, length-wise, width-wise
Same
like there was temporary unhappiness for an hour or so
I was only ever grounded once
My senior year of high school
cause I was five minutes late for curfew
but it was generally a happy time
I was in tears
Yes exactly
its pretty crazy yeah fiat haha
there weren't all those glum kids with black hair that happened later
Brief patches, but by and large - just busy and happy
HAHA
right
Juliet Willis I love our President so much. I am really frightened for what will happen in November! By far, THE BEST PRESIDENT in history. Hands down!
rofl
i mean what was up with them
purposely being droopy and glum
where's the fun in that?
I don't know. That's interesting though, I don't know much about the history of depression. I know a bit about "humors" and also hysteria....but it would be interesting to look at a history of how depression, treatment, and acceptance has evolved over time and throughout the world
i don't think that depression was popular in the 1970s
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4416fd/cmv_for_women_lovers_and_friends_are_two_separate/czmqzoq
now it's fashionable
you know it crossed her mind
If you don't suffer from self-doubt, depression, or something similar today, it's almost as though you're weird
yeah
hah
I thought about responding to that OP
i blame it on the vilification of saturated fats
I did too, two sentences in and I deleted my reply
that sounds likely
mcdonalds used to fry in tallow
I didn't even get that far
lol
just looked at the username who posted and was like "nah"
movie theaters popped in coconut oil
i know my depression has gotten about 10x better since eating keto, including loads of fat
"I can just save myself 20 minutes by not bothering"
:D
yeah - fat really smooths my moods out
A lot of people have also noted that they feel better or more even emotionally - even if they didn't suffer from depression
I was just like 'now why are you going down this road dragoness?'
your brain is largely cholesterol - feed it! 
and I dont really know what he was looking for
confimation that his view is right
yeah but, it was one of those questions where its like "um..okay"
it generally true enough that it's a nonissue imo
he seems bored. hes reaching HSW thread levels
this fake fat stuff they make today wasn't around that long ago
even oleo and margarine used to be tallow
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4416fd/cmv_for_women_lovers_and_friends_are_two_separate/czmkccs?context=1
he's not making any sense
i don't really understand anyone using margarine. butter is tastier, healthier, cheaper
I've read that 4x now
I have no idea what he's getting at
well back in the day tallow was more plentiful and cheaper
so they dyed it yellow and sold it to the poor
Make sure you get some fat from nuts!  They are great sources of fat that won't make you fat.
he's overthinking it, imo
yeah
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/NjzXe7Hy/
men attracted to evthing. man penis. man testosterone
i wasnt that deep
lol!
a lot of words to say "women like sexual attention from people they want to fuck. men will fuck anything"
yeah griddy
exactly
now people buy the "I can't believe it's not butter" because they have been told lies about saturated fat.
lol exactly madscilove 
it*
nuts really mess with me
i can only eat a few
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4416fd/cmv_for_women_lovers_and_friends_are_two_separate/czmpxom
they hurt me
oh. okay
I get it now. 
this is a roundabout way of saying women should fuck their friends
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4416fd/cmv_for_women_lovers_and_friends_are_two_separate/czmklsh
hahaha
I have a theory that alpha, sexually successful men act more like hot women than omega/beta men
kittenkajira, nuts make so many people fat
of course
something about the abundance they actually have, and their reaction to it
they're 'healthy' and a serving size is much smaller than people realise!
yes
(but thanks :3)
I wnat to write an OP about that and post it
madsci
I'm cooking breakfast at the moment (eggs and cabbage sauteed in bacon fat)
i will back you up
and roissy used to say it
the only ones i can eat are the ones without dark skin
ty :)
RP was about flipping the script on women
pecans - no
cashews yes
my h acts like a BPD hot chick
he does
I did some research a while back, and there's studies proven adding a handful of nuts daily will not make you fat 
hes mercurial and tantrum throwing
lol
emotional
wayyyy mor eemotional than me
And those who eat nuts have fewer strokes
hes like sir smokesalot in half bake
d
lol
he keeps walking around imitating him
hes liek a pimp
a handful of nuts is what, 50g? so 250 calories
not some stoic
and peanuts holy cow never again will i willingly eat a peanut
they're great if you pay attention to that
but they're easy to overdo.
lol i could watch this 100 times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjIWLOBTasA
Peanuts aren't really nuts, I hear
legumes
but still walnuts pecans etc screw me up
i seem to be able to eat cashews
I've been eating pistachios because of the high potassium in them
king alpha president camacho being stoic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGUNPMPrxvA
( kittenkajira, my perspective might be skewed from hearing stories from my friend, who does diet coaching. the number of people who overdo nuts and dates and dried fruit because they think it's 'healthy' is astronomical)
Trying to get my daily potassium up to at least 1500mg - that's quite hard to do!
peacokcing emotional pimp
have you got litesalt or equivalent?
lol that last video
I add it to veggies instead of regular salt, half of it is sodium and half is potassium chloride.
I don't use salt except in bread.  
Is that potassium salt?
maybe you could give it a try for the potassium.
http://shop.coles.com.au/online/national/diet-rite-salt-lite is the one i use
I'm at a point where I think one of my guy friends is intentionally sabotaging his relationships...or autistic
madsci have you seen idiocracy?
like he has zero concept of what he can get away with sexually. it's amazing 
let me google it
it sounds familiar
ah, it's great if you haven't seen it btw
Yeah, that's a fun movie
ooh, ok I have seen that one
I'm looking up roissy's stuff on alpha males
so far I found this https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2011/05/24/top-10-signs-youre-a-beta-male/
Here's one of the studies http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21216574
"You Let Her Pay For Dinner"
whats the best alien movie
alien the series
thanks kittenkajira . as i said, i'm probably skewed from my friend's horror stories :)
and this one
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2008/04/30/qualifying-her/
And one other http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18042516
really its best to read roissy archives up antil like 2010
However, when nuts were added to an existing diet without controlling for energy intake, body weight increased, although to a lesser extent than theoretically predicted.
so, unsurprisingly, nuts are great if they fit your macros.
then you can see my comments
lolzl
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/2JGPTpuP/IMG_9469.JPG
I love he goes from rage to drake songs in vmail
Well, you're cherry picking there.  "This review shows there is a lack of evidence to support the restriction of nut consumption in weight management, indicating that further research is needed to assess the role of nuts in weight management."
lolol
of course i'm cherry picking. I never said nuts were bad. i said that for a lot of people, they will make them fat. (overdramatic but not innacurate).
That one was 4 years prior to the newer study that found over the long term, nuts don't create weight gain.
okay. NUTS FOR EVERYONE, i can't be bothered.
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4419dp/update_my_17m_love_for_pok%C3%A9mon_is_what_i_am/
Pfft.  I'm gonna eat so many nuts, I'll be a nut!
that sounds fab, enjoy.
hah griddy
i have been having a lot of peanut butter on celery lately
so satiating
Peanut butter is the best.
(no added sugar/salt peanut butter)
I've been wanting to try the almond butter
yes, it is! although huscat insists on getting the very sweet american style stuff
so we have multiple different varieties
do it, it's lovely
I really like the natural stuff, I don't particularly like mixing it when you first get it.
there's a difference between telling people something is okay, and allowing them to remain socially awkward/weird 
the ones i get don't require much mixing
relationships doesn't know that though
which is cool. and impressive because they're 100% peanut.
Magic
it is.
"Hi man, I'm a 6ft4 ~30 year old biker and I love pokmon especially the games, fuck anyone who gives you shit. "
yeah but ur also a biker though...so..
Today for the first time I'm making bread with wheat that I milled.  I'm so nervous, wondering if it's going to rise.  
ooh! That's so exciting!
i am looking forward to getting back into baking in the new apartment, our current oven is terrible
what do you use to mill it?
It is!  I have so much hope, yet all over the internet people say the first few tries come out bad until you figure things out.
I got an attachment for the kitchen aid
that's how it goes with most things! Huscat's latest batch of beer (a new style) is not really successful
but he'll make it again and it should be better
i want a kitchenaid. some day.
http://www.ilostwhat.com/25.png whoahhhh i just passed this milestone
lol @ my comment on roissys datingmarket value test for women
lolol
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/dating-market-value-test-for-women/#comment-125004
Hahaha
Congrats!
thanks pixiedelights :)
You lost a 2 year old!  25 pounds is great!
oh speaking of fitness, kittenkajira , i lost my fitbit :(
Did you find your fitbit?
oh. apparently i told you.
nope.
:(
Shucks!
huscat suggested i get a new one, so i am on the lookout for a bargain
yeah.
lozllzlz my comments on the 16 commandments of poon
https://heartiste.wordpress.com/the-sixteen-commandments-of-poon/#comment-149395
ah memory lane
i had so many fights with that ugly sjw denise romano
Good luck!
Maybe it will still turn up!
actually, prices on the flex have come down...maybe i'll just get one now
yeah, but if it doesn't! I know i exercise more when i have extrinsic motivation
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/f5tCZfbP/
I've been wondering about my fitbit.  I'm not sure how accurate it is at calorie burning, even with being the heart rate one.  
as far as i know, it overestimates.
quite a bit.
bugger it, i'm buying a new one.
I thought it may be the opposite.  Sometimes I'll kick butt for an hour doing strong curves, and it will be like "140 calories"
hrm. i guess it can't really estimate on strength work.
on cardio, it overestimates as far as i know.
And sometimes I look at the HR while exercising, and it will show --, like it's not reading it.
that's frustrating!
"i am a woman, for startersso keep your little feminist shaming ploys in your rapidly aging pussy that i dont care about"
LOL
AtlasB++
yay new fitbit.
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/Q32eIKm3/
But it does at least track the duration and the start/end time, which I like looking at.
Yay cakeforallofyou!
yeah, that's pretty neat. I've been missing the automatic log of how much cardio i've done in a day
.context
$60...it could have been a new dress ;_;
she lives in cuckoo land
That'll teach you to lose it!
indeed it will
it was unfortunate and i think i may still find it
as it was syncing in my house after i'd lost it
but i've looked for days.
I'm a finding stuff expert.  Saying stuff like that makes me want to go to your house and look for it!  lol
oh NO the underwear that I've been wanting has just showed up in my size on ebay bnwt
for $60
fml
Is that for one pair?
the bra + shorts
gosh DARN
http://www.journaldesfemmes.com/mode/shopping-mode/1323032-lingerie-parure-sous-vetement-printemps-ete-2015/1323942-ensemble-dita-von-teese
you know what
i think i may just have to buy it
i let one of my wants slip away and i've regretted it for months
I hear that bra size changes every 10 pounds
yeah
but I can sew
in cuck land
and it's a style with lots of places to adapt/alter
hrmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
ARGH.
You ever tried making an underwire bra?
you're right kittenkajira 
no, but I've altered plenty :)
as a lingerie addict/poor student in those days
I've been making fabric ones, but I haven't tried an underwire one.
I'd often buy a sister size and alter it down
yeah, underwires are hard!
It would be neat to custom mold an underwire to your boob
it really would!
that's a troll right
please dear god tell me that's a troll
huscat is a fan but told me off for spending too much money ;_;
(well, not told me off, but cautioned)
oh. haha it's atlas trolling 
whew
omg madscilove thats 1000% troll
you have stared into the bloop abyss too long i fear
it's true
I can no longer tell what's real or not
Don't want to buy a bunch, then!
Speaking of buying, J wants to go look at exercise bikes tonight.  The treadmill is bothering his knees and he wants to do daily exercise
ooh, sounds good!
jesus, if it were up to my boss these parents would have supervised visits until the kids are like 20
Plus it's an opportunity for me to step back and not be a know-it-all
always good ;)
https://thehappening.info/a227893a785089a388d601ca609d4dd2b42ef964
That would definitely simplify things
sex and gender diverse is what i usually see used. simple enough.
hi Yondal :)
oh, no, i take back my smiley face
do you just talk about league of legends and thirstily comment on gonewild, Yondal ?
Lol it was me trolling 
AtlasB--
the word rape is becoming like a swear word
Rape you Jack4ss 
mmm might have to take this to PPDAfterDark
lol
Yondal 
thanks PhantomDream .
That was pretty obviously a secondary account
http://www.ikea.com/au/en/catalog/products/20247128/ i think I like this. but it doesn't have a drawer.
Be here on your reddit account, or your dedicated RP account
yeah.
whatever, is cheap and light/airy
How do you know all this about the yondal guy?
https://pjmedia.com/parenting/2016/02/02/shocker-mom-has-emergency-c-section-but-doctors-cant-find-the-baby/
that was just from /u/yondal
Wow, you're fast!
well that's troubling 
I thought maybe yondal was a character from legue of legends.
i would have no clue haha
Same here!
i think i like these as not-forever bedside tables. 
PhantomDream: I love that link!
i am having such a tough time finding ones that we both like
lol
I have one of these and like it.  http://www.worldmarket.com/product/tobacco+blue+sara+nightstand.do?&from=fn
that's pretty.
We just have mis-matched night stands.
our style is usually mid-century. it's hard finding good stuff that fits the aesthetic
(and doesn't cost a mint)
https://www.etsy.com/au/listing/248192754/walnut-mid-century-scandinavian-bedside?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=shopping_au_en_au_a-home_and_living-furniture-bedroom_furniture&utm_custom1=0384e85d-915d-4d33-82b8-ae809d7c7b72&gclid=CjwKEAiA58a1BRDw6Jan_PLapw8SJABJz-ZWGkc-Myd26uaVraTx1B4Cz_PWUENUTXxBgcpIu8nlYxoCCuTw_wcB I would like this pls
https://www.etsy.com/au/listing/265133436/beautiful-mid-century-bedside-table-from?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=shopping_au_en_au_a-home_and_living-furniture-living_room_furniture&utm_custom1=0384e85d-915d-4d33-82b8-ae809d7c7b72&gclid=CjwKEAiA58a1BRDw6Jan_PLapw8SJABJz-ZWTf3t2ZKCjFvgERdXubISUcxVoo6Ilk4Y8hds0-OCfRoCLz_w_wcB oof.
okay, i need to stop looking at furniture
have a great day yall!
madscilove: https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2011/06/13/gay-men-have-game/
well you DO have a right to 12 secret facebook accounts and male friends and blah blah
you just don't have a right to a husband who doesn't dump you
right lol
when women say "right" they mean right not to have consequences
lol
aww
anatomy of a dad joke
http://i.imgur.com/uLfRhDd.jpg
lol
How do you suggest someone get over nerves during dating?
phenibut
hahaha
Dad: "I've only made three jokes in my life and theyre all sitting in front of me."
thanks atlasb I'll check that out later
take a gram of phenibut before a date and you're golden 
lol witz
What is that?
russian anti-anxiety drug 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phenibut
My friend is on the phone saying she doesn't date because she doesn't like the actual date part
Cuz she's awkward and nervous
Wanna suggest something to her
phenibut, benzos, or alcohol 
Lol yeah no
Drugs are bad for you!!
And would make her crazier
phenibut imo is best because it isn't intoxicating and gives you confidence as well as anti-anxiety effects
just give her alcohol
oh, kratom too
She never drank
kratom is a plant 
Muslim
not a drug
Fuck
Give her beta blockers
propranolol
No drugs!!
or propronlol
Blargh lol
Beta blockers are medicine!
She's 29 this year. 
kratom is a good choice actually if she's anti-drug because kratom is literally just a ground up plant 
yeah alcohol is my suggestion too
it's used traditionally in indionesia 
a nice date with a couple drinks
easy mode
a single shot works wonders 
Haha
She needs a super dominant guy to just boss her around
And force her hand for marriage
*sigh* fiiine, i'll do 8t
Lol
Like a nice Muslim entj
"A nice muslim" bahahaha
idk do entj's and intj's get along?
:(
She's infp
ohh my girlfriend is one of those
 <TheXanMan> idk do entj's and intj's get along?
i think
yeah
yes xanny
we think similarly
i thought so, cool beans 
madscilove: is your guy entj?
lol. no way
lolol, pls
by the way xanny, where were you?
Ooh
What is he?
in the UK
I'm entj, he's probably IxFP
Ooh wow haha
not sure of the second one
That's different
oh soz misread
i just been busy
So you're super dominant
yeah, he does "feelings" for both of us
:P
Aw lol
he's actually made me even more T
busy with drugs
my feelings upset him
i've been doing volunteer work with people who have mental illness
so I've just sort of stopped having them
also busy with drugs yes
My friend refuses to grow up
Or date
She needs like.... Idk. Some man to force her to elope
Sunhappy:  i just got a pm from yestyerday frm you
weird
that happens to me a lot
Hmm
if I refresh the page usually 
"oh look, someone wants to talk."
"...13hrs ago. now I look rude"
Haha
that happens to me too
I blame irccloud
yeah
AtlasB what's your h's mbti?
entj
shades of entp and enfj
cool
i think we all vacillate over time
hes very emotional and has the i want to take over the world think
and he also plays with ideas in a way where he couldnt care less if theyre true
I'm trying to figure out F's mbti right now
I think isfp
mbtichart?
I'm about ready to unfriend anyone on FB who posts about RooshV.
"ISFPs have no desire to lead or control others, just as they have no desire to be led or controlled by others. They need space and time alone to evaluate the circumstances of their life against their value system"
They think he's legit on a quest to legalize rape.
They lack reading comprehension skills.
Oh yeah, and they're all commenting how it'd be super funny to go to the rally and rape the dudes in attendance with strap-ons. Because rape is funny... so long as it's happening to men.
Humanity disgusts me.
https://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/201207/eternal-curves
Interesting article
i find it fascinating on that chart
that the xNTx
have the highest compatibilioty with other types
I wonder why
xNFx and S dont mesh
look at it
it neat
feelers + sensors
too much feels, no logical counterweight?
ISFP and ENFJ are listed as an ideal match, though
I think that's the only nf + s match listed as "this works"
yeh thats one of the few
yeh
weird right?
llol
estj and intp are ideal
planejane estj
cohort?
blushing
intp
and Dg
mm
I'm eating melted nutella with pretzel sticks
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
AtlasB lost a few pounds but I found them!
bitch gimme
haha
I think it's interesting that entj doens't have anything below "one sided match"
right
and entj is one of the most masculine
men have to be compatible with more female type si think
to survive
that makes sense to me
hm
my 'ideal match' is either an estj or an esfj
brb, researching 
Hmm
the way F thinks is so foreign to me
My ideal is entp :3
he'll just charge into decisions while inside I'm like "wait but you didn't consider all the possible outcomes! that's a fire hazard! you're going to break your neck!"
"ESTJs are representatives of tradition and order, utilizing their understanding of what is right, wrong and socially acceptable to bring families and communities together"
*alternatively* 
"In high school, ESFJs are the cheerleaders and the quarterbacks, setting the tone, taking the spotlight and leading their teams forward to victory and fame."
Though it houses the potential to encourage some FA 
goddammit 
"More significantly, this ascendence has skewed womens perceptions of what men like. When asked to predict how men will rate women of different body shapes, women choose thinner figures than men do, figures more like fashion models than like Playmates. Heres the kicker: The shapes that men actually choose are closer to those of the women making such
predictions! In other words, women are usually more like mens ideals than they realize, so that losing weight may not make them any more attractive to men."
alphas
haha
if the reader isn't being realistic about their proportions
I feel so betrayed right now !
gotta love the Js
my ideal matches are infp and intp
"Inflexible and Stubborn, Too Focused on Social Status and Difficulty Expressing Emotion"
how the fuck
WHY
she wants the j
whats that dragoness?
ESFJ
enfp for intj
i dont know
enfp sounds exhausting
my ideal match is literally Chad
lolol
intp sounds exhausting to me
"INTPs are known for their brilliant theories and unrelenting logic  in fact, they are considered the most logically precise of all the personality types"

damn. I guess it's time to figure out what color plate i want to be
go for red
xntps can be a lot
i think entjs are super sexy
but i can't stomach their need for control
I think when I picture an intp I'm picturing one that doesn't agree with me
we'd just debate nonstop
riight!
that's exactly how they are :O
lol
I would murder them
eventually
Yeah. How many women have the "ideal" under-20 BMI?
lol
I'm trying to think of any ENFPs I know IRL.
That being said, most men don't expect "ideal".
i know a few enfps
They just want "isn't too huge a bitch and gets my penis hard"
i can't stand them usually
attention whores
enfjs are worse than that!
lol
organized attention whores
they're strategic in how much they are in the your face
I want to shake feminists. I want to SHAKE THEM UNTIL THEIR TEETH RATTLE
There's all this boohoo about men dehumanizing and objectifying women.
Most of my people don't do MBTI. I should learn more so I can type people in my head.
And all the responses to this RooshV thing are "RAPE THE ATTENDEES IN THE ASS! KILL THEM! BEAT THEM UP!!!!!"
Which is precisely what they've decided is unacceptable behavior toward women.
i am pretty good with typing now. it's fun
and i'm usually right! some are easy to spot
like entjs, intjs, intps, etc
.mbti
Well and ultimately it leads to greater polarity at each extreme
ok
Yep.
A dude goes "I'm having trouble meeting women, and it makes me anxious and sad" and everyone jumps down his throat with "WELL QUIT BEING AN ENTITLED SHITLORD THEN. HAVE YOU TRIED BUYING FLOWERS?"
Obviously he's going to go "okay, fuck you too then"
I'm gonna need all the lads here to take the test if they haven't already done so
My h just said " I would never want to be the father worrying about who's fucking my daughter, I want to be the father telling my son 'son, go out and fucj everyonessssss daughters!'"
And then he's going to go on the internet and find ROK, aaaaaand another shitbag is born.
lolol
kaaaay
Enfp is my bud
so chat is mostly intjs and intps?
Other intj and enfp
I wonder what types Patsy and edina from abfab are
I'm calling bullshit on the type matches
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/NV4Xm26B
Oh yeah?
whos eddy!!!!
well, for me personally
lol
We have an ongoing debate as to whether the Internet is better or worse for humanity
Lol
I just don't like infp or intp
It says I'm compatible with entp and I hate them
I'd fight with intp forever
and infp isn't fighty enough
<AtlasB> It says I'm compatible with entp and I hate them
see!
Rather than having people look internally to their families and peers, they get Answers from the Internet.
i can see saffy as infj
Yeh
She's v moralistic
A moralistic intj
Lol
hang on a minute, danny devito scored higher than me?
that's a good way of describing it
But I have strong entj tendencies and get along with intp
have you always or are you just mirroring H?
i sometimes mirror the personalities of the guys i'm with
I see your point, I just think that not everybody has the option of going to sane friends/family for guidance.
hi everyone 
At some point in their lives, incels were failed on a really fundamental level by the people (family, friends, peer group) who were supposed to teach them to be functional humans.
Hey Amelia.
No I think k it's the E veneer my mom shellacked on me
Socially
Combining with intj
hm
I think I gained 5 pounds of nutella
how long do wife goggles take to develop? am I in the clear yet?
I see now when my 8th grade teacher said "Dana is a leader with no followers", she didn't understand intjs are leaders who are their own followers 
that makes sense. my mom forced me to always consider others' feeling, which may be that S 
that sometimes pops up
Follow my wife goggles tip witz
Lol
lol AtlasB 
I do think the internets allow people who are not naturally inclined to being normal humans to get away with not working on that shit, though.
can I eat nutella every day if I do?
It's like... an enabler.
Yeah apparently
Orvwhitmans samplers
Lol
sometimes I lean a little ENFJ and ISFPs are compatible with them
which is what I'm marrying
Yeh
Intj and entjs are "pals"
the f comes out behind closed doors, so that makes sense
http://typelogic.com/isfp.html
yeah, I can see that
same thought processes
Look at pairs at bottom
intj and entj
Right. I see both sides of it. On the whole it does seem to polarize everything
You're either morbidly obese you a fitness nut. Debt to your eyeballs or a Dave Ramsey coach.
hm. entj/isfp is an anima pair
anima?
"fits Dr. Beebe's description of the anima/anumus: each is the other's inferior (4th) function"
basically polar opposites
I like how there's no "it's got a good chance" for ISTP
xD
nothing but 0 - 60 for me bb
what's a pedagogue?
Teacher 
sunhappy_hw http://typelogic.com/pairs.html
lol wow
R is very much a "teacher"
pedagogic relationship, teacher-student. i'm guessing one of them is P and the other is J
that's freaky lol
http://typeindepth.com/terms-theory/
Animal explained
"Jung uses this term to refer variously to the Soul-Image and also to the part of the personality that is complementary to the character of the persona, and that contains all those fallible human qualities [the] persona lacks. He says we project these qualities in a love-hate relationship onto the opposite sex"
interesting
are any of these better or worse than the other?
I think some of them are probably easier or more compatible than others
companion sounds easy
i like my relationship with R in a teacher/student type dynamic but it could read as "creepy"
I don't think that's creepy at all
cuz of the "parent to child" thing
well good lol
i don't either but it may read that way to tohers! the age gap and all 
I think relationships with other people often have that feeling to them
plus the dynamic
perhaps
there's a gap in experience, which can be great because you can learn from it
*older people
sorry not other people
true! 
ah okay. that helps the context lol
suitemate sounds boring
like a DB situation
enigma sounds problematic
^^^
like dealing with an alien
yeah, it sounds like you'd perpetually be baffled by their actions/thought processes 
lol
isn't istj the most common male type?
getting home after work and realizing the food you have for supper is poop is a horrible feeling
what
make ramen with vegetables!
what food do you have Architect ?
I don't know what it's called...it's like this pie thing...but it has like a chicken sauce in it
chicken pot pie?
chicken pot pie?
lol
Sort of but not really
I should actually figure out what it's called
lolol wtf
It's just a thing we get at the grocery store
I started making ramen full of veggies and tofu for dinner
with miso soup broth
it's so good
i think after I move, I'm going to start making ramen all the time
why are you moving?
did your housemates kick you out 
after your house burned down
and fell into a sinkhole?
ewww housemates
that suck man
never again
*sucks
lool
im moving to a different area with a different group of people
ditching your cousin?
merry band of art sluts?
i live with my cousin now, im moving in with 2 friends
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ART SLUTS
unfortunately, no art sluts
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
lol
we have government sluts in my city
and a LOT of hockey sluts actually
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SLUTS
oh man, I had the most intense craving for chiles rellenos the other day; searched high and low for it. FINALLY found a place that makes them nearby, ordered it *and* overpaid for it but I didn't care, it was gonna be delicious! 
....
it was disgusting 
noooo
how the hell do you screw up freaking peppers!?
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4426st/girlfriend_was_raped_what_do_i_do/
poor girlfriend :(
"Now I resent her that she didn't listen to me. That I wasn't there. I don't know how to live with that."
oh this is too heavy for me
"she looked really bad and she has plenty of injuries, still in hospital. It broke my fucking heart."
"I am a failure and just some asshole ruined our lives."
ahh, nope. nope to this post
"Every woman I know who gets raped becomes highly promiscuous and gets into BDSM. Although maybe that says more about the girls I tend to know."
how many women does he know who get raped?
all the ones he raped maybe
lol right
lol
.quote AtlasB1
;p
half my friends claimed to have been raped. i'ts pretty common
-_-
lol
why is it atlas
lol
did she requote me?
am I famous?
I love that I've started to memorize where the diff quote are
you said it and she put it into quote Architect 
.quote add 7:47 PM <Architect> am I famous?
lol, oh
see
thats a witzie quote
LOL
oh wait
104?
.quote witzie104
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4426st/girlfriend_was_raped_what_do_i_do/czmvnhn
oh, that makes sense
lol
.quote del witzie104
.quote witzie95
.quote witzie 71
that whole comment chain was so....out of left field 
no space Sunhappy_hw 
.quote witzie71
.quote witzie59
rofl
i can't, this is too good
.quote witzie22
<3 <3
i miss blowing
.quote witzie88
she didn't leave. hell she was here yesterday
she left
for a bit
why
probably
idk she jsut raged after the list
bs
maybe she's taking a break but i doubt it's over the list
she raged after the list?
did she actually say anything?
she said "fuck this chat"
idk if it was list related
show us the pastebin
it shows sensitive material
id have to kill youa fterwards
oh whateva
you can redact that you know
redact?
remove it
take out the stuff we don't need to see
10:59 PM <blowing> Fuck this chat
i removed all the sensitive material
riveting 
lol
well
i wasnt lieing
duh
I talked to her after the list, she says she was perfectly ok
maybe something else is the matter
i bet you boys said something dumb
or someone upset her
^
hmmmm
yeah blame the boys
I approve of this
witzie++
fuuuuu
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/XHmkqcNF/
witzie++
lol that doesn't even include the quote you used
was that in public, or PM?
lol sunhappy
this was a seperate quote
lawd
goddamit draogness
u wanan see all my chatlogs?
you're no longer a credible witness
OBJECTION
who's going to say no to that?
is that from the game, Architect ?
im PM
yes
i am reminded of my first ex. that blue eyed nerd <3
id be talking
lol
and he'd jump in
she said she was back home
OBJECTION
so i was curious what tht meant
no, i was tihnking of MaM to be honest
i might have worded it wrongly
Jack4ss: is planting keys all over thsi IRC
Architect++++
or maybe mentioned the wrong words
lol Jack4ss 
or maybe mentioned anything
its okay Jack4ss. 
you're so pretty no one really cares what you say
yea, this nig scored like 7 or some shit
im angry at my position on the list
why am i not top?
why's that?
http://imgur.com/QLwHqRz
because BTL has eyes
and money
btl is hot I guess
such conviction witzie 
lol
I'd put Jack4ss ahead of BTL ;)
cough
I said that like 3x no joke
i have that stupid song stuck in my head
you girls are accurate
I'd put Architect ahead of everyone
personally
except Jack4ss 
#2 to him
ha
#3
SP, Jack4ss, Arch, everyone else
there it is
lol
wahey
lol
now i can go bed
Architect++
god dammit
lol Sunhappy_hw++
yay!!
hmm
:O
doesn't work if you add stuff
u dun goofed 
Sunhappy_hw++
Sunhappy_hw******
yay
have some stars
joke lol
fagget
******?
did you just call me a nigger? :O
racist!
oh
hahaha
they are stars
faggot is equally offensive, sure
chill the fuck out sunhappy
before i take them away
rofl tis a joke Jack4ss !
U WANNA JOKE
:O
Jack4ss: is going alpha mode now that he knows all the women want him
look what you've done
he used to be a nice boy
you betta check yoself
before i call tyrone and his partnas
ups in here!!
if Sunhappy_hw had goons, they'd be called Tyrone and T-Dawg, 
so that's pretty funny
because it's totally true
i know a k-dawg
but that's it
of course you do
wow
#black
no seriously
that's one I've never even heard before 
he's an old irc friend from 2003
still on facebook too :3
that's not his real name obviously :O
irc friend from 2003?
jesus
oh yeah. i've been doing irc for awhile
this is my latest one <3
this one isn't nearly as incestuous 
what was irc like in 2003
i wonder how long people are going to stay here
the last one had a huge war
and got divided into 2 chats
and then they both died
like, is witzie going to be here talking about Sp when she's 53?
it happened in 2007. we all still reference it
do husband goggles last that long? 
Architect: the one i had legit stayed friends
lol
so yall will probably keep in touch
Sunhappy_hw: yea, I can see that happening
through other means
even if you don't go to irc anymore
several of my old irc friends married, have kids now
arch and me are facebook friends
he wont add me though
so its a one sided relationship
LOL
it's interesting. i remember when we were all losers.
i wonder if any of you guys will pair up
i would like to see how the guys are in 10 years
I think Jack4ss and katniss will pair up
I'd add you. 
all the omegas in my old chat
how long hav eu guys known eachother?
10 years later
I'd add anyone
all married
witzie can you save that comment for when shes online
"Donald Trump and the Politics of Resentment" http://uncabob.blogspot.com/2016/02/donald-trump-and-politics-of-resentment.html
which is why i don't buy this whole incel nonsense
yall just need to date within your smv
like, ill pop the question and then u say that answer
and stop bitching haha
sure Jack4ss 
u're a bro
but i think blowing ruined my chances with her
Jack4ss******* 
thats for calling me a bro
LOL
cos i told blowing, that im not going all the way to the midlands jsut for the offchance of sex
and then she posted it in chat
when katniss was online
whoa
so she blew up your game with both her and katniss eh?
that's fine
yeah
katniss is in love with BTL bro
its just dreadgame bro
you're not getting her
lol
focus on that blowing game
pfft
i just want a fuck
where are you?
london
just post on craigslist
you'd have pussy by morning
lol, I don't think katniss is that kinda girl to fly ot london to fuck you
is getting sex really this hard? :/
i know
she sounds too proper
dude
i sit on irc
hahaha
soooooooooo take a break
cmon
i talk shit to all you guys all day long
well, you're already on the internet so, you're like halfway there
my smv is sky high
i hear english women are far more difficult to game because they have insane egos
cl all day
i'm on here all the time as well
so is atlas
and lots of people here
i know, thats why we would be compatible sunhappy
what
hit me up
errrrr no thanks
this is the best
chat
in a long time
Jack4ss: she's just bitch-shielding you
i wouldn't fuck most of you guys even if i had no options
hahahaha
LOL
rough
hahahah
shots fired
brutal
officer down
i'm sure you're very nice people though
damn
unecessary brutalness from the sunmoody
we are all Nice Guys
sunmoody??
:(
thats u
sunsad
im after a girl that doesnt shoot me down when i act beta
and u failed.
yay
hahaaha
damn
idk why i'm snarky tonight
probably from the homework
cos u missed out on something ;)
unlikely
lol
XD
lOL
she's throwing haymakers bro
pull a ropadope
tire her out on the ropes
let her snark herself out
dont worry she'll come around
>_>;;
AtlasB: i think this part is the most notable
Still, I trust none of my readers are naive enough to think that a Trump defeat will mean the end of the phenomenon thats lifted him to front runner status in the teeth of everything the political establishment can throw at him. I see the Trump candidacy as a major watershed in American political life, the point at which the wage classthe largest class
of American voters, please notehas begun to wake up to its potential power and begin pushing back against the ascendancy of the salary class.
i actually wnat trump to be the president
it would be amusing to watch
kind of like
how big brother and reality tv is amusing
i want to be married. i'm officially checked out of politics
UK big brother is SICK
i love it
i know right
give me a husband and some money to pay my school loans
that's all i wnat :(
also
that girl that hosts it
they are the worst people
im in love with
really
davina/
YES
UK television is ridiculous
watching XFactor UK wiht cheryl cole from 2009-2012 was like
my entire life
http://www.healthista.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/davina-3-resized.jpg
i learned she was married with a kid
and I was legit sad
that's a weird picture
i like it
it doesn't look like her at all somehow
its an old pic
Jack4ss: do you watch neighbors?
nah
i used to watch eastenders when i was a kid
ohhhhh
i know the show i mean
coronation street
do you watch that
lol nah
i only watch films nowadays
the shitty production qualities of normal tv bores me
that michelle keegan girl is on it
i like netflix shows
yeah they are ok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-ne0gyDsZo
i guess the sex is a no then
https://youtu.be/4-ne0gyDsZo?t=78 **
hey buartha
Hey Sunhappy_hw :)
how are you this evening?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/442tf3/so_now_its_incredibly_condescending_to_tell_women/
This thing where someone takes ONE thing said by ONE feminist or one RP then acts like its what the entire side is saying needs to go
i always tell my girl to drink up
well you sir, are a rapist 
and apparently an abortionist as well
lol cats being the voice of reason again
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/442tf3/so_now_its_incredibly_condescending_to_tell_women/czn0a6u
ah yes
i really appreciate her comments
I will say though that I glanced at the inforgraphic and headlines this morning and thought how stupid and poorly worded it was
blarhg my hair
i look like roadkill
my hair is so dry right now it's unsettling 
aw
put some water on it
well i'm getting my spa shit done tomorrow
nails, waxes and hurr
brag about it
you should put some moisture in it dragoness 
do you go to the salon? 
i find it saves me personal stress
I have; my scalp is lubricated as hell. the ends though O_O
dang
I do and it does
do you need a tirm?
*trim
I need a trim
yeah
yeah
lol
she knows
your hair looks fine
ffs
I'm trying to finish out my week
waht's this week?
may get it done saturday if I'm free of the threat of rain
Sorry for late reply, I'm good Sunhappy_hw, it's like 20 to two here so just chilling in bed, haha. What about yourself?
but really, how dare you sms
aww

i'm doing homework....missing my bf dearly....
his snuggly self :(
eugh
buartha where u from bro
Awww, when they're away you always appreciate them more when they get back at least, haha
i was *this* close to dropping the L word, and i envisioned AtlasB hitting me on the head with a rolled up newspaper cussin me out in yiddish
lololol
i'm serious!
so alas, i said nothing
you guys havent said it yet?
no
Am originally from northern Ireland Jack4ss, live in England now
ah yeah you told me
i'm waiting for him to say it first. like you advised.
everything else is going really well though :3
why should it have happened yet???? O_o
buartha which country do you prefer? is N. Ireland really different?
if neither of you say ILL JUST SAY IT, this is driving me insane
It's not *that* different imo, not as bad as it's made out to be, haha.  It's more socially conservative than the rest of the UK, and a bit strange to outsiders because of the sectarian divides, but I still miss it sometimes. I wouldn't want to live there again though. Would prefer Scotland or the Republic
what does your bf think? did you meet him there?
I met my partner after I moved to England. He would never set foot in Northern Ireland willingly, haha. We've talked about moving to Scotland though
aw
yall are LTR right
We've been together for 6 years and lived together for 4 and a half so I hope so, hahaha :P 
pretty long haha
would yall get married?
lolol https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/j5qIv39m/2RzJsKG.png
I'd love to, and we've talked about it seriously, gone as far as to look into pre-nup stuff (super awkward in the UK because they're often dismissed, ha.) It's not the end of the world if it doesn't happen though
lol dragoness 
What happened on AfterDark btw? 
you want to divorce rape him, don't lie
afterdark got shutdown by quakenet
Shush filozof, don't give away my plan
they were too talkative
too much extro blather
and was cuasing too much traffic
lol drag
not too dissimilar to a ddos attack
I thought we were more active than them?
Ah well
lol jacks
apparently brainless chatter takes up more room on the server
lol
Jack4ss******************
thats just what Jim Quake said
not my words
haha
roflol
its a shame really
lol
we should add something to the topic here
i got something
"RIP Bailey; Do not RIP PPDAfterDark"
PPD: A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/442tf3/so_now_its_incredibly_condescending_to_tell_women/czmzsvr
i love the phrase Stoic Joy
lol
the imagery in my head
I feel like the women getting white girl wasted and the women TTC are probably..in different groups 
drag you didnt go to ppdad?
very rarely 
I'd pop in when the chat  was absolutely dead here but otherwise, not really
omg i'm so irritated
ucking bill pay
whats up
i set up in advance a bill pay for $600
that i forgot to cancel :O
those bills have been paid
so......i can't cancel it now
call  them
i am
blargh!!
send the bayliffs in 
I think when I die and see my stats, I'm going to find out I spent the better part of a full year on the phone with Bank of America 
I've mostly had pleasant experiences with bank of america
i've gotten them to cancel late fees and wipe them off record countless times
they're very good about *fixing* issues yeah
and fast
i just tell them it's their problem or their site's problem and they've never give me probs
they took out something twice which left me overdrawn once
bounced a rent check...it was a whole thing
i think they started treating me better when i upgraded account though
hmm
like give free commission trading, free checks when i ask (Even though they are supposed to charge sometimes)
my bank treats me pretty well
I pay a significant fee monthly for it though, but I get like $600 overdraft
and unlimited access
welp, all the more incentive for me to find a BB quickly 
the perks just keep adding up
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/43zylt/facebook_friends_just_to_watch_them_crash_and_burn/
and this is why I don't put negative things on FB and have like 30 friends
fuuuuuuuuu
i heard credit uniions are popular among redditors. i never had a use but i'm sure they are pop for a reason
so apparnetly
once it's in process, they can't cancel or reverse
.Ping 
there goes 650 dollars
is this your bank saying this or the company?
the bank
hm
i just called them
once its in "process" they can't stop it
cuz it's an electronic transfer
the bank will typically say they cant stop it until it clears
this is why i should never use bill pay :(
yeah I don't let anybody automatically debit anything except my gym because I have to
i think i'm gonna cry
that was my shopping budget :(
:(
BoA sucks
heyy
how is everyone? im making dinner atm
its still on an ACH hold right?
nah. it just shows in process
so i called like atlas said and they said "once it is in process, they can't stop it."
which i think is bullshit, but whatever
I 100% suggest you call to dispute the transaction once it's no longer processing and fully clears
yeah
because they've pulled that line with me 3 times at least
one was for $500 iirc
i think i may call my card companies and just ask for a refund, since it will show they're already paid off
hopefulyl i can have my money back by next monday. and get my new shoes
after it cleared they gave it back like the next day then I got that little postcard in the mail saying my dispute was valid 
whaaaa
oh yes
the bank?
yep
how is that possible?
it should "clear" by tomorrow morning
a dispute investigation takes, I think like 90 days (maybe 60)
s you're saying just call and ask for my money back?
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/78/b6/80/78b68051d68919abbefd1096dc080035.jpg 
kitchen organization for blind ppl
or ppl who don't know what the diff in appearance between onions and potatoes is
so they refund you your money in the meantime
maybe it's for kids
who help in the kitchen:?
Just for colorblind people witzie
That won't help the blind much
some people really just like labeling shit
~banana rack~ yes Molly, I know those are
aww, sometimes I see random people on reddit and want to invite them here.....then I remember..no
we will never have new people
Why no
the authmonster will kill them
I'm bored of you people bring me new friends
I have no idea why we keep the auth monster around
its effective 
for what?
otherwise randos will come in here and lurk and lurk 
keeping new people out?
<DG69> Why no 
"Hey random redditor, come to this IRC I know about"
"RAAAAAAPE"
"nvm"
but really I just spotted this dude https://www.reddit.com/user/keldohead and had that thought 
Lol good point
chillrape?
can you imagine, trying to explain that to random histrionic morons a few time a week
*times
lonny i kinda agree there
whatcha makin
what i dotmn understand is why its so difficult
yeah
its too difficult
it is just a tedious thing
authing was one thing but the mode whatever did my head in
sometimes I click a link to a timewasting site and it has a captcha or e-mail authentication and I am like "nevermind" 
lol. yeah
authing took me ten minutes for one little typo I kept making
It took me like an hour
because I was using brackets 
if i had no reason to believe you guise aren't a bunch of redditards screaming at each other I would have quit trying after 3 minutes
haha
less than that
to be fair, I came here and quit for a few months
over and over
I would have fucked it up once and went back to reddit
because I couldn't figure it out
and this was wayy before authing
also I had zero prior experience with ircs. you may have a point
It's not difficult, there's literally picture instructions, but there's just something about it people don't get
i think people don't get the difference between a username and a nick
that too
and then try to auth with a nick and not a username etc.
yeh
maybe the pic should be in a different color. the background I mean
because a cursory glance at it makes things seem way more complicated than they actually are
oh i think i need to fix the vouch still
why does this get downvoted
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/442mn5/the_trp_obsession_with_biological_and_animal/czn2ww4
drok that woudl help
new ppl arent goign to care enough to go through bullshit
an dthe sunnie issue has died down
"leftist-tard MRA"
it hits them right in the feels
oh ok
that swhy
lol
;p
.reload
I mean they will be an 8 and bang a 6
e.g. there are some 1s and 10s, but not nearly as many people who are attracted to 1s and 2s
that's kind of something I'm struggling with
I've seen hot women with totally ugly dudes.
or just take something because it's there and be like "don't tell anyone bitch..."
not a sub4
<Architect> it's entirely possible for a dude to find a girl strangely attractive
 .vouch bearhat
I see far more hot men with meh women
Hell, wasn't there that "punch above your weight" competition?
thats because they were their beta bucks
That's great Camille!  If the fried rice was good, can I have the recipe.  J's been wanting me to make that
see but he finds here attractive in some way
*her
anyway i think that trope makes sense for the simple reason that women are more selective
dragoness: yea, but it's not an objective thing
they kind of have to be
" I see far more hot men with meh women" as do I
they are more cautious
but it matters Architect
it's like "I understand she's conventionally not amazing looking, but I like her for whatever reason"
but do I see men over 6 with a woman under 5
never 
see it doesn't kick then
i see that daily
.vouch bearhat delete
Most people generally don't dip below 5 as it is.
anyways, the answer to your question dragoness, is that the chad has a lot to choose from that are still acceptable. The incel doesn't
sure
if you're a 4/10 incel, you have no where to go before "this person is gross, even for me..." territory
but really it reads like Chad is choosing from a pool of girls that even incels supposedly can't bring themselves to
well
Ooh, scratch fried rice. :o
like I said, I don't actually agree that chads do this, but also consider that...
to a 8 or 9/10 chad, a 5 or 6 woman could be "gross" or "meh"
note that incels are often self limiting
if he can get 9/10 women
that's why AtlasB calls them volcels
they don't fuck these women because they assume then they have to be in an LTR
I like that term.
volcel?
Voluntary incels.
voluntary celibate
Er. Yeah.
Wait
the beta attitude is diff from alpha/cad attitude
incels don't fuck women because they assume these women are in LTRs?
alphas are fine with hump and dump
betas believe they should take responsibility
and don't want to just lay a bunch of broken women in their wake
so they end up not having sex
they don't settle
i dunno know about that
alphas will settle because they're fine with pump and dump
yeah, sms
and a lot of girls are ok with that too
because they just wnt sex
did not apply to me lol
the guys on r/hookers are havign the time of their live
to play the field Architect 
sbanging hookers
lol
lolol
lool AtlasB 
i think most betas just don't think they have what it takes
lol Atlas
most betas still have bad game
most men in general have bad game
right that too. i'm not saying my explanation is the only factor
I don't really believe that is a great time
kittenkajira stille ating but its delish http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/fried-rice-recipe.html
<Architect> i think most betas just don't think they have what it takes
my point is that beta incels are self-inhibiting
thats what I meant arch
yeh
when i was a virgin it was 100% self inhibitions
it's not like i didn't haev women who were interested
i will admit that a lot of men could probably do better with women than they think they can
idea like "soul mates" and other things stopped me
if they corrected the worst parts of their game
the incels that are self-inhibiting are level 1 incels
?
they just lack confidence
and game
not looks
yeah
level 2 incels can't actually get women that give them boners
because a good portion of the guys on the FA sub are young and at least relatively attractive 
level 3 are disgusting and the only ones who could only have hookers
Im a lv99 Orc Paladin 
respect
there needs to be another level 
?
for what? I actually found that fairly accurate
elderly people?
like, the special snowflake level 
who else?
Didn't someone get rejected by a hooker
carkudo
so he says
I believe he was really young when that happened
but I dunno
some hookers wont do young guys
That seems like a level
what is the special snowflake level?
Or he was sweating bullets and the hooker was like "this is not for you bud..."
yeah i heard that young guys are the worst consumers
haha
i dont know why that is exactly
they suck at fucking
probably because young men have a weak potential to be regular customers
even the hooker won't endure it
and have limited funds
<Lonny_Z> what is the special snowflake level?
I'm trying to articulate it
i know what you're going to say
like, the Drenzards of the world
can't it go in level 1
a mental thing that makes them incel
you're going to say that there are guys who for some reason, in their life, got fucked up, and for some reason have some strange hang up that makes no sense
so they gave up on women
right?
like being a 5 who demands 10s
okay possibly that
but more like the ones with very fixable, minor issues, not even like they have horrible game but they just never ever want to fix anything
like sense of dress..or...leaving their house sometimes
~because women don't have to~
apparently 
I don't feel like that often happens. Ussually "anylsis paralysis" happens to people with whom what they have to fix requires long term goal planning and dedication, which they don't have, which is why they're incel
see, I can think of like 5 examples of where that's not the case
I think if a guys' major problem is he dresses horribly, that usually gets fixed in his twenties fast
if only
clueless guys who don'tknow to fix their haircut can go in level 1
I mean, I'd love for that to be my only issue in life
lol
ill trade
it's weird
I'm seeing a lot of 'nice guys' who fall into this category 
well Nice Guy'ism is a major topic
Nice Guy'ism isn't even 1 brand, it's multiple
okay let me be super clear on something
I'm speaking like, exclusively of the self-titled nice guys who go straight to their niceness as being the issue
dammit where is that post
I would probably say in both veins of Nice Guy'ism, the guy's niceness is the issue
you have nice guys who are genuinely nice, probably too much, and respect women way too much to being scared of losing their validation, and you have ncie guys who use their niceness as "game", which is the version feminsits always straw man as the only version
also his cluelessness
^
the nice guys on r/niceguys were too retarded to see that the girl they orbited was never, and could never be, interested
yeah
that is more an issue of how society and culture teaches men how to relate to women than of men being stupid though IMO
idk, just been seeing this weird uptick in guys who seem to need to be like, 100% chased down and pursued by women 
most of female sexual nature is counter-intuitive and incoherent
what do you mean?
see, I used Drenzard as an example because he was the best explanation for what I'm talking about
a sort of "well, if they want me they should come to me"
I don't know him
mentality 
oh. hmm
well
there is validity in that manner of thought to a degree
I mean if you're like a 20'something ry old man and no woman has ever made it obvious she finds you attractive, you're doing something wrong
well then you're getting into having the expectations of a Chad when you're just a Steve
Benngunn
He also says that
even if you're a steve though
He wants to be approached
mmhm
And now he doesn't settle for less than 10s
if your personality is good and you have lived, say 25 yrs on this earth, someone should have found you noteworthy
lololol
So he does nothing
right
the thing is, there probably were girls who found them noteworthy 
but not enough to change her entire sexual strategy to express that
I never really bought into that argument
a single man has men literally probably aroudn a thousand individual women by the time he's 25
and he's waiting for her to literally land on his dick
not all women's strategy is "sit here, do nothing"
it's not "do nothing"
even males who think you're of value will express it to you
"I mean if you're like a 20'something ry old man and no woman has ever made it obvious she finds you attractive, you're doing something wrong" or really, you are unattractive
who are totally straight
within that time
but I'm not going to give a guy a lap dance in the grocery store to show him I'm into him
haha
no
I mean, sure, some dudes are literally obtuse
you could suck their dick and they'd be like "soooo...u like me or something?"
haahaha
but only after like 5yrs
"Oh, you LIKED ME?!"
but most men and most women have average/decent social skills, they can tell if someone really finds them attractive
I agree, not if it's "i wish that guy would talk to me..."
some chicks hide it well
im just saying there had to be like...1 or 2 in 25yrs
sure
cue the oneitis
some chicks though
and he'll never pick up and anyone else's interest ever again
~the end~
*pick up on
I used to know chicks who'd be like "I really want that guy but I can't talk to him. That's not what women do. We don't make first move"
and I'd be like "so if you're never going to engage him...you're just going to accept you'll never get him?"
past high school, maaayybe college?
"...*gears turning*..."
I actually think most incels have the opposite problem
they think women being nice = attraction
the hot ones, yes
if you're an incel you spent most of your time in the SMP watching how girls behave to guys they DO like
who aren't you
because they have never experienced a woman being attracted
and most women ignore them
so when a girl is nice, they think she likes them
women are very good at giving clear IOIs
yes
but until I was around 20-21
and actually started to get any IOIs
I had no idea there were IOIs
that isn't something that is talked about
I feel like there's a disconnect.
men talk about game without mentioning that IOIs are essential for approach
when i was growing up, i never really knew what it even meant for a girl to like me
I did the same thing with guys, though.
yeah
m too
i actually threw away some oppurtunities
because I didn't understand what they meant
me too
a girl asked me to come over to her house at night once
I was like "??? You like me? I couldn't tell AT ALL."
and I was like "nah, my friend can't come. Oh Well. Bye"
hahaha aw
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4403sh/its_okay_if_a_hot_guy_does_it_but_when_i_do_it_im/czma4ve
this post illustrates that idea
that men NEED IOIs
but if you never got onw
most normal guys are not going to experience women expressing nearly the level of as aggressive attraction toward them as SOME women express toward Chad
you don't know that
but they don't realize the underlying things at play
" i've been approached by guys who i objectively found quite attractive at inappropriate times, so the interaction still creeped me out and went nowhere. one guy-- attractive and my type, someone i'd be into under different circumstances-- decided, for example, that approaching me and asking me for my number as i was picking out steaks at the grocery store
was a good idea. it was really weird and i declined..."
that's weird 
I can't relate 
well
IME
that is how women operate
approach without IOI?
100% failure rate
I personally wouldn't bother with IOI's. They are nice to have, but encourage sitting aroudn
you get IOIs as your value increases
yes but then you have the plethora of men who openly say they dont like outright pursuit
you get 0 at one end of the spectrum and it gets obnoxious on the other
Approach outside a party/bar/concert?
100% failure rate
wow
yeah, idk
I met my ex in the damn cereal aisle 
yeah that never happens
oh come on
people are meeting somewhere
its not all tinder and bars
90% of people meet at a bar/party/club/concert/school/work/internet
^
there are no other places that work so well
Thank you!
What it's down to one minute now??
Well that's because those are natural social gathering places.
sure
It used to be 3
dragoness: men who claim they don't like outright pursuit are oddities IMO
I don't believe they are real factors in typical men
hi annakmk 
Hey architect
Sup?
they are real factors for men who have sufficient women
well, I feel like a tool going outside those places now
never works
annakmk: we talking bout men and stuff, you know how we do
Yeah haha
I would imagine men who have abundance probably just don't care
and ignore
I don't believe anyone's like "man, i wish these women would stop wnting me.."
no, lol
but I do think many find it off putting
and it sends the wrong signal 
Nick Bateman. Everyone constantly tells him how he he is and he is visibly annoyed in every interview.
*how hot
 That guy is the 1% of the 1% though.
that is so different
Well, a guy who is pursued by many women is probably a guy who can point at a woman and have her. A woman pursuing him is probably a signal she's not worth him
whoever the fuck that is
I will agree to that
well they exist in a different world
If imagine you have to treat him like a hot girl and ignore
no even alphas cant pick and choose
* I imagine
lol, that work on you annakmk ?
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/7s26LF57/10454300_10152094186875373_7688872549690009981_n.jpg
oh...
if a guy has a woman pursuing him, he generally holds off on taking her out until the ones that are hotter that don't pursue have turned him down
...
dragoness: where did you get my picture?
lolol
doxx..
<Lonny_Z> if a guy has a woman pursuing him, he generally holds off on taking her out until the ones that are hotter that don't pursue have turned him down
Lonny_Z++
yup i agree with that Lonny_Z
especially if they only date one/time
Well Justin bieber for example is like a pussy placed on a pedestal. You have to take him off his pedestal to have any chance.
how do you know this?
Yeah dragoness I agree
War
I mean, I've taken some L's in the past because I outright pursued 
*wat
*is secretly Selena gomez*
what's an "L"?
and immediately got myself categorized in another box entirely 
JB left Selena a long time ago
lol
loss
he's dating a stripper now or something
JB was able to cheat on her like 7 times...it was fairly impressive
and she came back every time
I heard she just wants to look good for him now
They were caught riding 2 segways together at some point. The weirdest photo op.
how do you unpedastal someone besides negs/appearing indifferent?
that's all you really need to do
that's a mental thing
I don't think you have to do anything TO her for YOU not to pedestalize her
Oh dang. Roosh and ROK ended up on my Facebook feed somehow.
I wish these celebrities were kind people who have their personalities manufactured and a celebrity wide dramatic script to act out
Lol zombie
Time to delete Facebook
lol wut annakmk 
Yeah same aZombieKitten
annakmk: Patheos?
oh shit, I have poor zombie on ignore
LOL
#Drama
;-;
Waaaaahhhh
Lol dragoness what'd I miss
My poor fee fees.
no, the bot was tripping last night
I don't trust that not
Bot*
TIL Milk in commercials is hot glue
Is it because I kept logging in and out or something?
yeah
Hot glue? How's that not uncomfortable?
ok, there we go
no one's eating it
lol
I bet that was probably because of a few different problems I was having.
It's for those commercials where milk is splashing into cereal or something
Architect imagine that JB was a decent guy, but he walks into his execs office, and the exec says "today, we give you a shoulder tattoo and get you to a Mexican brothel." He please and pleads to let the world see the real, nice, humble him, but the exec says "you sold all rights to your personality to me when you signed this contract guaranteeing you
10M/year, deal"
Oooh, I'm thinking the ones with the milk mustache
ew no
that's paste
and yogurt
aZombieKitten: no some girl on my feed is complaining about him.
You know a lot about this lol
Oh, annakmk. On mine, someone linked to a post that mentioned Roosh and ROK.
i also learned that ice cream in commercials
is mashed potatoes
Cue bingo card regarding misogyny.
Ewww
It's comforting how everyone hates him.
roosh is master level trolling now
I mean the guy himself is sort of weird, even the red people here agree right?
"Our hypermasculine culture sets unrealistic expectations and encourages men to see women as potential sex partners instead of as neighbors, co-workers, and friends." This phrase in particular got me. lol
Dude how can you legally sell one thing by advertising something totally fake?
i think some people called them rape classes
That pisses me off
"JB was able to cheat on her like 7 times...it was fairly impressive" lol Architect following JBs sex life
I don't really care for Roosh, but I wasn't expecting a TRP leak onto my Facebook.
He is generating awareness to the mra plight
lol mras hate roosh but think its dumb to ban him
Haven't had TRP leak onto there since my friends tried to publicly shame me.
aww what? D:
"Our hypermasculine culture sets unrealistic expectations and encourages men to see women as potential sex partners instead of as neighbors, co-workers, and friends."  LOL WOMEN BEING HOT DOES THAT. HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH CULTURE.
Roosh is generating revenue
He makin dat bread
i think eeryone from MRA to TRP are all lolling at it
He thinks rape should be legal in private
No he doesn't
That was satire
Yeah. Who would actually publicly out themselves as an mra
lots of people
satire that has bloops gunning for him because they are morons
People with other MRA friends.
toronto has a strong MRA group
No he said that there should be a rule that when a woman goes to a mans house, it means she consented to sex, and therefore there should be no rape.
It's like people outing as anti-feminist.
because they have so many feminazis
It was written in all seriousness
That's how satire works
he was not serious lol
There was a philosopher who wrote a whole thing about how abortion should be legal after birth
I read it, he seemed serious.
It was just a philosophical argument
annakmk took the bait!
It's an idea, not necessarily something that they mean, just something to discuss
Idk people are generally super repulsed by roosh my Facebook feed is blowing up.
Well I agree he's repulsive
there's going to be a roosh meetup in my city this month
i might go
yeah but they're just playing into his hands, its like that beach body shit
He's the poor man's Bret Easton Ellis
This gay dude is up in arms about how women are more than just objects of fertility.
go and take pics
seemed to me it was satire to prove a point annakmk: if women want to remain undateraped, they should stop going to the houses of men they don't want to fuck and making out in their bed
His writing reads just like Ellis, seriously
it's pretty simple
annakmk: is his name luke?
More in Rules of Attraction than American Psycho
I don't see how he relates to Ellis AT ALL
Dead tone
in any way
Bleak
My link came from a Pagan blog, though.
Empty
Void
Lonny_Z well then what about married couples, long standing friends and relationship?
Interactions all empty transactions
i don't get why gay men care about feminism more than women
Bored with everything
look at all these canadian mayors virtue signalling
Read rules of attraction
Lonny_Z++
It's the same voice and tone
Nope not luke I feel like there's a reference I'm missing
Anyone still up? I just got up from my nap to be awake when H gets home
lo-fucking-l @ people who overthink such simple matters
because those gay men made the mistake like many straight men of believing what women say
Yes SMS I love our mayors
annakmk: lol, no, i just know a raging feminst whos also flamboyantly gay
hsi name is luke
and he has like 100000 friends
figured in a freak connection, he may be one
you*
yeah my lust for sex partner is due to hypermasculine culture. lol
... SMS women are more than objects of fertility
there is no way I could know the situation for all date rapes, but all the accounts I read online are "I went to his dorm room / apartment and made out with him and SUDDENLY wanted to stop
good work lo_andbehold 
i am enjoying new jeans & a new jeans size :3
annakmk: duh, i dont look at my mom that way :D
(and being self-congratulatory)
annakmk: how do we know that?
don't worry men are just walking laborers and wallets
so it evens out
Lonny_Z: i think the reason why certain groups want to overemphasize culture's influence on male sexual desire 
H and I went shopping for clothes for him. Huge success! We got him two new pairs of jeans and like 5 new shirts
is to make themselves feel more important
give their movement more meaning
gotta virtue signal
"no WE love women the mostest"
because if they can change society, they can change male nature
nice work
Yay, cakeforallofyou!
i'd rather be a sexual object than a walking wallet and labourer
"WE are the most progressivist"
I don't understand why anyone would aspire to be like Roosh, he seems joyless
Well no, men are more than walking labourers and wallets
Like life is just bland to him
I'm trying not to buy any more clothes until I start gaining enough weight to need new clothes. So new jeans for you have got to be exciting cakeforallofyou!
unfortunately, not really
What kind did you get? 
I found my local roosh counter protestors
Brand? Cut? Worth the money?
only cheapies, no point getting too expensive ones while i'm losing
they want to hire a sousaphone player to follow anyone who goes to the meetup
and on 60% sale ;)
Lol
I mean sometimes it settles into that role but they are also fathers, husbands, boyfriends etc.
i remember back when i was approx mid school or maybe later, listening to Love Line with adam and drew on radio while falling asleep
straight leg, medium indigo, slightly stonewash
Makes sense 
and first hearing about rape being about power not sex
i just need something to get me through to goal weight :3
they were laughing so hard
nobody cares about men as fathers or boyfriends or husbands though
and i laughed so hard
i couldn't fall asleep anymore
usually the narative is that men suck at those roles
universally
but 2 sizes smaller than my last pair.
fiat laughs!
What it is about power
"rape is about power, not sex!"
My mom lost some weight and one of her coworkers gave her a hard time on not keeping up with it and dressing accordingly 
I'm still annoyed by how weird sizing is depending on the store.
Well it's about both
sex is about power
haha, how old are you zom?
sure, maybe some element of power, but how can you not say it's about sex
I fit sizes 12-16 in children's pants depending on the brand and type of pants.
please, a guy does it with an erection
EVERYTHING is about power
21, lo_andbehold
even drew was saying it's nonsense
and it's political
I think in most situations, it's just a guy who thinks he was gonna get sum and doesn't want to stop now
Architect I disagree. A lot of girls look up to their fathers.
I got over that years ago. There are some places I just can't shop because of vanity sizing 
sum up the theme of every story in one word: POWER
Kids pants are too short for me, but I love me some kids section clothes
right Lonny_Z everything "technically" about power in some way
im basically a different pant size in every store and style lol 
oh sure, but that's not a social view; that's an individual female 
Kids pants are the right length for me, generally.
but clearly it's about sex too. how can you say rape is not about sex
such nonsense
But I have stubbly legs.
Little girls these days dress so fast, I have a lot of cute things to choose from.
Yeah agreed
atoms and quarks are about a balance of power
It's shoes that I get more sad about.
the reason why what's-her-name... brownmiller
yeah that's the author
Poor zom
hehe
it is all about power, who and what haves it and who and what doesn't
Children's shoes don't have the right variety.
the reason why her soundbite on that matter gained popularty
fiat++
My god mother wore children's shoes
There was this joke. What does the married woman do with her asshole in the morning?
was because fminists wanted their movement to have even more purpose
i love children's shoes
but i like sparkles a lot ;)
i mean if your movement says you need to change culture
i hate buying shoes, not a shoe person at all 
Send him to work 
and that by changing culture you can change male nature
then doesn't that make your movement seem more powerful
I want all of the cute adult shoes but can't have them unless I shop online.
eg melissa ultragirl glutter flats
<3
gliter :P
suddenly it's not something that is biological
glitter
dear lord.
outside your field of expertise
Me too, they're always an afterthought for me Amelia 
I am not a glitter person. :p
suddenly it's a social issue that you understand as a feminist
that is when I started to shift against feminism
i need just the basics, black sandals, black boots, gold sandals, etc 
they were like "you like tits, you are EVIL"
Well they think male nature is more contextual than biological.
which is absurd
right but they have an *incentive* to think that way
dresses and tank tops are my money sinks haha 
hormones HELLO
Not entirely
to keep the movement more relevant
what relevancy do they have as social workers
if this problem was mostly biological
transsexuals, what is the first thing they do to them
something that can only be solved via genetics
pump them with hormones
something outside their field of expertise
Men are encouraged to partake in power seeking, and women in power approving. That's the only difference between male and female behaviour.
*in approval seeking, women. Sorry.
I got a lot of clothes and shoes for free from my SIL when she moved
Yay free clothes, but a lot of it just *wasn't* me lol
i can't honestly remember when i became anti-feminist
i have toned down the glitter. but it's always tempting.
i read your blog/article on that, annakmk. nice ideas, but that's hardly the *only* difference
i think around the age of 22'ish
between masc and fem behaviours
There are some biological things obviously but they're negligible. Imo.
annakmk: men seek power because testosterone, women approve it because estrogen cannot compete
Haha, boots are my real crutch.
There are plenty of ambitious women that slay the field
they are not. so many "socially enforced"/"learned" behaviours just come right down to biology
lets be egalitarian and let the WNBA play against the NBA
the mere fact that women are smaller than men
physically
"teaches" women to fear men
or be cautious
WNBA being a bunch of high t lesbians
men have so much less reason on avg to fear women
or be cautious about sex, etc
NEGLIGABLE LOL
i'll take false rape accusations for 500
when bloops deny science I just can't
when bloops say "science" they mean social science
thats what ive concluded
Fiat Lonny_z I'll have to look into the size differences and sport performance differences, I'll get back to you with that when I do.
I gtg to bed anyway
my favourite example of the difference between men and women in sport is the WIlliams example
Night!
oh, bye bye annakmk 
i had this argument with Saint before; i know female athletes, who are competitive and thus have their ball on the line
saying that they would not want to compete vs trans women
when the topic came up
know why? because men and women are different
I finally bought fresh eyeliner
people who have the something on the line, like people who compete
Night and day difference 
people who care about these things
know there's a difference
physically for sports
oh, gnight annakmk 
bye annakmk you sweet girl but LOL THE CLIPPERS WOULD DESTROY THE REIGNING WNBA TEAM THEY CANNOT EVEN DUNK
good ideas though, on your blog, annakmk 
where is her blog?
she linked it long time ago, you might have to ask her next time to relink
i remembered it because she broughtup something a few scores of lines back
And here's something you guys will rarely hear me say: I really enjoyed my dinner tonight. I even had dessert! And I ate everything
about power seeking and power approving
no feminists advocate for sports egalitarianism because everyone knows it is absurd
do you not normally like to eat? 
No, I don't like to eat
you think Holly Holm creamed Rhonda Rousey? witness her get killed by Diego Sanchez
Ooh. :o What did you have, lo_andbehold?
that is why we even have weightclasses within the sexes
well done!
some people, regardless of technique, cannot overcome their genetic limitations
i think they should make feminist boxers box men
Butternut squash ravioli with dried red peppers and pumpkin seeds and for dessert a warm apple tart
on principle
"he won because he is a misogynist!"
"he couldn't wait to beat up a woman!"
I didn't feel great after, but that's mostly because I hate feeling too full. 
i think they should make feminists who want more women in stem address the gender gap in mining
and sanitation
they want power
so no
not happening
lol they wont get it one way or another
check out yahoo
what?
Melissa Mayr fucking up?
my h boxed a woman once
lol
she challenged him
Well, it sounds like you got a pretty healthy meal there. :) Plus a yummy dessert.
they danced around for a whil eand she hit him
thats a lose-lose challenge right there
he socke dher once in the chest and she went down crying
I only default to healthy as a vegetarian haha
was she a big lady?
Lonny_Z yeah
these sex divisions in sports are not even bad for women who care
about athletics
what did she do UAHammer ?
competitive females can feel good about being #1 of their gender
rather than #100 of PEOPLE
it would be retarded if there were no division by sex and for most sports all the top players were just men
and it discouraged women from being competitive
That sounds yummy lo_andbehold!  I'd like to try the squash ravioli 
that's is why i brought the trans matter up
being a transman would be a cheat
i really hope people start abusing that gender is a social construct thing
unless they transitioned at age 9 or something
what basketball team would accept women
> free admission for women
if it was all unisex
>i am female you shitlord
how many women would be playing professionally and competitive in bball
I can't remember if I already said this, but I made sourdough bread from wheat I milled, and it turned out awesome!
how tall are WNBA centers
pretty tall
how many women would be feeling great standing on the podium for being the best boxer in their weight class
why bother being competitive then
like 6'0 to 6'3
lol
that's tall for women
point guards are 6'3"
maybe taller than that
feminists arguing about these things just want something to complain about 
mfw derrick rose can block a WNBA center
some of these gender seg ideas were started in their favour
instead we have female champions, winning their own 1st, 2nd, 3rd, places
setting models for young girls
I fail to see how "gender is a social construct" tards can't just look at sports
instead of just unisex sports
where it's only men
basically no women
Lonny_Z those people are probably 250lbs+
that sounds very awesome!
How'd you make it? In a bread maker? 
awesome kittenkajira well done
Thanks!
I have a bread maker.  This one was made with my kitchen aid and a 7" round cake pan
I can use spelt to make deserts.  I'm gonna try that, too!
what sort of a mill do oyu use?
 Native Americans believed in three genders
I got an attachment for the kitchen aid.  It was easy to use and only took a couple of minutes
Fun fact of the day
You can purchase grain mill machines or hand crank ones
oh, okay
cool :)
A kitchen aid seems like an awesome thing to spring for
http://www.kitchenaid.com/shop/countertop-appliances-1/countertop-appliances-2/stand-mixer-attachments-3/-[KGM]-400565/KGM/ like this?
prabhu?
manjari?
<3
supergirl?
Fassdong?
Someone get that robot some fassdong
wait you like that bitch?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Gz1x3lr6jE ....sometimes I wish Jackie Chan retired when he said he was 15 years ago
Lol Lonny_Z
That's it!  It's $100 on Amazon.  :)
Dg69sux?
Every Frame a Painting has a good video about him on youtube
DG69SUX2?
ahhh there we are
I love my mixer.  I've had it for around 8 years
chainsaw?
noooooo
.del term chainsaw
kill me
DG69SUX?
I made homemade granola bars, too!  The kitchen smelled so nice when he got home.
she's so hot jesus
boo, just read some reviews and it's not suitable for grain-grinding for beer
oh well :)
homemade granola bars sounds amazing.
8:47 PM <chasingstatues>  Native Americans believed in three genders <--- ah yeah, lots of 4th world believed in 3 or more genders
doesn't really bother me. i didn't care about any of this stuff before.
ironically it was by getting to know and being friends with female athlete/teammates
that got me to care 
I just think it's interesting
what were the extra genders
It was just to account for anomalies
Feminine men, gay men, hermaphroditism
Hermaphrodites*
it was called the berdache or two spirit
i used to be fine with unigender. everyone the same. why shouldn't women just compete with men (I wasn't feeling threatened after all)
and i wouldn't mind trans leagues. i dun care
but when it comes to women in sports where gender differences are obvious
like boxing, for me, obv the women will care
Yeah they do
i know they'd rather trans women be their own league and men stay out of women league
so that they have their own shot
at glory
hell if boxing was popular enough and there were enough people, i wouldn't even mind hermoprodite or feminine gay male leagues
 I think sports should be banned
I feel like a Cyborg and Rhonda fight is inevitable
I'm going to experiment with wearing my contacts more often
but it's a balance with practicality too
but then there is a can of worms with that
I feel like I 'hide' behind my glasses a lot if that makes sense 
there simply aren't enough competitive people
fiat that sounds hilarious
imagine a 7'0" man being trans
the feminine gay male leagues
my boxing team literally had the most women of any collegiate team or military team in the US at the time
military meaning air force boxing team, army, navy
grand total of 5 women. lol
I mean, can you even face this fiat:
there will never be an asian male boxing champ in the USA
like ever
do it
or get laser?
i mentioned wanting to laser my legs to huscat and he nixed it right now
i don't care. that's only logical
ah well.
imagine some Japan league dude versus Klitscho (sp?)
my fiance said i can get laser on my bikini one day, yay! 
even before we get into racial differences, which i'm sure there are, there are too many other problems
like asian population. it's low
or even someone closer to his weight class like Mayweather
in the US it's like 5% of pop
yay!
fiat something something fast twitch muscle fibers
well pacqiao was good
Mayweather sort of bombed whatshisname
yeah Pacquiao
plus there are lots of reasons people don't bother going pro
diff culture
and different career paths
but you don't have to be a citizen
I wouldn't do laser, I'm lightskinned, but I don't think I'm light enough for it to work as well
less opportunity for hopefuls even within that small community to put out pro boxers
like Pacquiao
The best results are on pale people with dark hair
yeah, skin color is an issue
to be the "worldwide champ"
i'm not sure how well it would work on me, my body hair is quite light
underarms would be good though
im super pale and have medium-dark brown hair so i think Im a good candidate 
some Jap has no chance
Mayweather is brilliant. i know redditors give him flak because they are mad he's not a brawler
glad you can see that
Yeah, you probably would be Amelia 
I've made peace with doing my own waxing. I make it from sugar and lemon juice so it's super cheap, and if I stay on top of it, it doesn't hurt (as much) and the hair grows back thinner
asians didn't do too badly in olympic boxing though
ofc olympic is completel differeny from pro
that's nice :)
*different
olympic uses similar rules to collegiate boxing
I can get away with doing my legs every 6 weeks
low rounds, scoring system
asians are best at gymnastics and stuff like that
hm, $35/treatment for underarms. x10, that's pretty great if it means no underarm hair.
anything where weight is a factor towards being heavy
they will be destroyed
my underarms should be dark enough.
Lo, is there a super particular recipe for that?
yeah because they are lighter weight.
yep
i hate having any stubble or poky hairs growing in so i end up shaving a lot :( 
hines ward was pretty cool
just sayan
some asian dude would need to get diabetes to make the heavyweight tier
and then get destroyed by Vladmir Kitchsko
they tend to do significantly better in olympic/collegiate boxing for example than pro
For me, I have pretty dark body hair, so I have to shave often.
because collegiate is more about burst/power/speed
2 cups sugar, 1/4 cup lemon juice and 1/4 cup water. I cook it in a stainless steel sauce pan for ~28 mins until it's a dark amber
beacuse of the lower number of rounds
and the scoring system
one of my friends gamed that scoring system badly
barely hurt his opponents and still got US championship of his weight div
3 yrs in a row
i dont really grow body hair right now as a side effect of medication and its sooo amazing 
everyone hates points
and decisions
wow!
whoah
what medication
because that sounds fab
yeah pro is more exciting to most people. they want to see knockouts. lol
chemo :( trust me you dont want it! it's the only good side effect 
oh.
but that's also why they unfairly hate mayweather
=(
and why i don't mind him
goodness. sorry Amelia .
that's...yeah not a great trade.
Silver lining huh? Hope you have a speedy recovery 
im almost done treatments :) 
mayweather is one of those guys with 1000+ ng/dl natural testosterone
there is no knocking that out
yay :)
in his weight class
That's good
and recently got engaged so now i can spend my down time thinking about wedding stuff, yay! 
yeah but he's disciplined enough to be safe regardless
yay! congrats
what is your reddit u, Amelia ? i don't know if i've seen you on there.
am3liia, i dont comment much 
ah, okay. not one i recognise :)
i woudln't use japanese as an example though. they've really lost a lot of edge
something is wrong with them culturally
i read every post and never think to comment lol 
chinese actually haven't been doing *that* terribly for olympic boxing
japan cares about boxing
Same, my comments are few and far between
what is your username lo_andbehold? 
and olympic wins 
way more
yeh, but they don't seem as aggressive/competitive lately
the culture almost seems to be increasingly insular
they have salarymen breeding
and making hikikomori
look at koreans in contrast
lo_andbehold_ 
koreans spreading their culture. The "Hallyu" has been around for close to two decades now
they still make the least shitty cars
kpop is more popular among asian americans than jpop now
mostly weeabs know jpop songs, while so many westerners know gangnam style
or kinky korean girl bands
because korean boys/girls look more anglo
samsung is the biggest tech company in the world
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/443l5f/im_8_months_pregnant_and_my_dear_husband_still/ this whole situation makes me sad
Sony gave up on TVs and monitors
while sony, panasonic, etc
me too
are not as big anymore
Sony cost too much, is why
but is the best quality
me three, I just started reading
It's tricky because she doesnt want to nag but at the same time, he needs to grow up 
and color rendition
yeah. i mean, sleeping through interviews?
but they have playstation
so they do not care
that is NOT acceptable behaviour and makes me think he's probably depressed, maybe low T
sleeping 7am-6pm as an unemployed, father to be? yikes 
i was thinking the same thing
and while korea is outward looking, japanese are insular. i have expat friends in japan who *still * complain about that to this day
and he's 22 and she's 21
like In Japan, japanese will still think their country is number one or at the very least the avg person doesn't even consider studying abroad
or working for a foreign company
What's he up all night doing?
their idea of ultimate success is going to a japanese universit
Porn or video games?
like todai 
oh goodness, she's studying abroad
and working for a japanese company 
interesting
https://www.reddit.com/r/BabyBumps/comments/41lmda/so_im_studying_abroad_and_noone_back_home_knows/
whereas for other asians they highly value
i saw that too
working for foreign companies
or studying in foreign universities
!!!
my 1 japanese friend from school works at hitachi now
so.. can confirm?
she's from russia
or, no, she is in russia
he needs to just get any job to at least have some income 
now that may seem loyal, 
and i'm not saying nationalism is all bad
cant be too picky when there is a baby on the way 
but think what that does to them. they are not integrating with the rest of the world
it's basically them vs the anglosphere
they're not going to beat the anglosphere
hell they are still catching up to korea trying to integrate with the sinosphere
goodness. no family support, no jobs, studying...goodness.
koreans are eating all that super spicy stuff
i hope they make it.
The problem is she married him like that.
raises their T
i think she said their parents are supporting them at the moment 
9:23 PM <Lonny_Z> because korean boys/girls look more anglo <--- dude koreans don't naturally look anglo
Seems like she knew what she was getting herself into.
they're making themselvs seem more anglo
well, i mean they're not in the same country, hard to emotionally support
that sucks aZombieKitten , i hadn't realised
they do have a big plastic surgery culture
through makeup, fashion, and especially surgery
yeah I kno
they care more
oh yeah, financial but not emotional support 
japanese don't care about that. they are more insular
She already said he had trouble finding a job in the former semester.
but it shows in their Kpop stars
yeah.
goodness.
i wonder if he was always like that or if the incomigng baby made him struggle 
they get cheekbones and jaw done
right because they care more about wide appeal.
japs usually just do the eys
eyes*
I suspect there's some degree of "already like that" based on the nonstandard sleeping schedule plus baby struggle.
it might also be cultural, not "spicy food" lol
Unless he gets a graveyard shift job, there aren't many options for his kind of schedule.
japanese have that "cute culture" going on
it's betafying the men. rolf
*rofl
lol yes there is that
yeah.
he's a graphic designer 
a student designer, i assume
he still needs to keep regular hours.
i imagine it's a tough market 
but I literally saw a study done that says spicy food raises T
I was half kidding but who knows?
all dat spice they use
If he's not willing to change his sleeping schedule, then problems like this might be privy to continue.
But that's entirely on him.
yeah and if theyre calling him for interviews during normal business hours he'll be sleeping through them 
privy to continue?
Er. I'm sleepy.
Weird word.
heh
ok.
Privy as in having an interest in. I used that semi-right but that's usually reserved for people rather than objects.
And I note that's a law definition.
ah, okay.
Anyway... that kind of problem will be likely to continue if he doesn't fix his sleeping schedule.
yeah. it's fucked.
I had a similar issue with my ex, except for the fact that there was no real schedule to it at all.
yep, seems like he's avoiding his problems by sleeping 
i had a slacker ex.
glad he's an ex
Depression, maybe?
but we were never serious, because i would have gone mad
i assume so.
Don't we all have a slacker ex?
lol
ive always dated wealthy guys even if i didnt know it 
I think everyone dates a slacker at some point.
i actually just gave my slacker ex some advice on freelancing rates, he's doing well now :)
secret wealthy guys Amelia ? excellent
Me too, zom. Rich guys can be slackers too
i mean sometimes id find out after knowing them for a long time 
im not some weird gold digger haha 
understandably
hahaha
no, for sure. if I were really rich, I'd keep that on the downlow.
I think most people would unless they were raised with the mentality that their money is their only redeeming quality.
so many people on RPW talking about how rich they are
Mmm. Spice.
well done, now go back to being quiet 
My most successful relationship has been with my husband (duh) who had the most similar upbringing to me (poor single mother)
you sound silly.
yep, i was seeing this guy for a while and one day he casually let it drop that he was the heir to a massive US chain store 
nice.
Yessssss
lol That's a random thing to casually drop, though.
I come from money, but very down to earth. Huscat comes from church-mouse poor pastor family.
yeah, probably nothing casually about it lol
but it works because we have sensible and compatible ideas about money.
That's what's important
(even if i think spending money on lasering my legs is a good idea and he doesn't)
It's an investment
Show him how much you'll save in waxing and razors!
i grew up pretty solidly UMC but i wasnt spoiled 
that's my logic. but he's right, it's not a necessary expense, so i'll pay for it out of my beer money.
haha thats what i told my fiance! i go through so many damn razors 
Fair
(we budget a certain amount of free-for-all money each week, he buys brewing equipment, i buy dresses)
my hair is gentle on razors so there's no huge expense to be realistic.
My husband just started brewing his first batch of beer
yay!
from scratch or from a mix?
No idea. His brother was his kitchen minion for this project
hehe
was there a giant pot on the stove full of grains?
yeah
oh, cool. so full-mash brewing?
(they made a huge mess!) the kitchen is so clean now!
I don't know
brewing beer sounds so fun even though i dont really even like beer 
get into it! It's interesting, and i know huscat appreciates me having enough knowledge that he can talk to me about it.
It's in the closet fermenting 
i hate beer though, but i'm trying to get more into it so i can talk more intelligently about the tastes.
I can pick up enough information from conversations with him to keep up lol
get more ;)
lol people talk about IPAs and hops and my eyes glaze over 
But at the end of the day, beer talk is a job for me so kind of boring 
oh, true, you tend bar right?
yeah
But I'm not much of a drinker
nvm then :)
I'm a good listener XD
what kind of bar do you work at? 
It's a family place, like a quirky diner 
Breakfast lunch dinner and a bar haha
that must be interesting 
The cat sitting in my lap is more interesting
But she thinks she's the most interesting thing in the world
HULABUTT?
Yusss
duh, all cats are
 This is how the chat dies 
Great
lol
And you're all going to just go to the other one 
Motherfucker
has anyone here made homemade oreos before? kittenkajira?
http://www.momables.com/homemade-oreos-recipe/ this recipe looks great and i have all the ingredients so im thinking this is tomorrows project
I haven't but I have a cookbook with a recipe for that Camille 
for the longest time when the chat died in here I just thought everyone was in RPW
well, the womenfolk anyway
I was looking at that since it was the first one in google lol
OMG rpw is sooooo boring
looks great!
They talk about food 
haha
AtlasB: that new chat has been dead for three hours
Constantly
we finally have a full pantry of alternative flours so ive been enjoying making all the foods i thought i was never going to eat again
Oh really?
Lol
You have nothing to worry about
actually, every time I was there
gluten free products purchased in stores can be so hit or miss
it was recipes lol 
Now I'm going to think there's a party in there every time it's quiet here
hey cathy_catherine :) 
All the dullards are there
The personality challenged
lol atlas, ikr
No offense y'all
How can women talk about food nonstop
Its like chimp grooming 
But the regulars there never contribute here
Amelia i feel like i already said this but congratts on the engagement
it always seemed so very polite
Hey camille :) 
Oh ueh it's nice
church social 
I talk about makeup sometimes 
Or never in a real way
thansk Camille! im so excited 
Oo Congrats!
Everyone is actually probably busy
Are there any movies worth watching
That are newer 
Yay Amelia!
Lonny
I'm happy I actually saw two
Very excited for you!
I was on it already
my brother liked whiplash. and it's popular on reddit
i thought it was all right
Camille can you eat flax?  I found a recipe for making flax meal crackers
We have mad Max on dvr but o know my h won't watch it
Have you seen Prisoners?
The from movie?
by my enthusiasm doesn't live up to hype
Drum
thanks! i knew it was coming soon but it was still so amazing 
Whiplash is about drumming yes
With gyllenhaal lonny?
It was a theatrical experience, mad max
Yes
I heard
Bad things 
My mom said the characters had no real human motivation 
sicario from 2015 was good (by the same director) but not as good
.context
yeah i know your husband doesn't like waif-fighters
And got snubbed a bit at the oscars
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/YxPshQ4T/
AtlasB what happened?
she thought everyone left her
just checked kittenkajira and yes i can have flax
charlize theron does remotely plausible "tough women" though
for the breakfast club
apparently you can make breads with it which is awesome
in the other chat
I think anyone who does not get the motivation of characters in Prisoners does not understand serial killers
those oreos look good 
still on the skinnier side, but she's enough for suspension of disbelief
she's the woman who transformed for the role of Monster, after all
And there is also a lack of understanding of how shoddy some police work is in actual serial killer crime if they hate that element of Prisoners
rite?
i will let you know how they turn out!
lol, a rpw style feild report!
There is only one moment in Mad Max that is feminist garbage
Well....
I still want to see it
Arguably
haha 
https://elanaspantry.com/dark-rye-bread/ this doesnt even need yeast so i definitely will give it a shot
Even if its to hate it 
I'm sick of being out of the know
It was really good
And pretty
And non-stop action done right
Camille: You mix two cups ground flaxseeds with a cup of water, add whatever herbs and spices you want.  Spread the dough thinly on a parchment or silicone-lined baking sheet.  Score the dough into 32 crackers and bake at 400 for about 20 minutes.
Though the motivation of the moral...crux of the movie is leftist
If you look at it right
I was listening to a radix podcast
Maybe I shoukd dl it
Where the guy saw it once and saw the femme stuff
Then saw it again and loved it
mmm that sounds delicious thank you!
I'm going to try not to look for it
Because an argument can be made both ways
Flax is really healthy - it can lower blood pressure and prevent/stop the spread of prostate and breast cancer.
Is gone girl good?
I seriously believe it is very possible George Miller saw femtard backlash
And hired that feminist to appease the yards
Tards*
awesome
Gone Girl is entertaining
okay ill stop spamming recipes but i found a good one for bagels that is low carb and has a good amount of protein 
https://elanaspantry.com/paleo-mini-bagels/ gluten free of course
I read the book first so critiquing it is beyond my ability to type
But it was a really good adaptation
Best if you know nothing about it, going in
Funny most Ppl don't want spoilers 
They suck
I can only get witz to watch a film
I try to avoid trailers these days
If I tell her a lot about it 
ooh i love bagels 
I like how it uses a mini doughnut pan!  How cute!
Witz didn't even know Steve Urkel (though I give her an age pass on that)
She never knows celebs
She likes the woods
<@AtlasB> If I tell her a lot about it 
one of my friends used to be like that
she wanted me to tell her everything, pretty much scene by scene
She had me recap the entire Flowers in the Attic series........the books
Some people are sick and twisted
to see if it was worth reading 
Like ol' witz
lol, I always felt weird because I hate spoilers 
Did spoilers RUIN ex machina
but then, there are people who read the last page of every book first so...
Looking at Ava
Yup
Haha
Lol flowers in the attic!
"Not the sister!!"
My sister was obsessed with those books back in the day
I thought the movie they made of that did a good job
And would tell me about the,
Them*
My sweet audrina
In depth
Remember that 
And I was like "lol okay"
Girls read porn lol
have you bothered with the remake?
I was in elementary school
yeah they are cute!
Of course not
I was like "lol that is crazy"
It is crazy
Incest pron
Yeah
I remember that really well
I don't remember my childhood very Wel
But I remember the hours she would tell me about flowers in the attic
Let me see, regarding good movies you may not have seen Atlas
I dunno what you can handle
Inherent Vice?
Atlas, part of the thing about Mad Max is that it is a return to big action blockbusters getting rid of plot
And focusing on themes
And mostly just being fun
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/440ej9/me_23f_pregnant_with_first_baby_just_puked/
ok... this is just a little bit funny
"He had tears in his eyes and I asked me how I could do it with him if I was that grossed out and to be please be honest because he didn't want to make me sick. "
this is unreasonably amusing 
wait.....is he actually upset with HER?
ooh, nvm
he's taking it personally
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/d5uoKcDh/ramen.gif
mmm. this is the third time I've had this ramen for dinner this week and it's so good
also less than 400 calories for a ton of food ^^
is that an egg?
and cheese of some sort?
or tofu blocks?
poached egg and tofu
and bok choi cabbage, corn, miso
bok choi is awesome
man this is making me want some hot & sour soup
I ate so much of its in december
or, any kind of soup really
mostly as salad
I've been on a huge cabbage and miso kick lately
I dont know if I like miso soup
I'd need to tyry it some time
reddit is down
;_;
http://www.bustle.com/articles/137282-7-hacks-for-looking-like-you-showered-when-you-actually-didnt
"7 Hacks For Looking Like You Showered When You Actually Didn't"
ahem
"Seriously, these helpful hacks are perfect for when you need to look pull-together, but don't necessarily have the time to do so.
Faking a shower isn't as easy as you may think. While a shower is a one-step process, faking it is not."
if you're so dirty that you can visibly or olfactorily tell, JUST FUCKING SHOWER
I'm sorry, is there some new fear of water I don't know about? 
are we all in Flint now?
HOW is any of this faster than a quick shower/
lol
seven steps...all to avoid one. wow
and when it was winter in norcal, I sometimes skipped a day to shower
but I wasn't sweating so I didn't have to do this shit
you're either clean or you need a shower -_-
this is getting out of hand though
right
like the story you just linked 
and the one the day before that...and the three the other day
why are people so fucking gross?
let's sponsor a study
I'm more concerned with the fact people are so gross and still trying to bang it out
how many more blowjobs men who shower get compared to their nasty counterparts
hahaha
but to have to be TOLD you smell and then someone has to like..bargain and compromise with you. yikes
my ego doesn't allow for that
plus I imagine it makes these girls feel like their mother
how sexy is that?
YES! so true
and I love the way guys smell
but not after a couple weeks...
right. you don't have to smell like soap and roses
but... I don't want to gag if I get near you
tfw people take the term "caveman sex" too literally
lolol
https://www.facebook.com/rapperlatruth/videos/10153554846402881/
lol
dragoness make reddit come back :(
I know. I watching the news
LOOK WHAT I'VE BECOME!
wow, someone forgot to claim (or lost, w/e) a lottery ticket and they're about to lose $63M tomorrow 
if you bought a ticket worth $63 million, and you have to someone as a present, would you be upset?
wait what?
gave*
Architect: I'd ever buy someone a lottery ticket for that reason :3
gave it
oh hell yes
i know a lot of people who give people lottery tickets as gifts
they might have to die
in cards and what not
yeah, people were giving a lot of scratchers but..
you're not getting a quick pick out of me
send me lottery tickets guys
I'm going through withdrawals
aww
from what?
no lotto for you
Architect: from scratch cards
no gambling in hawaii
lol, you actually play scratch lottos?
that's such an old asian lady thing to do
lol, or an old black lady
or old white lady
just old really
lol
Architect did you follow the Serial podcast?
the Serial podcast? No...I heard that someplace...
wasn't that the first seriously big podcast/
?
yeah
season 2 is awful though
what's it about again?
Adnan Syed
high school sr supposedly killed his ex 20yrs ago
wait
this podcast is about unsolved murders and stuff right?
yeah
Architect> lol, you actually play scratch lottos?
yeah they're fun
I'm going to admit
I won $30 once
MaM is making me wanna go like...watch courts now
spectate
lol
REDDIT IS BACK
oh thank god
madscilove: i have never won anything on scratch cards. I think $10 once
that'sit
I won stuff a lot from scratch cards
i actually know a guy who won couple tens of thousands
off a scratch card
hey
I just won $3
does...does that count?
he is a gigantic obese middle eastern guy with special needs/mental retardation
well, that's putting it harshly, he's just really not that smart, and has learning disabilities and such
his family stole it all from him
aww
yea, so he is in poverty, won the lottery, and is now probably even worse poverty
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/N42eFc92/.jpg
sweet, reddit comes back, I win money
lol, flash noob
u guys are good luck charms 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/44445l/if_a_man_puts_a_girl_in_the_fzone_does_it_make/cznbujg
im the reverse of a beta bux
keep talking while I book a light to vegas
i make you win money
I just know some bloop is going to get on me
haha arch
women can have FWBs blah blah blah
idc
excellent post
a++
she sure is and she's right here
haha 
dragoness> sweet, reddit comes back, I win money
we're your good luck charm
took the words right out of my mouth......
better hide that scratchy or that's not all irc is going to take
I was gonna say more but then reddit went down, blah blah
if you catch my drift...
$3 american dollars is like...$50 CAD right now
ill steal it
...
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/44445l/if_a_man_puts_a_girl_in_the_fzone_does_it_make/cznbv7u?context=3
it actually has fuck all to do with respecting women. 
I've also told my friends that htese guys they're seeing are assholes
...but they're usually also actively being assholes
every single one
wait
what
look, the thing is, I always wouldn't
a guy putting a girl in the fuckzone = he's an asshole?
but pakleader's example is pretty damn extreme
no, no one thinks that architect
no one in that thread even
I think it's messed up tbh
but I'm saying many guys who are alpha/game-y enough to fuckzone girls regularly are also assholes
oh, yea, I'd agree
I think I told that girl last night pretty much the same thing
so when my friend tells me about all the asshole things he does and says to her, I'm like "yeah that guy sounds like a dick. you should probably stop seeing him"
surely it depends on multiple factors, depending on how happy they are in their fuckzoning, she might be fine with it
of course
if she wants a FWB then she has my blessing
full steam ahead!
clearly if the girl wants more and the guy is just stringing her own then he's a fucknozzle
...but usually in my personal experience she's sad because she wants him to be her bf
we're going based on the assumption she's not fine with it meeb but she also knows the deal
and it's never going to happen
but the top level question does fuckzoning a girl == is an asshole
the answer is no
also... on a side note
madscilove> so when my friend tells me about all the asshole things he does and says to her, I'm like "yeah that guy sounds like a dick. you should probably stop seeing him"
there's probably a 75% overlap or something between guys that fuckzone girls and assholes
they never listen. ever. ever ever.
but it's not 100% is it
"one where the guy slept with her for months to years, and they would not technically be in a relationship. They would do relationship things, like go to festivals, go on dates, travel together, cook together, etc. "
meeb that sounds like a good estimate
that's a bit too deep for me man
nah, she knows what's up. 
now if you have an FWB for years and you're in it like that, one of you has a serious issue 
still wouldn't call him an asshole
that's the sort of FWB relationship that when you break up, they call you their ex girlfriend
tbh, he's an asshole, she's a dumb bitch
like all these *pill questions, the answer is never yes or no and you can't have 'oh X did Y, then he/she/it is a Z' rules that make sense
because you were always their girlfriend
lol
right 
haha
meeb> like all these *pill questions, the answer is never yes or no and you can't have 'oh X did Y, then he/she/it is a Z' rules that make sense
that's why we all talk so much!
but if you know this what's the point
debate 
I like arguing with people
it's fun
every day flocks of new people spam questions like 'are all men that X do Y?' and basically all the debate is 'no'
we're just trying to keep it going till Syria and Russia blow up the world 
yeah, see those types of questions are stupid
oh, also
<madscilove> they never listen. ever. ever ever.
YES!!
that's 90% of PPD when i left
it ebbs and flows
yeah, sometimes there will be actual fresh, insightful discussion
and sometimes it's crap like "post pictures of girls you think are SMV 1-4!"
like, a rash of interesting questions
haha
we're uh...ebbing right now.
a rash sounds about right
i genuinely feel alergic to have the reddit bullshit posted in here
+l
meeb---------
er
half*
not have
meeb+/-
dragoness~~~~~~
you need 'meh don't care' points
WHAT!?
that's a thing?
not you specificall
y
pls say yes
probably not
would be trivial to add though
got my hopes up for nothing, how dare u
maybe it could add one and subtract one karma at the same time, and change the bots text to grey for 5 minutes
that seems confusing 
we need half karma
your response was ambivalent
dragoness~~
meeb++
meeb--
there
haha
OH SHIT I accidentally broke F's glasses
I feel so bad
madscilove~~
he was tickling me and I accidentally headbutted him in the face
you legit broke them?
yeah
like, there was a snap
:(
and one earpiece broke off
how old is F again?
glasses are expensive
28
oh yes
we can just superglue it back
I can see it now
saulder it
solder*
dragoness: two grown adults horseplaying and then we break something?
it's all fun and games until someone loses his glasses
mmhm
who or what is F
seems like a lot of these..."accidents" happen
meeb: my fiance
and why did their parents give them such a silly name
"My [29M] Sumbissive Asian Flower [26F] is physically abusive. We're getting married soon. What do?"
lol. we just use initials for our SOs here
anti-doxxing. I guess we could just make up names
but we really like abbreviations if you haven't noticed :P
which feels weird
yeah, I don't like it either
maybe I'll just make up a name
Frederico
I'm sticking with my on-the-nose nicknames 
nah initials are fine
except they're all probably going to be called 'The Mexican' so this might prove confusing
I have been done with the abbreviations for a long time
in my head he's now called Franois and looks like this https://asaloneasyoucanbe.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/p1120024.jpg
lol
no, he looks like this http://justrussia.ru/e107_images/custom/symbstereo_5.jpg
thats hot
the dead beaver look is so hot right now
and his name is Fadeaushka Putinovich
I actually really pray thats true
and if its not true I hope it becomes true soon
hahaha
Madscientist Putinovich
has a certain draconian ring to it
I'm pictuing a marvel character
https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/43u0w8/i_hate_having_fwb_relationships_it_makes_me_feel/czkx8dh
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4413oq/red_pill_men_in_ltrs_how_do_you_feel_about_your_so/czmo0ug
this is straight sabotage 
"Do less intelligent women not deserve love, or just not love from their intellectual superiors?"
this is actually an interesting idea to me
how so
it seems misguided
oh. the rpw who responded
not AMuseXD's
"smart" is so highly valued in our culture that it would be very interesting to me if we talked more about valuing people for other things
being able to say "yeah, they're not brilliant. but they have x y z traits that make them valuable"
RP guys seem to revel in saying just that
actually, it rings a tiny bit disingenuous 
oh ok
interseting
that's a total reversal of context
what an interesting phrase
I suppose it's interesting to me personally because I always thought "intelligent" was a hard requirement for me, but I ended up with someone different
I actually think women are valued most highly for being genuinely funny
because it's impossibly rare
my favourite silver bracelet is now falling off me
when I see an attractive woman who is actually legit funny im like "wtf is happening right now"
yay weight loss
to be completely honest (and I hope this doesn't come off in a conceited way), F is less "booksmart" than I am. but I realized that I love and respect his generosity, kindness, and devotion. and he's smart in a lot of other ways. 
boo bracelet
I never see that sentiment as being ok
in the general public
what sentiment?
I actually think it's fine
and ok
<Architect> I actually think women are valued most highly for being genuinely funny
was just gonna say
I think most people would be ok with saying your SO is not smart in particular ways but in other ways
maybe it's just the people I know, who'd see it as "dating down" if I said that
thats the highest compliment a guy can pay me
Right, 
I get stupd over it
not just like "you're attractive so i laugh"
but "this person is actually funny"
whenever I've made a guy laugh...like, full on belly laugh its a huge win
its the only compliment I'm comfortable with I think because its not just lip service 
I will say you are a rarely funny woman
<madscilove> I never see that sentiment as being ok
I actually laugh at stuff you write
that was one hell of a typo arch
hah
also, yeah mads. for a woman I think it's like, I can't say shameful to admit that but it has a stigma to it
what typo
yes! dragoness
i never typo
like "oh you think you're better than him" or "why are you dating down"
you have to start listing the 16 other ways he's "handy" or "good with cars" or some shit
yea
right. hell, I did that even here
talking about it anonymously
eh, it's second nature 
I've noticed I find people with poor senses of common sense tiring
!!
like, sheltered people?
there's a girl at work I know who, today, didn't know that Japan was it's a coutnry, she thought it was a city in China, and I was like "..."
well see now..
madscilove: no, just people with like...a bad sense of...logic...in a moment...I dunno
not wordly
that's not lacking common sense. thats just dumb as a brick 
so..sheltered ,kinda
well that's an eg of worldly knowledge
that everyone should know
but I also know an asian girl
who like...
I see worldly knowledge as knowing not to walk with your headphones in both ears in a bad part of town at night
thats real common sense
if you're dumb as shit but you know how not to get mugged in oakland, I can concede that you are street smart
but not smart smart
yea
lol
that's a good example
or like, this girl
who keeps reading click-bait articles
on facebook
about how brocolli is poisonous
and believing them
-_-
and here I was just about to say "on the other hand, most people I've encountered like that tend to be smarter in other ways"
nvm
lol
she has a kid
and she has no idea how to raise a boy
she dresses hi up in little sailor outfits and shit
and we're like "your kid is going to get his lunch money stolen every damn day"
thats disturbing 
and she's like "shut up! He's my angel...he's not going to get bullied!"
and we're like "lolz"
I think my nephew is gonna be bullied
and its not cause his parents dress him up in sailor clothes
its cause he is a naturally soft boy
"When you first meet someone, if you're really into them, you have a defacto exclusive relationship."
noooooo
that is not now that works 
wait who said that?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/441sqb/red_pill_and_mmf_relations/czmvu52
RP!?
if you don't accomodate for poly, it's kind of accurate IMO
RIGHT dragoness?
no way. even when I was in a normal dating pool
yeah no
you can't just assume exclusivity
because you bet your butt the other person is probably slutting around
actually, now that I think about nah
nevermind
thats one of the only times you can't assume or expect it
well, I wouldn't necessarily bet someone is slutting around unless they're a chad, but nevertheless, it's possible someone could get strange between now and your exclusivity talk
a guy at work's been cheating on his girlfriend for a couple weeks before decided he liked her enough to stop
I just assume everyone is slutting around
APALT
lol
one of those "loaded gun" things
I wouldn't say its an automatically assumption that they're for sure screwing around early on for ME personally
but I'm 100% aware of the possibility 
I just find it strange
this whole
"non-exclusive dating thing
once i got surprised with "oh hey by the way I got a girl pregnant in another state and she's having a baby" on a second date
?
haha
bye
sorry, chat froze!
anyway, I just mean... I assume everyone is a fuckup
until I know otherwise. I've had terrible dating luck
lol
glad the equipment's working though bro, 
what did you mean susandeath?
I find it weird
especially from people who go
poly
NEVER IN HELL
but then will date and sleep around with more than one person
it doesnt seem all that different to me
until tyhere is a discussion about exclusivity
its odd
dating multiple people isn't the same as LTR'ing multiple people
I think its a contradictory mindset
ok
arch ty
I think those people see the non-exclusive dating like trial runs
I am not saying there is anything wrong with it
to test for compatibility
or they shouldnt do it
its just odd
it usually doesn't go on for a long time
to nme
*me
okay, see...
if they find the right person
that reminds of this whole "my few of 20yrs" bullshit then
*my fwb
listening to madscilove and susandeath try to figure out non-poly's is like my second favourite moment of IRC
I assume commitment is more "expensive" for monogamous people (they have to give up sex and love with everyone else forever!) so they want to vet veeeery carefully before promising that
I'm not sure if I'm right. mono people?
haha
I suppose mads
Architect++
Architect++
it's about emotions
yeah, that's it
mads
that you guys don't have
owning something
maybe thats why I only dated one at a time before I was poly
to make sure I didnt go off "cheating"
cause I am sure if I did the non-exclusive dating thing
as a mono person
I'd just fall in love with every one
yes!
it wouldnt go down well
lol
I'm still odd about having friends these days. I'm not sure how close I'm allowed to get to people 
now that "emotional cheating" is a thing
loool
i don't get "dating" anyway
war brides for everyone?
.quote add  <Architect> listening to madscilove and susandeath try to figure out non-poly's is like my second favourite moment of IRC
isn't madsci non-poly right now?
mostly
I still don't understand monogamy though
yeah, she just has one side chick now
I get "don't fuck other people". that one is easy to figure out. 
what's confusing about it?
i do understand it actually
but the emotional stuff is hard
I don't get where the line is
lol, how so
just don't fall in love with other people
and act on it
ok, "don't act on it"... what does that mean?
t's more like
well
now we're back to "don't fuck people"
don't kiss them
women consider emotional cheating to be worse
don't fuck them
lol
well, falling in love is a very conscious thing 
oh. right. don't touch them. I can do that
men think sexual cheating is worse
there are steps and checkpoints 
basically, your SO is expected to be your best friend
and sexual partner
all others are different kinds of friends
not necessarily best friend
that is weird to me. that you can only have certain depths of friendships
yeah
i think in many relationships SOs are not best friends
which puzzles me personally, since i actually would like that
I don't think you need to be
but maybe im delusional
J is my best friend
<madscilove> that is weird to me. that you can only have certain depths of friendships
i think most people, by virtue of attraction, would lead two people to be best friends
well you can have deep friendships
I think the only scenario in which your SO wouldn't be your best friend is if your relationship is more "political" or "socially machiavellian"
like, you're the cheerleader
he's the football player
I don't think F is my best friend
but I think there's a point where you can feel like friendly feeling turning toward romantic love mads
I enjoy his company, but we have basically 0 in common.
i think lots of men wouldn not like their women to have "deep friendships" with guys
are you guys keeping in mind you can have more than 1 best friedn?
which is where people run into trouble
tf is  it lagging!
dragoness> but I think there's a point where you can feel like friendly feeling turning toward romantic love mads
hmmm
i guess now that i think about it
if you're not used to just knowing where the line is between friend and lover
it is complicated
hmm
Architect> if you're not used to just knowing where the line is between friend and lover
okay yeah, I can see that
that's exactly it
lovers are just friends that I have sex with
lol
so we're back to "don't have sex with people"
but there's other stuff there too
and that's complicated
I'm going to have to conclude some people are completely not built for mono
yep
some are not like J
maybe spergs dont see the difference :P
I think I would be okay
but J he would not
and this is why I consult my lovely mono friends for advice!
he likes to say he would
but he definitely likes having more than one partner
yea i guess i'd hae to heard a situation
and be like "stop doing that"
I guess there's no like...sentence you can sum it up with
yeah
lol
dammit irc stop freezing
for real, I couldn't tell if it was frozen or silent
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/442tf3/so_now_its_incredibly_condescending_to_tell_women/
it's silent doof
americans gonna eat and drink themselves into extinction
cause you cant tell them to be healthy
"I do agree that pregnant women shouldn't drink tho. Fetal alcohol syndrom is fucked up."
FAS is fucked up, but a little bit of alcohol during pregnancy isn't going to hurt anything
Is this still the main topic
your face was the main topic
but then you showed up
#owned
right mads
Maybe buartha could confirm or deny my experiences but I unintentionally drank with pregnant aunts
It's like, really kind of accepted
isn't the line between friend and a lover pretty obvious
no, the CDC is crazy
I'm not sure if it's Ireland
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/442tf3/so_now_its_incredibly_condescending_to_tell_women/czn156e
like sexual tension, for example
filozof: no, not to me
Or just my fucked up fam
I have sexual tension with most of my friends
especially atlas, i presume
nah, not atlas
..
she's like the mama bear of chat
I just really like people. I hang out with people who fascinate and captivate and inspire me
the only quantifiable difference I can see between that and a relationship is sex
*talking about deep friendships with a lot of love in them, not acquaintances
I think it's easy to develop a view like that because I've never had to pick just one person and put them in the "lover" box before
it could be anyone and everyone
if they were down for it too
it's part of why I've had so few platonic friendships and so many relationships. 
I avoid all these issues by simply not connecting with anyone at all
yay!
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4425o8/if_you_believe_misogyny_is_a_powerful_force_in/
wat?

LOL dragoness. unfortunately, that's kind of been my way of coping with monogamy
misogyny is a mental illness
wat wat wat
so I am in that boat with you!
partay
lol


there ya go
something for everyone
okay...
maybe that chart was right
I think I'm attracted to the wrong kinds of guys
What chart
.tell DG69 mbtichart
oh, my bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vk2udkCEUC0
Interesting I'm intp
The results are....inconclusive
We might love anyone
We might hate you
i get along with everyone
But you're probs aiite
except STJ's apparently
you would be drok's ideal partner
and mine
and a lot of I's
what's your type mads
entj
same as drok
Omg
i think people here concluded i'm INTP
lies
.mbti
she left my club
i had her first
ENFJ4LYF
now it's bedtime
madscilove: this is why I voted you hottest
night

bye architect!
Night arch
can confirm, dg thinks you're the hottest
night laydeez
entj's other ideal match is infp
oh
before i leave
filozof I'm intp too
i saw another picture of madscilove 
and my mental image changed again
lol. where?
for the 4th time
HAH
I'm a chameleon yo
what's the verdict now?
asian or white
asian
lol, you're an asian who looks white actually
i personally think i would prefer to be with someone of similar type
you look hawaiian
not asian
it's weird
not the opposite like TGP
No offense to women, but we suck at ranking women if madscilove wasn't top 1
Imo
also, you skinny
lol
who, me?
yes
it was almost universally agreed that blushing was #1
that pic of her was better than any of the others i saw
filozof what do you mean, is tgp with someone way different?
it never occurred to me that mads is anything but asian
and she was already up there
which pic? I'm so curious now
from her OKC
link?
it's a shame she sucks
DG69: i think he's entp and his wife is isfj
madscilove: it was a pic of her in a bodycon
nice
those look good on everyone
*everyone who is not obese
not me
lol thanks
*everyone not obese and not male
nice save
i also saw annak
wow
not what i expected
She reminds me of a friend of mine
I can almost picture her bf
i also saw sunhappy that wasn't her shitty laptop camera
with like 5x5 resolution
also better looking than expected
Architect> except STJ's apparently --> this is why we aregue!
oh, yeah anna is a cutie
msot of the chicks in here are smokeshows
wtf
I think sun predicted all the black girls would be at the bottom
And they were all top half I think!
we actually had a massive chunck of women we couldn't place
sunhappy and dragoness were near the top
so nah
the black women did well actually
They did
the skinny white girls got the best marks, that's all
blushing, witzie, katniss
Architect> msot of the chicks in here are smokeshows
right why are we doing this with our lives
instead of riding the cc or divorce raping something
lol
or both!
i honestly thought about this
conclusions?
and why any of you are here
because women are crazy
i disagree with planejane's place and witzie's place
but most males were against me
is there an actual list I can see?
I'm so fucking curious
yes
the final list?
oooooh
its weird that you havent seen it
http://pastebin.com/LeXC6JPA
have you seen the list of males?
no!
I'm so out of the loop
mads....
all this time
it was taken down
apparently griddy was angry she was so low
lol
thats the wrong list
AtlasB wanted to be off
and witzie, which is ridiculous
so what? she's not off
wtf I'm not hotter than DG69
please dont show the list with Atlas on it
you guys are odd
she doesn't have to see it if she doesn't
she asked specifically not to be on it
lets be decent
well pinging her was not a good idea then
lol
exactly
just amend the pastebin before showing anyone again
really
its not that hard
and not doing that is just a dick move
its unnecessary
the middle was the hardest in my opinion
how do you save it?
some guys wanted mads lower, etc.
there was little doubt as to the top 4
and the bottom
LOL I had not seen the Atlas list
we agreed on that quickly
1:21 AM <madscilove> wtf I'm not hotter than DG69
WTF
I missed an epic rating convo
LOL
I literally thought madscilove would be way higher
I'm dying
Like, #1
No offense to dragoness or anyone

But I thought you would be way above us all
im not sure i can comment on that
Lol
clearly, you're not good at judging women :P
oh
this list is not the final list even
a bunch of people are int her wrong place
i saved the wrong one
Sorry if you weren't ready to know how much I love you madscilove 
anyways,i can't save the edits of this pastebin
<DG69> No offense to dragoness or anyone
pftt
none taken. 
she's a beautiful mermaid who can be on top of me anyday
its like the list we made of the guys
I dont agree with all the placings
but attractiveness is subjective
none of the lists should be taken seriously
I agree
I wonder how much RMV came into question during the rating
Ok seriously they were so dumb
susandeath and I agreed
We didn't want ours traded
Lonny I dont know about the guys
but us wommenz
it didnt Lonny_Z
we just argued a bit
and placed guysin a list
If personality mattered the list would be very different 
I think it took like 20 minutes in total
Blushing would NOT be #1 for me lol
I believe the guys were doing whole mathematical calculations
it took forever!
pretty much
She wouldn't be for anyone
Lol
also we did pure looks
it took 6hrs dude
aint enough looks in teh world
I was like, they're doing legit math rn
I heard the girls were bullshitting half their list
Lol
dragoness> she's a beautiful mermaid who can be on top of me anyday
even for my boner's sake there is SOME aspect of personality etc. thats important
lol DG69, ikr
you guys
my ego is going to become godzilla and destroy manhattan
haha
but ily too
damn, where was that one pic
Omg let's all rank each other personally, then we'll all stop fighting forever
...........
do you want to start ww3
No
If personality mattered, madscilove ego would have dropped her to #19
For real yo
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Nou0j6bp/o.37125.jpg
;-*
Lool
you know you love it
ah yes, there we go
She's my number 1
that was the boys chat
Idc
it took so long partially because we waited for others to chime in
we kinda went by consensus
not all willy nilly
women just went by their feels
Yea, we didn't just be like "that guys hot...you don't need a pic of him just trust me"
Like girls did
they didnt take care to make the list accurate
like the fact that btl was #1
wtf
awalt: all women are list trolls
Moneymoneymoneymoneymoneymoney
haha
pretty sure it was sympathy list
sms+++
oops
What
XD
lol
SMS++
YES I CAN
It's more like women aren't democratic
Because my votes didn't count
well it was a small group so there was no need for a greater hierarchy
.msg #purplepilldebate say dont be a karma whore SMS
for the guys
learn to be case insenstive mr. bot
We had more guys to judge
DG69 I think it was a mishmash going on
Than you had girls
By like 6
also, women's tastes vary much more than men
True
and yet...
i'm very certain the women's rankings also were affected by their relationship to the guy
lol
Do you think SMS
Are you literally protopill, SMS ?
with SP in the top spot?
Who else
Was affected
haha
can I see the list of boys?
yeah it could be SMS
SP dG69
Oh well fucking Duh
madscilove: http://i.imgur.com/WeAFO99.png
dont ask me why the hell women submitted a PICTURE for a list
Witzie sorry but that is your list
That people edited
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/0kOkr8ch/
Not the way I would've ran a ranking
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/0kOkr8ch/
Lol
yeah witzie pretty much did it
wow. I don't agree with that last
*list
lol
I have only seen half the people on the male list
unless you said a LOT
that a guy needed to be higher
but yeah, SP should totally be top on the list
But that just shows how serious we were taking it I guess
he is a good looking fellow
you dont agree with wazzup at the bottom?
I like to think it's not serous at all
I wanna see individual women's lists
I wasnt serious
no Architect
 I wanted to rate TGP as minus 20
no you don't
Architect: now THAT is how you start blood feuds
cause of his skinny jeans!
No architect I suggested that
i cant do skinny jeans i've seriously tried
thank GOD!
skinny jeans are awesome
but you know, i have balls, and i need to put them somewhere
they're so sexy
men should not wear skinny jeans!!!!
ever
We should all make numerical judgments
instant minus 20 to hotness
DG69
thats how you start a flame waR
i may want to have children someday and skinny jeans will precent that
In various categories lol
but I will say NO ONE look ssexy trying to take skinny jeans off
we need no rankings
madscilove: disagree
you look ridiculous and like a stork trying to take them of
*off
Ok susandeath is right
they get cuaght on the ankles!
but you have to go slow
and then you have to wrestle them
In all honesty we should've known they were such the worst idea
no then you make the guy take them off when they're at your ankles
<Architect> I wanna see individual women's lists
lol mine is short as all hell
"me myself & I"
why DG69?
wait, probably should add "no pun intended" 
we should have DG
the DG list lol
when did you guys make these?
Because of feelings RedManBearPig 
lol it was like 6am your time Tuesday mads
lol
oh man, people can't take that blow?
are some that sad
You weren't at the bottom
hey someone on the internet is prettier than me
and that's just unacceptable
but yeah if you're at the bottom you're going to feel a bit different
he was kinda
I expected it
heheh
and you might feel that arguing your way up the list affects you IRL
I knew I wasn't going to be top five
oh we fought hard for you though babe
yes we did
Lol
lol
#teamRMBP
people were hating on my beard
I get that
some of us think your beard is an asset
beards are great
see 
gotta beard condition it
I feel like we agree that women's tastes vary so much
...as long as they don't scartch me
if we had had mads
maybe we could have argued harder
if you use beard conditioner
DG69++
then no scratchy
It would've been cool to do a realer ranking system
i dont think the lists were such a bad idea
do you have gauged ears too RMBP?
its interesting to see where you are placed
don't remember
yeah but it would help to have accurate lists then lol
NO god no
THat's for faggots
I didn't know what RedManBearPig looked like til recently for ex
The guys had like a database
We need to get organized
a database?
up that girl game
we have all your nudes madscilove
ALL of them
I'm getting tats though, might consider ear-piercing but really
gauges are for annoying hipsters
psh. jokes on you, no one has nudes of me :D
not even you? D:
with no future perspective
RedManBearPig: nice. tattoos>gauges
SMS: not even me
there are literally no naked photos of me in existance
...thats what you think
RedManBearPig is like, slightly hotter than you imagine
Given his dumb name
<RedManBearPig> I'm getting tats though
....go on
Lower right arm, both upper arms, my chest or back
keep going
is nadya ranked so low just because everyone hates her?
lol
I know my neam is dumb DG69, I just needed a stupid name for checking pillosphere on reddit
its funny, I never really saw her
she's not super hot, but she's cute enough
That's it for now dragoness ;)
dammit!
I was almost there
um..I mean
ha
happens every goddamn time
I was joking RedManBearPig lol, I was actually very pleasantly surprised anyway lol
Can't lie
Nadya's placement on the list made me wonder if RMV was considered
And you haven't seen me fully groomed yet
no lonny
I don't know why she was on there anyhow
I was there, sorta, during the process
RedManBearPig: I want to be upfront about this. Where can I see you fully groomed?
seconded 
lol
or, just leak them to me if you get them before 
I'll make a picture for you guys this weekend or so
the fuck
is he gonna draw a self portrait? 
For serious
yes
mads, look!
i only saw rmbg with his huge beard
Wtf is this shit
at another hot artsy type
We live in America
well..
surprisingly enough I could have gone to art-school if I had put in the effort
madscilove: nadya is ranked low because
she cray cray?
while she has some girl game/fashion sense/heels
she needs it if you look carefully at the photos
but when I was done with high school I really saw no future in art
yeah, I noticed that too SMS
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4403sh/its_okay_if_a_hot_guy_does_it_but_when_i_do_it_im/czmim49
she badly needs some undereye concealer
those dark circles!
how does Xemnas not know that you dont smile at strangers in the UK
unless you want to creep them out
he lives there
lol
we didn't rank on RMV etc. AFAIK, at least IMHO
I only visted once and I could see it right after
so many acronyms 
I smiled at everyone anyway
wait where is the women's list?
IKR
oh jesus fucking christ 
but that was because I was trying to creep out people 
SMS++
madscilove> she badly needs some undereye concealer ---> is this a thing?
oooh
I want some
yep, it's a thing!
you can just use regular concealer too
makes me look less like the dead at 4:30am
http://ktla.com/2016/02/02/virgin-america-announces-new-direct-flights-to-hawaii-from-lax-starting-at-169/
so, good news, mads!
prep the futon
woot woot!
damn only $169
ikr
madscilove I tried my regular concealer, it just makes me look like I got punched 2 weeks ago rather than yesterday
I must get me some under eye concealer
if you're having stuff still show through your concealer (and it's a decently full coverage concealer), you might want to look into color correcting products 
if your dark circles are kind of blueish or purplish, some salmon or orange color corrector will help cancel it out
then you top it with concealer or foundation
to get rid of the odd color
Sorry but I don't accept beauty tips from anyone lower than dragoness 
Sorry dumb joke
I'm leaving now
hahaha
lolol
get out
https://www.reddit.com/r/LosAngeles/comments/442inl/good_night_life_around_lax/czn2o6w
its not worth reading the comments really
but people here are really stupid and unhelpful
" You can also drop into Bristol Farms right there"
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/44445l/if_a_man_puts_a_girl_in_the_fzone_does_it_make/czne0ic?context=3
Bristol Farms is a grocery store fyi
why is this person telling me this
"it's ridiculous how little mercy society has for a guy being used for his time, compared with a girl being used for her pussy."
I don't have sympathy for any of you!
its comments like those that send me into illogical, roundabout arguments 
because my go to reply is point blank "I don't see what this has to do with anything I said"
I'm just going to go and tell him that I have no sympathy for anyone
right
That's my conclusion too...
he wasn't referring to you
he said society has little sympathy
yes, but it was irrelevant 
mads you the best
like the guy who brought up homelessness in the incel thread
lol
socially awkward guys are going to be the death of me
before any Chad can alpha widow me I'll have blown my brains out in frustration. twice 
it's not irrelevant
why can't we talk about the unjust treatment of certain people by society
it is entirely irrelevant to the question "is a man an asshole for fuckzoning a girl"
that's like going to a PETA ralley and being like "but what about the muslims?!"
*rally
haha
that's exactly what its like
I'm going to make a troll account and exlusively do that
lololol
oh god please do
"yes, you're totally right on your assessment of AWALT. but what are we going to do about the sorry state of sex ed in america?"
i hope not, that would be nonsense
equally nonsensical you mean
not really
ok
https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/442e0r/mosquitoes_are_like_dirty_used_needles_that_can/
its funny because its true
talking about society's perception of romantically unfulfilled people is relevant to the judgement of people who put others in their limited zones
no, we were talking about a very specific situation 
it was very clearly outlined in the op
even if it were relevant in a sideways kind of way, he should have made a top-level comment to the OP
instead of replying to me about it
yeah
true, i understand how it seemed unnecessary to you
I mean yes, offshoots/additional info is discussued but..yeah
since it didn't really address anything you've said
*discussed 
it's not a big deal. it' sjust one of these things that I find in my inbox like "wut"
right
exit does that to me a lot
now I just don't bother 
or he'll agree with almost everything but really make the one point of contention super convoluted 
I'm fucking magic
I just was going to ping you
haha you summoned me 
and then walked away
dat dread game 
you just replied to me on reddit right?
yeah
bigging up the WHO
I knew it! 
Fuckzoning and friendzoning is comparable but it is not the same
I can spot you anywhere bb
haha i'm surprised it took you this long 
I thought it was but didnt really bother 
my alts are super fucking obvious 
my next one is "UberBluntDriving"
then got weirded out for making a bad irc joke to some stranger man
i'm dropping the all caps thing 
UberBluntCruising i mean 
I'm just used to pills
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4426st/girlfriend_was_raped_what_do_i_do/
nice
rape her again, establish dominance 
These germans have the strangest thing
THe first day of carnaval is a womans day for no particular reason
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4426st/girlfriend_was_raped_what_do_i_do/czmxwcz
if only a woman could introspect amirite?
lol wtf
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/440pig/the_ass_slap_as_a_shitcomfort_test_destroyer/
I always do this
Just slap that ass
I will sya there is some good advie in that thread
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4426st/girlfriend_was_raped_what_do_i_do/czmyzmm
this is good advice
 <RedManBearPig> Just slap that ass
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4426st/girlfriend_was_raped_what_do_i_do/czn6vwx
this guy
he has some compassion
I mean
none
https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrp/comments/4426st/girlfriend_was_raped_what_do_i_do/cznd4rf
and this guy is a moron
of course the OP has feelinsg about ut
its a very male thing to feel like tyou let your partner down if you couldnt protect her
yeah
Its like the essence of masculinity
the protector thing
and if the OP ignores that
I disagreed with archwinger's "all rape victims are forever traumatized and it never gets easier" thing
also
and doesnt deal with those feelings
it will be bad
heah mads
There is only one solution in my eyes
I also disagreed with him
Kill the guy who did it
hmm
But that is my solution
I think its a bad idea
like killing people is a big thing
and also
maybe you go to jail
and that fucks up your life
Nah
I mean
If I am smart about it I let somebody else do it while he is in jail
my SO deciding to go on a revenge quest would just upset me more, in that scenario
because yeah, jail for one thing
and killing someone
thats a big thing
its totally gonna affect who you are
It's why I am telling you
I don't have to be the guy
I missed that
yeah ok
that would be a better option
get some jailed murderer to shank him for a box of cigarettes
easy enough
also rapist and kid fiddles are usually
already hated
true
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/4433tl/cmv_women_want_men_they_deem_superior_to_regard/
this line in particular
morning
Women need to be able to look up to a man...almost in a paternal manner, for visceral attraction. 
just EW
paternal
gross freudian bullshit
hi Jack
well by gf does like to call my daddy
me*
ew!
haha
it's hot af
Probably also in public
yes
I'm always surprised by how people react to my visceral gut react to rape or kiddie-fiddling
reaction*
Who's listening to some good music right now?
what music you into 
As long you are not listening to screamo you are good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Py71Zyw8mMM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bjgcku27xIk
Necro my man
His first album no less
love me some Necro
dead body disposal is my fav
My favourite is Underground
Dispensation is Life and Death is where i got my old reddit name dispensation from
Nice
Whore is also one of my all time favourites
yessss
Whore is excellent 
"i may not buy you shit but i'll never deny you dick"
Perfect first line
bumping that right now it's stuck in my head
86 measures of game is good too
is it 86?
however many measures of game
hahaha yes
yeah whatever
.karma
http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2016/01/european-queens-waged-more-wars-than-kings.html
ha
fuck you Steven Pinker
in your face!
how does it feel when someone does actual research, bitch
lol
hamstering comment numero uno
"It could just be because the men around them and their countries won't accept leadership by women and so seek to overthrow them triggering wars in response by the women to protect their position...."
http://www.papermag.com/toronto-female-boxing-club-roosh-1585607001.html
yes 
cause threatening physical violence to a group of people who want to meet up
is a reasonable thing to do
and please
calling it a pro-rape rally is jusy ridiculous
a gif we can all appreciate https://gfycat.com/OffbeatSevereAlaskanhusky
Hello
.clones witzie
not enough clones
you've been busy
.clones RedManBearPig
.clones Jack4ss
.clones Jack4ss 
.clones RedManBearPig 
hahaha
r2djack
easily the worst
I have triple your guys clones added together
ok now how do i locate these clones so i can kill them and gain their sweet karma
clone wars. FIGHT!
im having a cheeky lunch time beer
thats very cheeky
Jack4ss****************************************************
;)
this new star system is great
u r a star Jack4ss 
http://i.imgur.com/Wu4Vga3.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m29F4FtVo-U
i love this tune
gets me emotional
lol drok
witzie listen with me
I am
his voice is so deep
man must have big balls
I don't know why that is acceptable
.clones TheXanMan
Good morning 
hello
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/444fto/update_to_ive_29f_just_rejected_a_guy_i_really/
WAIT
some people were grown up
about a siutation that sucked
and their expectations for a relationship
nooo
the internet is gonna shut down!!!
hi
.clones fqtw
hi fqtw
who are you on reddit?
Tempy, do you prefer coffee or tea? :)
i drink both
hi fqtw 
coffee in the morning and tea in the afternoon 
Me too. I would say the time of day is important
Exactly
hi witzie 
who are you?
crisco
all these name changes
yea, all the paranoia
yeah, the teas that i drink are caffeine free or low caffeine 
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/442sjl/me_24f_with_my_best_friend_24_m_his_girlfriend/
fuck this slut
Although, I put a decent amount of cream into my coffee and sugar in my tea, so...
I have a couple friends who drink it black/plain but it's too bitter for me
yeah i love heavy cream in my coffee
:D
lol, why?
I've been to a tea-house a couple times for fancy teas (like peppermint or flower-based), but at home I just use Liption's black tea
"best friends" my ass
hehe
I would never stay with someone who texts their "female best friend" every day
I thought men and women could be friends?!
Have you tried cold brew? It's so rich tasting
:)
bullshit
I bet either Sam loves OP and his gf knows she's second fiddle and is always being compared to OP and sam is pining over OP 
pretty sure she's an art slut
or OP does want Sam and the gf knows that
The first time my mom had mine she swore I put coffee liquor in it.
you're the first liberal I've met who has held this position, lol
If you really want to make sure your friend's relationship works
you dont text every day
you back the fuck off
When in reality it was super cheap store brand haha
seriously susandeath 
she's being disingenuous as fuck
I had a guy best friend for a bit
he started seriously dating another woman
I backed off
No, I havent! I dont think I've heard of that
now I see him at his birthday party and mine
and occasionally we may do a catch upo chat
them
they got married
susandeath++
since he and I were never gonna get married
why be in teh way
Basically you just use the same amount of coffee that you'd use in a regular pot... But let it sit at room temp for two or more days
Then strain out the grinds
yeah, any mention of wanting more time would be blatant attention seeking - away from the gf
It takes all the bitterness out 
the thing is relationships do change
some girls like that, having the ability to draw a man away from his SO
and even friendships have to
I tried some Google-fu and this was the first shopping result: http://www.tekspree.com/oji-style-cold-brew-coffee-maker-black/?gclid=Cj0KEQiAisy1BRD7_YSgpduD2cEBEiQAPR3UuDRVJmXGlC1KtV9cZj8CTQZy4tN1lWOl0knkP2C4aNAaAo2j8P8HAQ
It's super smooth!
why would I want my friendship to cause issues in a relationship that he wants
marriage and kids
while everything seems innocent on the surface, it's a power move
sure do I miss "my buddy"
yes a lot at points
we had a ton of fun
do i have to do mode +x every time i log on?
but really
really waht
Science experiment
.context
here Firion
fqtw are you using quakenet?
Or you can just get an empty gallon ;)
yes
" Your paste has triggered our automatic SPAM detection filter. This happens when certain keywords are detected in a paste. It can also happen if you are creating a lot of pastes in a short period of time. To confirm you are not a bot, please solve the captcha below. PRO users don't get asked to solve captchas."
what is this
its a context thing
so you can see the chat you missed
oh
but i am no rombot
I thought it was pretty crazy looking, but I love it!
*robot!
So I just put the water and grinds together and let it sit?
red pill nightmare: http://pre12.deviantart.net/0ec7/th/pre/i/2016/032/f/e/the_dream_by_elleann-d9q625z.png
That's all
lol
"That said, we are just friends"
we are just frien-- gulp gulp gulp
The grind s will stay at the top, but don't let that stress you. It'll work
I really want to try this now. :]
What are we making ladies?
too cynical?
Cold brew coffee!
I've never heard of it
I do this all the time! It's awesome
at some point you may need to let go of your friends a but
fqtw you can set up to automatically do the +x thing whenever you start up IRC
fqtw
hm
let me make up a meaning for that
frequently question the women
And then my iced coffee isn't watered down as much by ice since the coffee is already cold
fqtw
seems fittings
...maybe coffee ice cubes are the next step for me
*questioning
FirionDarklight: seems not fitting at all
its fitting for the irc
doesnt matter
My friend actually takes the grinds and makes another weaker batch out of it, and uses that for ice cubes 
noone is watching your irl to know the truth anyways
But why not go full force?
you can never be paranoid enough
you dont have too though
we dont even have free speech anymore
you muricans dont
we have blasphemy laws
Exactly 
so when anarchists say we should censor right wingers i am like
ok we should keep blasphemy laws in effect as well
check mate
besides
the pendilum will swing at some point
I use flavored coffee (vanilla cream), will that affect it?
the question is when and how far
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHgCd3B-Um4&feature=youtu.be
ROFL
anarchists, censoring... something fishy about that
these haiarcuts
yeah
you know the drill mashakos
beat up the fascists
we need to cencor speech in order to have free speech
lol
in anticomformity we comform
It'll be fine :)
real anarchists don't get organised
now now
we are getting into the whole "real feminists" sphere again
The first time I did it I was hesitant so I literally did a mug hehe, I just let it sit out
It'll be delivious 
they do
Like delicious, but more devilish 
they just say comrade and pretend that they dont
at least thats how it goes around here
like that announcement
when 3 people died in a bank fire set up by them
FirionDarklight: where do you live?
including a pregrant woman
greece
and they were like
its their fault because on that day there was a strike and they should had been on a strike
(and that was on one of the biggest local sites where various anonymous anarcwhatever make announcements and what not)
to be fair many in the comments section were like "dafaq"
2anarchist4u
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/443l5f/im_8_months_pregnant_and_my_dear_husband_still/
yikes
lol cool. Yes, I will probably just do a mug at first. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/443l5f/im_8_months_pregnant_and_my_dear_husband_still/
yikes
christ he doesn't even have a drivers license 
simulation games make no sense
like
who wants to be a truck driver
he should get a night job - graveyard shift
germans
or a bus driver
lol
xD
hahahahahaha
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/443l5f/im_8_months_pregnant_and_my_dear_husband_still/cznhbz0
even in Russia, mexican women manage to get themselves knocked up stupidly early by the worst quality guys
roflol
there's no escaping it
in mother russia the talk does you!
lmao
it sounds like he's too depressed to get any job
like really
https://uk.gamesplanet.com/game/dig-it-a-digger-simulator-steam-key--2678-1
Become the best digger director in town! A variety of high-powered and realistically modeled professional vehicles i.e. excavator, dump truck, bulldozer, wheel loader A range of scenarios in and around a vibrant city, including a gravel pit, suburb, road construction site, industrial area and even your own property
who plays those stuff
but some comments telling her to break up with him - that's no good, she's 8 months pregnant
see that woman there is, is treating her husband as if he has his shit together
the time to break up with him passed 8 months ago
i hate everyone today 
I hate you too Sunhappy 
in mother russias todays hates everyone
Sunhappy: change your name
Sunmad
 i jsut want my 650 dollars back
:(
oh poor thing
Sunangry
did you donate to a feminist patreon
it doesn't sound like either of them have and sort of gumption
did bill pay. the bank won't reverse it :(
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/443l5f/im_8_months_pregnant_and_my_dear_husband_still/cznhbz0
this is funny
and now it's suddenly a problem
even though i can show in my statement it was a duplicate
even in Russia mexican women manage to get themselves knocked up stupidly early by the worst quality men 
there's no escaping it!
wow
thats disgusting
so what I dont get it
how people dont just go get crappy jobs while they look for better ones
"well ma'am i'm sorry but its currently processing so we can't reverse it. you can call the payees and discuss the matter with them"
I mean if I lost this job
sooooo
the same day
you only pay for the services you use
I would be getting a waitressing job
i'm raging (which means i want to cry )
so that I can support myself while I find a better one
why wait MONTHS
before say
oh well maybe
I'll try macdonalds
i mean fuck
be a grown up
i dont know why people dont get shitty jobs
I mean sure its not the best thing Jack
its like they think they are too good for it
but isnt something better than nothing
you dont have to stay in a shitty job
exactly
I think it says something about your character
as a boss
I would not hire someone who had a huge unemployement gap in their CV
nope
not do it
My mom had me at 21
https://www.facebook.com/ScienceTechPage/videos/814255822029770/
sunhappy what is the bill for?
two credit card payoffs
it just took me 20 minutes to reach an actual person
i'm never using bill pay again
fuck them all
why cant they refund it
what is bill pay?
you paid too much
so there is money left over
whats the problem
LOOK at this lying headline
http://dfw.cbslocal.com/2016/02/03/blogger-cancels-pro-rape-meet-up-over-safety-concerns/
"pro rape blogger"
I know right
it's weird how you can know there's a problem
and go lalalalala
cbs
https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/439xuh/true_cost_of_raising_a_child_245340_national/
cuck bullshit site
until it turns into an emergency
It's not THAT young, but it's still young =/
http://www.papermag.com/toronto-female-boxing-club-roosh-1585607001.html
child support is so overblown
and THEN freak out
look at this one AtlasB
lol
looking
fagnada
he cancelled all the meetups?
apparently
but also
they were calling it a "pro-rape rally"
and encouraging violience
it was a swiftian satire
cant you sue for that
or sth
that woman's boxing team should be charged for inciting violence
damn bot
you slow thing
lol
yeah
right susan
holding women accountable for their actions in canada
are you insane
;p
that's a boxing club. not a team. there's no way that many women compete
apparently
yeah fiat, probably
my college team had the largest number of competitors in the entire US at the time. a grand total of 5 women. lol
i don't remember any team bigger
The world is moving against us. Ive gotten reports of over a dozen organized protests at our meeting points. Dozens more are being organized privately. Since this meetup was never intended as a confrontation with unattractive women and their enablers, 
how would yall describe roosh?
lol unattractive women and their enablers
"the photos of us will show women that being powerful is an option"
yeah right
only when your opponents are women
sunhappy in appearance?
no, just if i had to summarize him and what he does
Typical rapey mooslem
lol
Should be banned
to someone else
Along with all his compatriots
what woudl you say his "shtick" is ?
lol witzie
its annoying how everything he says gets taken out of context
he's just a blogger with theories
http://www.rooshv.com/youre-either-a-globalist-or-a-nationalist
everyone needs to stop treating him like satan
hes grown up from pickup to a rhetoric an dmentoring phase
hes supposed to have a sun to lecture
son*
instead hes lecturing the world
are most RP thought leaders bachelors?
not bachlors
but not fathers?
rollo is a father
and still married i think
fuck this. i'm talking to a supervisor
I wonder if he's a gamer :|
he even had some post on red pill parenting
Red pill parenting: Assert dominance over your daughter
and i mean RP, not TRP or MRP
i think it mostly focused on raising sons 
and most RPW blogs seem shady. i don't trust them
except maybe Tempys
probably with not going to bed until morning
does roosh even get laid
raising daughters is more easy. just make sure she doesnt suck every erect dick
th erpw blogs that were good died
omfg
my h yesterday said
Yep my exact thought
what did he say
"i wouldnt want to be the father of a daughter always worried about trying to keep men from fucking her, i want to be the father of a son and tell him 'go out and fuck everyonessss daughter"
lol
something like that
indeed
he's right! lol
so he wants a son
and not a daughter
Chad Mac Chad
the daughterfucker
heres a genteel RPW arguing with wombat lololz
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/43pnzm/in_this_situation_would_you_believe_your_so/czjxwgm
Stupidity abounds
we are all such precious prissy angels
fuck BoA
welp, i won't get my 650 until earliest probably next week
:(
I'm glad she has her family 
Honestly, I think the only thing that MIGHT get through to him is if she goes to live with her family
FirionDarklight: perhaps
more seriously
a team of womanizers
Ace the Alpha
He hasn't done anything since he found out she was pregnant with his child
Blake the Rake
Chad the Cad
and she should be getting to work as soon as she can
wombat is like a bad stereotype
She picked a low quality husband, and she's suffering the consequences
it doesn't sound like she is much higher quality
Normal motivated men that want to protect their family would not let things get that dire...they'd break their backs trying to prevent it from happening
Tempy I agree
It's almost as if people like her actively try to not understand what it is all about
like they are two peas in a pod
I also think that in some cases, it's better for people to remain single
or just married and childless
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4404nz/followup_my_boyfriend_21m_is_highflying_and_im/
and suddenly at the 11th hour she wants him to change
how is this chick gonna make it in med school
Right
Pregnancy should never have even BEEN a possibility until after school and they have jobs
right
She's killing herself trying to say he's a great man
Which is sweet of her
but it's also dumb at this point
You can't sugarcoat this situation
they will probably break up
was it deleted? 
most guys choose career over a woman
you can't pretend that he's some wonderful guy
why is it gone?
I removed it witzie
why?
it's not personal 
she answered the question thingy
It's not a RP issue
all the right format
I know
she will have to change her plans
RPW cannot turn a non RP relationship that's on fire and make it better
she got all the advice she can
I choose career before women
*she could be given
But I have my doubts that a majority of men do that
I'm sure there's still advice for her 
well
she's 8 months pregnant she can't just poof unmarry him
theres a limit to how much the lower head takes over
at their age?
hell yes
No, she can't. 
She can go to her family though if he doesn't get his act together
I have no idea sunhappz
People have given her every option, and every option sucks
because she's married to a loser
and she got pregnant 
Nothing will get better unless he decides to start functioning as a husband and father
2.5 years together
and no one can make him do that 
relationship started around both of them 18
i know plenty of guys who dated their gfs for 4-5 years
senior year of hs and all throughout college
when it came for them to make a decision about their career
they put it in their gfs' hands
and their gfs always dropped their own plans and went with their bf
cuz the bf, if left to make the decision, would leave them
that's just the truth
well I would move for J
and start over
even though I own a business
he is thinking of new zealand
what an adventure
she isn't active in RPW and doesn't contribute to the conversation of anything
i'd totally move for R, if we were at that point
she just does a drive-by advice question every once in a while
she isn't practicing anything we say
she's using us as a Dear Abby
Yeah 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Moscow/comments/v39ph/moving_to_moscow_to_study_for_4_years_currently/
aight I get it
And that's the mistake that allowed her to meet up with this guy
I'm all for marriage - but wait until you're done with school at least
(if you choose to go to college, which I think people should, but that's irrelevant)
i'm tired of facebook
http://www.wehuntedthemammoth.com/2016/02/03/what-you-need-to-know-about-roosh-v-the-pickup-artist-holding-meetups-in-43-countries-this-saturday/#more-22153
it sounds like she jumped from the frying pan into the fire
went from a bad place to a worse place
"His name has been brought up for years in connection with general MRA crap, because he is the man behind ReturnOfKings, a website you've no doubt seen pop up on your feed, usually posted by the kind of guy who likes to play 'devil's advocate' in feminist discussions. (He was also the mastermind behind Reaxxion.com, a now-defunct gold-sink Gamergate website
ostensibly dedicated to ethics in blah blah we know the spiel.)
Roosh been around for a while in the pickup artist world. He has published a series of books on how to score with (i.e, rape) women in different countries. (Obviously, this is where the "confessed rapist" bit comes in.) Now, however, he's aiming to get in bed with neo-nazis and general white culture extremists, which is odd for someone who is so clearly not
white. 
Roosh is also a big ol' professional troll. "
Yeah
married it and is having its baby
dear women, if you are going to move somewhere for school, please move somewhere BETTER!!!
I'm all for hoping for the best....but I also need some proof that "the best" is even possible
haha
and really her major is a terrible one for a job
Or, if you decide to move someplace a bit worse - do it because you'll suddenly be in a new financial bracket and therefore able to afford a nicer lifestyle
I can see an argument for that strategy
and i assume her husband was in her program
Very possible
so they want to branch out in a very overcrowded low paying career
i haven't seen them make one single good decision yet
 <PhantomDream> Or, if you decide to move someplace a bit worse - do it because you'll suddenly be in a new financial bracket and therefore able to afford a nicer lifestyle
i consider that a better place :)
Haha
Great point
Sometimes I think it would be nice to move somewhere in the middle of nowhere so we can get a three story house and acres of land
it's funny because people think of big cities as better because they are more exciting
but really most of the excitement is spectator 
I haven't followed this
But he canceled
in the middle of the country most of the excitement is actively doing something exciting yourself
i know. i think my feminist guy friend is a day behind
but he's mad feminist
he won't date a girl under 25 who isn't 100% progressive 
like flying and jumping out of airplanes
why though?
What is wrong with him?
cuz he says he needs a woman with life expereince
he's 31
and more mundane stuff too :)
he wants a unicorn leftist feminist hot nerd girl who has life experience and an established career who will fall for him within a year and be willing to drop her entire life and move wherever the Army mandates him to go
well hiya. i came in to an interesting convo lol
lol yes life experience is what makes you become 100% progressive
he's had some trouble dating haha
the last FOUR gfs he's had
all said within 2-3 months that they have "issues" and need "space" and tehy don't think they're ready for a serious relationship
this is after dating and withholding sex from him for like...3-4 months of casual dating
now he's frustrated and saying he'll be okay not ever having a gf or wife, cuz he won't drop his standards
i suggested a nice Jewish girl like 21-22, who just graduated college and he was like "UGH GROSS. no thanks!"
does he have brothers or sisters?
he has a brother
Was hoping he would be the end of the genetic lineage
:O
omg that's so mean
tempy have you been skydiving?
lol just talking about how i think most big cities excitement is a spectator sport
his choice to be a dumbass about this, so reality would be mean
ahh
yes about 7 times or so
oh fun!
i went a few years ago myself!
he's not a bad looking guy. kind of nerdy but decent. idk why he's so inflexible about dating someone even 7-8 years younger. 23 isn't that weird
for a 31 year old
was quite the experience
nice!
but most of my feminist guy friends are like that
lol
They all clearly don't want to procreate
i mean they do
there is this... bridge..park? i dont know how to call it, anyway, bridge park thats around here that looks really fun
How can they want babies?
Consexual sex for babis is clealy rap
they want babies with appropriate women
R had the same issue for a bit too
Yeah but he got out of a nasty situation
Divorce ain't funny
he got divorced and was dating again and all the women he was seeing was like in their late 30s early 40s. one woman had 3-4 kids from a previous marriage
his friends had to encourage him to date younger
i think lots of guys feel weird dating women much younger cuz of public shaming
http://www.mensjournal.com/travel/mountain-wilderness/channel-your-inner-spiderman-at-colorados-new-aerial-adventure-park-20150827
looks fun!
its cos Roosh looks like an immigrant
who works in a factory
Roosh can die in a fire
i think A would enjoy it
The only moment it becomes creeper levels is when you date a bit to close to the age of conset
consent*
over here
hmm
Like a 30 year old dating an 20 year old
is that creepy? i don't think that's weird either
weird would be like
I don't think it is that creepy
creepy is like
but that is public opinion
she JUST turned 18
and you're 50
rofl
yea
but you know
people aren't sane anymore
i think R was weirded out in the beginning because i'm a year older than his step son
but whatevas!!
what's the age difference?
17 years
27 and 44
he said his limit was 20
my husband just came in here  and analyzed his head shape at me
if he is still in a good condition it doesn't matter
so there you got :D
lol
WingN: why? lol
what did he ..... conclude about his head shape?
he has that little front porch on his forehead liek agent smith from the matrix
and an upright egg blockhead
i taught him my idiosyncratic phrenology lol
rofl aww
all my BF have been blockhead
upright egg
http://www.addictinginfo.org/2016/02/02/tenn-republican-flips-out-calls-female-reporter-a-btch-over-a-taxpayer-funded-614-picture-frame/
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/443tn6/caring_too_much_about_those_outside_of_the/
"I should not have used that terminology, but as the media has the freedom of press, individuals have the freedom of speech. And I can tell her what I think about her. And I did that, and I dont apologize for it. There are people that dont think I should have done it and that it hurts politics in this area, and so be it."
is there an attached personality type to blockheads or something, AtlasB ?
what the fuck is a milquetoast and why is it pems favorite word?
 /shrug, theres a lot of input there but i dont really know what to say to all that
"I guess this is just a rant" is all i took away from it
Lol
Someone who is lame
Like a nerdy sissy type of people
Person*
pem's in serious defense of the milquetoasts
she is active in TBP, argues against RP tenets in TRP and PPD
Kind of hard to defend
i love that word
all these people need to stop backpedalling
agree and amplify
thats what donald trump has learnt
Who is fqtw
crisco
Oh
she wants a magic pill that will propell her out of her La-z-boy and turn her into the perfect woman with no effort on her part
"Any woman at a 4 or above in attractiveness can get pretty much whatever she wants, on her timetable."
Pem is so delusional
solipsism
oooo i didnt even look at her history. her post just read as "i need a swift kick in the ass"
she's already been banned from RPW once
yeah crisco is being edgy
went straight to TBP to side with them
was unbanned from RPW and is now active in at least 4 pill subs
She needs meds. I can't tell just by her stream of consciousness writing that she's not well
she has meds and refuses to take them
Jack4ss: ??
Good morning!
lol
" I forget to eat "
dont worry crisco
that made Jack4ss day didnt it
more like year
Morning :)
morning
ive been in such a good mood ever since that list
it was a brilliatn idea
Jack4ss*********
morning
she has a ton of really bad problems that she isn't taking care of
https://www.reddit.com/user/i_have_a_semicolon/submitted/
on top of that shes a smoker,
https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3y954v/how_can_you_smoke_weed_when_you_have_no_apparatus/
LOL
she needs to get her shit together
i dont mind helping people but she doesnt even look like shes looking for help
she has the answers, she has the meds
Ugh. I'm sure that's contributing to her wackiness
.sex females add DG69
Hmmm
I don't know why sometimes it says welcome
Thanks bot
Other times it doesn't
You unsexist weirdo
Just like sometimes it vouches sometimes it doesn't
You've created a monster
she has crohns and isn't eating right - that's bad and can lead to huge major surgeries
lol
I had to help Jack4ss out, his brain gets overloaded trying to figure out who is a man and who is a woman
thanks drok, you are doing gods work
she not bright - can't even figure out how to smoke pot without a battery operated device
just to clarify, god was trans
lol
I like that
Hey I do squats too
show me ya glutes gurl
Am I supposed to report that to drok?
it all goes into the databas DG
Drok I squatted more than Jack4ss did
Put it in my file for today
"why I take selfies with a myspace angle" 
https://i.imgur.com/V1OVwCX.jpg
DG, you arent fooling anyone
lol
yeh millenials have even dorke dup drugs
its astonishing
That bird has game
there is not one thing millenials havent touched that they havent endorkified
yeah lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o27tIdYggY0&feature=youtu.be
rofl!
Nice
witzie https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/anti-abortion-is-dysgenic/
he always thinks so much like me
it amazes me now for years
yeah AtlasB  
I've always thought its interesting
i think ive been reading him over 10 yrs
the beguiled "racist" evangelicals 
yes
put saving black babies as their highest priority
above any other political issue
pushing for more poor blakc kids
right
the whole point of planmned parenthood
as founded by sanger
was to halt the birthrates of poor an dblack babies
If love to see a WingN response to that thread.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=7&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwipov2-xN7KAhUCCz4KHdvLAscQFghIMAY&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tamut.edu%2Facademics%2Fmperri%2FAmSoInHis%2FMain%2520Points--Margaret%2520Sanger.ppt&usg=AFQjCNFZyjJnfaKRUWi-AnlWLeDWNUcH6w&sig2=JoGkp8gVe8FPP7n3IoBdEg   St sanger's racist masterpiece
the left can't fully let go of their support for eugenics
you can see that in how they support aborton
they just deny the motivations now
I can't help but just call her names in my head as I read it . 
im telling you it turned me pro choice overniht one day
i personally love steven levitt
after over 25 years of being pro life
for saying that abortion is good because it means less poor black babies
steven leavitt explains reality to lefties in such a condescendign way
freakonomics cracked me up
i thought that was the full text of women and the new race
she has crohns and uses that as an excuse to be comatose stoned at all times 
here a pdf http://pdfbooks.co.za/library/MARGARET_SANGER-WOMAN_AND_THE_NEW_RACE.pdf
Wasn't she in chat here one day complaining about her lack of flat stomach?
getting high is the only thing that she has the desire/will to do
and i'm fine with pot
used sensibly 
yep, first wave feminists just wanted "equal rights" 
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/MSRuj0Zm/
it's fun to smoke and do creative things
but when it is your escape from life...
She wastes her time reading people's opinion on the internet, so wants people's opinion on the internet of what to do. 
When it's your escape from life, I think it becomes more of a gateway drug.
yeah
Has anyone had any luck with non aluminum deodorant?
i mainly use coconut oil, but you have to keep applying it
sometimes i use a quick swipe of Sure over the coconut oil
I've forgotten all about it, but I tried coconut oil + baking soda, and that worked well - it's just a pain to apply.
the baking soda kind of gave me a weird funk
I've never heard of that. The coconut oil masks scent?
you clean and then apply and as long as it is still on, there isn't a scent (on me ymmv)
i don't undertsand the pastebin
im not a republican anymore
but it rubs off easily
what does he mean from sex servitude specifically?
thats the founder of planned parenthood
wha
being enslaved by having to give birth
oh 
margaret sanger
that's pretty extreme haha
"women and the new race"
read it
be instructed in the reality
of feminismand progressivism
I'll look into that
i haven't noticed the coconut oil staining any clothes yet either
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/VsjEedO5/
Someone missed Tempy's lose the loser memo
It's Loser Day
AtlasB: i love how we both asked Pem the same question
hey griddy
droppin some truths in that thread
Are you a proponent of women marrying men for resources?
witzie: i'm loving the back and forht loll
keep at it!
lol
and witzie 
did you see wolfsouls droppin some truths griddy
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/44445l/if_a_man_puts_a_girl_in_the_fzone_does_it_make/cznmvlr
i wonder if he'll answer your hot wife question
it's a little late for that lol
everyone ignoring the elephant in the room
pretending men make it obvious
lol
I doubt it
he won't answer 
haha witzie i just replied to Wolf
That's so true yeah
Boys are stupid
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/44445l/if_a_man_puts_a_girl_in_the_fzone_does_it_make/cznau06
omg
this dude
i cant wait until he's on TRP or Relationships
like "Plate is trying to kill me! Halp"
that woman has a decade of resentment building up
Who's fwbs for 15 years
Wtf
You're not normal
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/443l5f/im_8_months_pregnant_and_my_dear_husband_still/
DG69: that is so bizarre
"yup, you're boned. sry."
like that woman is dumb
at this point i wonder if she's a mistress
like are they both just single for 15 years
She is the dumbest lol
Is she like holding out for this guy?
Maybe?
And if so
that is what i mean
when he finally marries his chick
she's going to murder him
Oh yeah
because she thinks she invested 15 years
You gon die dude
the problem is that she is a loser too 
RIP to Brickface!
Lol
and it was fine with two losers losering out together
witzie
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/44445l/if_a_man_puts_a_girl_in_the_fzone_does_it_make/cznovto?context=3
but now that they are about to have baby loser
its a huge emergency
at the 11th hour
he wont marry her
hell dump her
'and show up married
in 6 months
to someoen else
like Big and  Carrie
what shitty deal would no woman take?
am-scray
hahah
are you pig-latining him?
th emost instructive relationship in Sex in the City
yeh lol
hel R-U-N-N-O-F-t
for o brother fan slol
hes doing that female thinking thing
wasn't an emergency for 7 months
where hes attributing omniscience
and mindreading
to the woman
whats funny AtlasB 
a man acts like hell commit for ten yrs
is that all the TRPs think sex and the city is vapid You-Go-Girl
and the womans supposed to "know"
good morning
witz right?
did you watch it?
I'd be curious to know how he's doing in school with that sort of a sleep schedule.
its like red pill school
lol
Howdy
no
but I've heard from you
i iused to get on my ellipticla and watch it
and bitch and complain about it
the whole time
my h would crack up
how are you today?
Can I have in on PPDAfterDark guys?  https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/7SbQxB3P/Screenshot_20160204-165838.png
"you dumb hol ewhat are you doing!!! aidan love you!!!"
non of that is related to us anymore
ppdafterdark is gone
:(
i notice with art
that peopel cant understand when art is illustrating principles
by SHOWING the results
they take it as celabrating
the thing thats being warned against
Oh, full of piss and vinegar as usual. Yourself?
haha i see. i'm doing well. just finished listening to an audiobook of 'The Surrendered Wife' 
yeah that was a big deal
aidan was gonna commit and she was like nah
alpha widow 101
yup
and then she wanted big and nigga still didn't want her
i mean just because the writers tacke don a happy ending
then she jumped from mediocre relationship to another
doesn tmean they arent fully aware
what theyre illustrating
the truth of wha ttheyre illustrating
yeah all of the ladies in that show were pretty informative
when big showed up married to that young woman it wa slike a punch in the gut
i remember we'd take tests on which "sex in the city" girl we were
lol
it reminde dme of the scene in when harry met sally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnierMA90D4
"he just didnt want to marry ME"
where is my boss????
omg
i have to go to lunch :(
fuck it
Was it informative?
hey hey
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/4467cn/the_world_is_scared_of_men_congregating_red_pill/
high dominanc ewoman meets high dominance man, love ensues 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8JJE9mdusA
and they end up holding guns on each other
lol
only movies reveal human nature
or used to
I WANT to contribute to some of the recent posts on rpw but i dont think much of my contribution would be constructive
lol
the reporting on roosh
is SO out of whack
and out of control
"pro rape blogger"
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/445fph/after_12_years_of_marriage_and_two_kids_my_37f/
religion!!
fucking hell
goodfellas has one of the great HHH marriages of all times
Am I the only one that thinks Reddits format is shit? It's really impossible to discuss anything anyhow
an dof course at one point they hold guns oneach other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8JJE9mdusA
yeh thats why i like the IRC
he was on tv live this morning
i hate bulletin board style communication
https://twitter.com/man_private?ref_src=twsrc^google|twcamp^serp|twgr^author
oops lol
i think roosh did good
this is my official teaser for trp.red
brace yourselfs
yourselves*
https://twitter.com/man_private/status/695195410810413056
*clutches chair*
It's brutal, WingN.
I'm out of the loop. Is roosh the pirate?
They don't read.
They get as far as "PRO-RAPE" and they lose their minds.
yep
nah thats the private man - manosphere blogger
the swiftian satir eof that post was so blatantly obvious
to anyone wit a brain
he lost an eye to cancer
All his books are "how-to rape guides!"
Amazing
As if the average man needs a book in order to rape the average woman, if he's so inclined.
Haha
"Well I think I'm going to hold her down and stick it in her ass while she cries, but I'm not sure. I should probably consult the literature first."
Said no rapist, ever.
I'm sure the audio book sells more copies
religion is not to blame
millions of ppl a day
with balls
ignore their religious upbringing
and do what they want
peoples character of internal inhibition is their own problem
Probably.
I dont think its always that simple
they are oversocialize din the sense th eunabomber used it
I like to put on a nice intellectual podcast when I rape bitches, personally
I think if you have been in a religion from being a small child and it becomes a part of your identity its hard to walk away
and I think honestly
Gives new meaning to the words "That'll teach you bitch"
lots of people dont have the balls to just go and do something 
against their upbriging
it takes time for them to grow those balls
LOL lot
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/445fph/after_12_years_of_marriage_and_two_kids_my_37f/
how do i speed up the growth of said balls
practice using them
piss on your dad to establish dominance
then piss on your mom to claim her
TIL
there we go Jack
come tell us how that went
Tough crowd
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/445kv7/me_24_m_with_my_girlfriend_23_f_of_almost_3_years/
thats what I meant to link
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4461cm/i_27_f_with_my_husband_25_m_am_starting_to_think/
mom's macking on the son in law
I'm excited about the site  . I hate Reddits format. It doesn't encourage discussion
how big is the chance that they are having sex?
well, its reddit
so high
ill give it a 50/50
I'm annoyed its taking so long to get that survey posted
I am clearly entirely out of the loop. lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedPillWomen/comments/42zrhz/want_to_help_shape_the_first_ever_rpw/
a whole week already
why? are you writing a research paper and your deadline is looming? :)
hahaha
no I just think it sounds fun
it sounded like it was going to be pretty extensive
I think this woman has bigger issues than her husband chilling with her mom
jezus
might now be easy to just whip out
I'm also annoyed there hasn't been another big terrorist attack yet 
would do wonders for trump
terrorist ARE awesome
they need to get their shit together
only news entertaining enough to be worth watching
they really do
maybe if they joined roosh's rape legalization scheme 
the lack of organization is crippling their potential
so annoying
stupid ayrabs
yup
i mean they are both on the sime pro-rape side
roosh is middle eastern
he's a typical rapey mooslem 
probably insane paranoia and stupidity
they should join forces and get shit accomplished
Sup PPDBot 
I don't know why everyone takes him seriously and not the other million typical rapey mooslems 
guess because he pretends to be white
nah she is like collection of disease, disorders and bad physiology
rapey mooslem. lolol
.context
Valizadeh is about the least white surname ever
 oh right
yeah lol
all this outrage about banning him from countries 
he should be banned...along with the billion other rapey middle easterners
lol
They're retarded.
Way to make him a martyr
but sjws love rapey arabs
just not roosh
You've just elevated him to the status of "religious figurehead"
hypocrites
And she's 27!
She must be obese as fuck
What's the link?
hilarious thing is that if roosh did take that road
and say "it's in my rapey mooslem genes"
they might blow it all off hahahahahaha 
ok;jk
the one that susandeath posted
"i was born this way"
yeah lol
he should do it
 https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4461cm/i_27_f_with_my_husband_25_m_am_starting_to_think/
Thanks RedManBearPig 
np
'J is on a marriage green card' this explains everything
yep
and I think RMBP is right
she must be super obese
or the unluckiest person ever
The grandma is probably a GILF
*ma
hehe
Aye susandeath, the whole 'can't move house ever' makes me think that she's overweight to the point of near immobility and her ma is her career 
*carer
yep
also she just got diagnosed with the diabeetus
so thats also an indicator
https://i.imgur.com/46K0pHD.gifv
I want to make this
my MIL cracks me up
She posted a thing on facebook that says "ever since I traded food for sex, I can't even get into my own pants"
you wont tho
way to rain on my parade, jackass
I don't mean that as your name
but as a disparaging remark
you should make it witzie
it looks good
no
Jack4ss said I won't
dont do it
I badly want cheese. I don't normally get dairy cravings but they've been bad these last few days. Bread roll dip not helping
my motivation is shot 
you are a rubbish cook
:( 
there goes my self esteem
well then I will make it for you witzie
I am an excellent cook
you won't
nobody loves me
Make it and send pics of you eating to him. The jealousy you'll provoke should motivate you witzie 
lol i needed to print some photos before i had a samsclub acct and my MIL told me to use hers. she gave me a password and it was incorrect and she says "uhhh tryyyy this one..." and tries to subtly spell it out as if i dont know what it comes out to
I would if I lived close wiztie
"iluvsex" i lold and she blushed and it was adorable
Madness
http://jezebel.com/5987888/if-you-want-a-more-thoughtful-boyfriend-try-pegging-him
I hope millions of women try this, and every man responds with a swift slap to the face
or just hit him upside the head with a cast iron frying pan
is that satire?
There HAS to be a breaking point for every guy, even the most unappreciated  low dominance guy can be pushed too far
I like to think that this would be it
"liberation from the masculine straitjacket"
a big loud wake-up call to stop putting up with pushy women
that women want to don
LOL WTH Phantom
The world is going to catch on fire any day now
0,0
yeah
im trying not to go into a snicker fit at my desk
thanks for that
people are nuts
tehre is something seriously disturbing
about single moms wanting their sons to go on dates on with them
weird suff
stuff*
i have so much to say and yet nothing to say about that at the same time
i just. what.
im pretty sur emy mom had an affair with the 1st bf i lived oith
at some point
either whil ehe was living at our house with me
or during one of th emany times he lived there after i moved out
probbaly not while
because she had ag bf thennothe ryoun
she had anothe ryoung bf then
that's kind of gross lol
why>
her bf won't call her
why is it "gross"
that is gross 
so she's like "wehre is my son? maybe we can go out to lunch!"
theyr enot related
i'm like eww
eskimo sisters with your mom
oh
no
its gross for me
to your point, AtlasB i think ti's kind of mean haha
if it was after we broke up?
who cares
well then its gross for her 
i said what my coworker's doing with her son is gross
she could have a serglio of all my exes for all i care
your vag juice transfered into hers 
lol
eww
seraglio
what your mom was doing was kind of shady ya know?
but if you aren't bothered in hindsight, whatever
yak now?
why is it shady after we broke up?
i'll ask bill if he wants "liberated from his masculine straitjacket"
see what he says lololol
now wha t my h did with a mom and daughter
the mom was shady
loool
lol ppl are scum
hahahah witz
http://jezebel.com/5987888/if-you-want-a-more-thoughtful-boyfriend-try-pegging-him
the vag juice trifector
i dont think i would like to have sex with someone my dad had sex with
pretty certain that will never happen though
i can just see A http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-UA0svjHozLk/Udskr9-ko4I/AAAAAAAARYQ/lrbh-gYCLVQ/s320/wtf1.gif
Hahaha.  I'd get the side-eye at the very least
yeah
same
If a guy didn't have any desire to be pegged he'd have to be pretty thoughtful to agree to it in the first place
who knows, he may be self oppressing
not even know it
buartha++
Isn't schwyzer the one who had a bunch of affairs then had a twittet breakdown?
The trick is to use a strap-on that looks nothing like a penis (says a commenter)
yup
with his students
buartha++
What would that even be?  A ball?  A pyramid?
an edging tool?
what self respecting straight man
would agree to get pegged?
wait buartha, was this set of affairs
before or after he got pegged?
During I'd imagine
i mean before or after this 2013 article
the trick is to sneak up on him in the shower and drop the soap
The breakdown was after I think
Though maybe he was pegged into a better man
i guess pegging didn't make him a more considerate bf
Haha fiat 
Fiat++
lol
J's pretty laid back, but I'm almost certain that would get me bitch-slapped
He got fired and now works as an accounts assistant according to wikipedia
in fairness, i remember drok actually looked up the stats on bottoms
they usually have masc digit ratios
Apparently he also invited James Deen to speak at his uni while he was a professor there
the pornstar right?
R would dump me on the spot
Aye fiat
im sorry but if i tried to use a strap on that even looked like a vagina A would ... i dont even know. just why
Ever since that taylor swift song i've been getting the porn star and actor mixed up
once in a while
I came back to a discussion on vagina juices
i second guess what people are tlaking about 
This is why I love ppd
besided i lol at "the trick" if you ahve to "trick" your man into having sex with you ...
i mean really
there might be some faint correlation to gay males who bottom being confident
I thought about it before but dismissed it until drok brought up that study
Jesus, my heart weeps for guys growing up with this bullshit. 
Which are the fem digit ratios again?
so maybe the guys who get pegged have more testosterone actually
Yeah that study was crazy
But I think it was fairly small sample size
buartha: http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/bering-in-mind/top-scientists-get-to-the-bottom-of-gay-male-sex-role-preferences/
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/8pVqY6YW/
Hehehe at the title
small sample, but statistically significant
lol i love creative titles like that. ya
Of course there are more trans. Everything is upside down
http://i.imgur.com/88kHGLr.gifv 
No filozof that's not it
it's talking about gay bottoms
whether that applies to pegged males is tenuous at best
Everyone is confused
and stupid
note that this is among harvard grads. The discussion when we were last talking about this matter was about prison inmates
and i still strongly believe that in prisons, it's generally the more masc dudes that top
because that is the stronger, rapier position
Is quite cool, though the second sample size is a bit small for anything solid to be concluded. I'm still going to bask in my evident masculinity though
buartha: masc = longer ring finger relative to index finger
Haha I like that kittenkajira 
yeah there's probably a reason why topping was always considered more masculine
esp right hand
lol buartha 
My right hand is masculine and my left hand is feminine
I have bi hands
right hand beats left hand, iirc
you pass, you're team man, buartha
I love how she's about to do the no-no-no move right when he pushes
I don't wanna be team man. Maybe I should just surgically remove a knuckle
Lolol
Post that on rps thread . it's perfect!
hahaha
i think that instead of being more thoughtful, he'd be so scared of you that he would *seem* more thoughtful
if he didn't come right out and slap you silly like he should
"Rapier"
Lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/44445l/if_a_man_puts_a_girl_in_the_fzone_does_it_make/czntmza?context=10000
Okay Probably Quite Drunk bitched me out
and then accused me of being the bitch
I am amused.
He played the victim so quickly. 
a lot of them do
Griddy++
witzie https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/the-noble-lie/
the victim flag was waved unabashedly 
moron
stupid
dolt
its obvious what you meant
lol look what just posted that she was lonely "and just wanted to talk"
https://www.reddit.com/user/Linewatgermany
WITH MY BOOBS!!!!!
i need fats omg
ok?
griddy: "If only you'd follow your own advice and fuck off." <--- haha, griddy it sounds like a flashlight went off in his head after your bolded comment
he knows where he misunderstood but now it's more about feels
lmao
like a 10 year old
double down and insult when wrong
Be a good host :)
hahaha
thai newlywed with boobs out wants to talk to guys - yeah good RPW candidate lol
She just wants a good recipe or two I'm sure
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/446ssf/my_23f_boyfriend_24m_can_be_very_rude_how_do_i/
-_-
um duh - peg his ass
She needs milk based recipes
Ha! That'll learn him!
dont you even Jezebel 
yeah griddy
AtlasB: I agree with that
gah idk how you can stand reading cringerelationships
every time someone links something it makes my skin crawl a little haha
Payton missed the link, before
http://jezebel.com/5987888/if-you-want-a-more-thoughtful-boyfriend-try-pegging-him
Ha! Thanks Passerby6 ! I didn't even know I was missing a reference, I just thought Tempy had a very serious manner of instigating change :P
That first sentence though. Holy cow.
lololol
wtf, the mods removed your comment griddy
why'd they remove your and not his
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/445iuj/childless_bachelors_over_35_how_sweet_is_your_life/cznszml
" Looking at the quality of women I'm able to attract, while contrasting with the seemingly happy and secure relationships my friends havev (and the comparatively higher-calibre wo/men they're with), I can't help but wondering if I missed my chance at love and marriage (or am somehow not worth of it) in my 20s. Certainly those were the years I was looking my
best and when most people get married. And a lot of days, especially after a bad date, it certainly seems that way. " 
This is life for older single men outside of the cities
imo
oh definitely
they removed his too
kept most of mine
aprivatemen bangs hot divorcees in a resort area of florida
or maybe i see it as kept
but really it's not
oh wells!
not podunk missouri
even smaller cities away from the coasts 
you don't get to be a bachelor like you do in DC or NYC
fiat !
lmaoo
i went back and quoted all of his comments
because im petty
griddy++
and i knew he would delete
or it would get removed
and i needed proof!
always quote
lol
i was going to laugh at you, but i still think back at that time i lost my temper with one bper who kept lying
i not only quoted her
i took screenshots
FML
fiat++
LMAOO
we've all been there
fiat++
i have no hard feelings against her now, btw, she didn't delete her account after that. 
in the midwest there isn't a constant unrelenting stream of new hot young women competing for 35 year old bachelors 
like I assume there is where AtlasB experiences
i mean, prob because she didn't think anyone would read that wall of text
all the quality marriage material people marry in their early-mid 20s
but still
after that it's "scavenge through the leftovers" party
lol you quoted a wall of text
classic
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/442tf3/so_now_its_incredibly_condescending_to_tell_women/cznuzrq?context=3 Why is this retard reiterating the point I made, over and over, as if he is debating with me?
witzie: the mid west is so wholesome
no griddy, worse. i WROTE a wall of text
awww
man
her comments were in screenshots
roflol
aww fiat
she invoked your extro blathering 
yeah the east coast is really a unique beast
We should unblock that post, Tempy.
that was the first time i white knighted SerNemesis . lol
evoked*
Let the women have at 'er.
perly was responding to sern's comment and article
with articles she never bothered reading
ser should start calling you Daddy
or less salacious
BB
i literally read through a small novel's worth of text
for big bro
and wrote a dissertation against her points. lol
the pregnant chick?
"here's what not to do: solicit attention from men online by flashing your udders. This will result in your being newly-unwed in a foreign country"
The one with the tits
Is she preggers?
oh the boobs chick lol
WHAT
caps
wat
https://www.reddit.com/user/Linewatgermany
RPW is getting some seriously crazy posts lately
I'm glad she posted to TRP
soooo
"hey, here's what your sweet foreign wife is up to while you're at work"
lol
shes newly wed
and wants to chat with dudes no trp
on*
AND OMG
she says that isn't even her pic
lol! that picture i cant even
lol
lol
I think it's a troll. She even said that picture wasn't her, didn't she?
WHO CARES
WHO 
WHAT
my brain
picture or no picture "im newly married, looking to speak to TRP men and specifially men on asiansgonewild"
um
she's so ronery...
AREN'T YOU GLAD YOU DIDN'T MARRY ONE OF THOSE FILTHY AMERICAN PIGDOGS?
when you can have a sweet, submissive wife with supple watermelons
lol tempy
i am facepalming so hard
mrw http://www.lindsayweighsin.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/is-this-real-life1-300x222.jpg
but really this is the kind of stuff taht makes me so sad
beause this is really how people behave
i'm certain it's some sort of spam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHTVuP5P4ok
Reminds me of one of those spam dating messages you get
i hope so temp, i really do
J gets those spam dating emails and has loads of fun reading them.  
lol
one of the guys i work with makes fake emails with ridiculous names like Bames Jond to troll spammers and string them along as if hes biting their bait
i told him he needs more hobbies lol
My bf and I watch TV shows online, and occasionally you get those pop ups that won't close
and tell you you have a serious virus
and to call this 1-800 number to get it fixed.
bf phones this number, and asks them how they sleep at night, being scammer shyster dickholes
and he usually ends the conversation with "eat my dick", which is my favorite part
lol - does he use a burn phone?
no
i invite them to come to our house
lol
hahaha
we'll double-team beat the shit out of them
Lol
i remember when we were looking for places to move and im only assuming the people who called were someone we were asking about renting frm but i have no idea bc the phone call only went *ring* me: "hello" x: "im looking for littlered" me: "this is she" x:"HOW DARE YOU. HOW DARE YOU." me: "wat" x:"HOW DARE YOU". it was some indian man on the phone with a
bunch of indian men in the background screaming. A and I cracked up over it and i still have no idea wtf
i'd love to see them pee on us tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdyC1BrQd6g
11:41:06 <@witzie> in the midwest there isn't a constant unrelenting stream of new hot young women competing for 35 year old bachelors 
Yeah but the fact that men settle down earlier really helps with the gender ratios

Uh
http://jonathansoma.com/singles/images/20-34-relative.png
I can't wait til this baby is big enough for me to feel it moving.
I periodically have these "HOW DO I KNOW IT ISN'T DEAD IN THERE?" mini-freakouts.
there's a better dynamic diagram
Look how close the gender ratios are
that allows us to choose the age range
Yeah fiat
This is from that
With 18-34 age range
ack!
*20-34
maybe buy a stethoscope?
if you take off the specific png, you get an interactive map: http://jonathansoma.com/singles
i think what you said about the men settling down earlier is pertinent
http://jonathansoma.com/singles/images/20-29-relative.png
Yeah
if the men are settling down earlier when female SMV is highest, when the demand for them is highest and when demand for men is lowest
then the 35 year old bachelors dont get as many advantages
Well now I feel ill
https://thehappening.info/media/57383622894a6485edf34a796df6ebf9e5dad47d
Yup
oh my
SPs older brother is 30 and has given up dating because it is ONLY either A: very fat women, B: single moms, or C: both of the above 
But it is much better for the young men because there aren't as many peers to compete with
with 80% in the C category lol
meanwhile the people who married in their 20s, there are a lot of trashy rednecks, but  also a lot of wholesome old school quality husbands and wives
Sp lives in the plains?
christian, the men are masculine the women feminine  
Or south?
but that ship really does sail early
my experience is in the midwest/middle south areas
Err SP's bro
some fat chick at work just got reeeeeeal snarky with me
like she was trying to check me
the fuck
she was like "let me TELL you about yourself. can i just make a comment?" whaaaa
Fat shame her
that would be rude
https://thehappening.info/media/57383622894a6485edf34a796df6ebf9e5dad47d
Lol witzie
she was like "when you come at us with your *tone*, we have to match your tone. and then you get confused. just recognize why we respond how we do"
the hell
When you're too fat for myspace angles.
eww witzie
: X
what tone
personally, i'd be concerned about putting my dong too close to that thing's food-hole
they like speak in unison and get excited and then the decibels increase and omg 
it's too much
so i check out
verbally and physically 
and they now want to tell me about myself. 
i think ti's cuz she acts like an ENFP at work
and i'm hard INTJ at work
Anyway almost all quality people (where I'm from) marry early or mid 20s
After that it's scavenge through ur leftovers
that's everywhere
but the coasts i thought
What happened with SP's bro that he missed the boat?
Probably
He's a weirdo serN
Yup Sunhappy 
Extreme introvert
most people don't want to be the loser 27 year old who's been to 10 weddings
and can't find a bf
my friend is 28 and that's her whole life now in south carolina. it's depressing
Though in the plains the quality men probably don't all succeed in settling down lol
i think in coastal big cities, that age is closer to 35
http://www.newsfoxes.com/2016/02/muslim-plans-international-event-165-locations-teach-men-seduce-rape-women/
but in fairness, i think those people who married in early 20s are divorced by their 30s anyway
Lol
I bet she quotes memes in real life.
looking at the data, it seems women marry more often than men, and that's where some of the high bias comes from
Lol don't think roosh is a muzzie
Oh deers
They'd probably stone him for leaving islam
yeah i was like uh...hmm
what is he then?
He's Iranian
Typical rapey mooslem as far as I'm concerned
close enough lolz
xD
you aren't botehred by him witzie?
*beohered
god dammit
*bothered
He should be banned like all te other rapey Moslems
And ignored
He is half armenian
Armenians are christians
okays just wanted to share
Anyway why doesn't SP's bro mail order a race traitor bride?
Lol
cya have a good day guys
Cya sweetle
later sweetle 
man the media really latched onto roosh
He's too introverted
And interracial relationship would be bad around there I think
Former NAACP head backs Sanders...
Yeah introversion sucks but mail ordering seems well suited for it
Lol atlasb his name is "Ben jealous"
if he's that introverted then it wouldn't be as much of a problem that miscegenation is frowned on where you live.
lol
yeh what about fo rhis kids
ben jealous, AtlasB ?
yeh
bleh
i don't like him. iv'e seen him speak a few times
his energy in person is lacking
do you think if clinton loses the black vote she still has a chance of winning the primary?
I hope not
"black vote"
i think shes under threat
12:27:07 <@AtlasB> yeh what about fo rhis kids
I doubt he cares
If she loses the black vote it is over for her
I doubt she will lose it though
https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/are-conservatives-still-fighting-the-cold-war/
Sanders will probably reduce the gap at best
here here LotB
hear hear?
i couldnt agree with himmore
Ooh yeah
the hysteria over russia baffles me
Ikr
its not 1982
we shoul dbe hand and glove with putin
splitting the world
and china
https://lionoftheblogosphere.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/are-conservatives-still-fighting-the-cold-war/#comment-95648
Lol
i loved what trump saids
le tTHEM drop their bombs that are a million $ a piece
you really love this blog
drop bombs where
this is a goo dpoint
"The keystone of conservative thought is making decisions to create a society thats robust to crisis especially war. So it shouldnt be that surprising to find that they retain a war mindset well after a rather nebulous war."
keepin gon a war footing staves of r selection
 <Sunhappy> you really love this blog  i love peopel who think like me
and corroborate me
and add to me
a lot of americans inc bureaucrats prob think russia (and china for that matter) is/are a bigger, more legit threat than middle eastern terrorists
Russia is mostly not dropping million dollar bombs
well they will be when islam take sover russia by default
They're using unguided bombs
and gets their uclear arsenal
AtlasB: you think that's possible?
no babies
high mortality rate for men
hmm
th efuture belongs to those who breed
no magic
is that why the pope was encoruaging more catholics to get married and have chidlren?
TFR is the biggest crisis facing all white nations
i cannot type today. wtf
and no one cares
The breeding differential is overly hyped for russia
no he just wants more souls
rofl
he doesn tcare if theyr eblack
white
hispanic
that wont save the west
And the men don't die until 50
https://www.google.com/search?q=russia+TFR&rlz=1C1VFKB_enUS605US644&oq=russia+TFR&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l4.1992j0j3&sourceid=chrome&es_sm=122&ie=UTF-8
When they're done breeding
russia TFR 1.59
buh bye
It has come up since then
yeh
france is up
but ill say its muslims
not french ppl
til shown otherwise
mohammeds like the number one baby namein all their western cos
More importantly Muslims in russia have declining tfr too
muslims and africans
muslims are not appreciated in Russia
sorry. TFR?
total fertility rate
i have to not support capitalism anymore in the US
thank you
basically
its very nic ebut
you cant have parts of capitalism
in a socialist welfare state
TFR needs to be slightly above 2.0 for stable replacement rate
you can have one or th eother
thats why im abandoning capitalism pragmatically
not "morally"
same with abortion
you cant have a welfare state
AND ban abortion
the left right divide in US
is leading the the most nonsensical middle paths
welfare state AND prolife winning
at the sametime
the progressives at least understood the welfare state required abortion, birth control and sterilization
http://darussophile.com/2013/07/from-russia-to-russabia/
looking
im happy to be wrong
wait, i dont get it
i dont want muslims inheriting russia
you're abandoning ban on abortion in favour of welfare state?
in any case, i do agree that you can't have welfare state without abortion/birth control/sterilzation 
the welfare states not going anywhere
http://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-planned-parenthood-texas-births-20160203-story.html
and no ones even pretedning theyll get rid of it
"After Texas stopped funding Planned Parenthood, low-income women had more babies"
the fiction that anyone is going to get rid of the welfare state
especially on the verge of AI
i cant carry it anymor
e
no ones even trying to
its nto going to happen
so at least stop the poor from breedign already
and give them BMI
to STFU andbuy things
this is just pragmatic
the welfare state happened
everyoen wants it
you dont see conservatives pushing to end WIC
SNAP
TANF
lol https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/43zf1c/dealing_with_divergent_views_and_backgrounds_in_a/
its all just ag subsidies to archer daniels midland anyway
err one make smoney from th epoor now
little batteries
interesting to see this pragmatic expression. reminds me of when we talked about the compatibility of libertarianism and many other ideals with advanced tech civilization
I like meritocracy for instance but wonder if it is best for advanced
advancement
well interestingly
it was talkign to tempy and bill
that made me see
many libertarians
"Yes--my dad is a committed feminist who would be horrified by the idea that my hand is his to give!"
are as eager to destroy advanced tech civ
as the left are
Those are the same people who yell at people for holding doors for them.
im not sur ei want to be independent in a cold water hut
i lik emy moms cancer treatment
the goods of civilization have costs
maybe it COULD have evolved a different way but it didnt
progressivism occured
genie cant go back in bottle
it isnt as if your father is selling you off or something, it's just respectful i think 
i just loved how emphatic she was that they not mention us :)
haha you know bringing up tempy and bill reminded
exactly what we are takin h about
Is that something that happens in xx?
one thing we argued about was California prop taxes and other matters
the inefficiencies
right
I can't imagine anyone mentioning it to anyone over there, other than to criticize.
it would benefit sern and younger folk
but be bad for older prop owners like me and tempy
right
I wasn't saying I supported it but I do think certain ideals I like
wrt to property ownership
are often detrimental to advancement
she doesnt even want her father to walk her down the aisle 
rofl this entire monologue
the old favor policies that amass wealth to them
why are you rofl?
and limit it to the young
"if there's a tradition I will shit on it to prove my loyalty to feminism!!!"
th eyoung favor redistribution to them
to stop the old from hoarding
theres no hand off from the boomers to the next
its very unnatural
whats rofl about it sunhappy
its just amusing :3
Ahahaha
i enjoy when you go into your monologues
https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/43zf1c/dealing_with_divergent_views_and_backgrounds_in_a/
i think it's hard for a lot of groups to accept that their ideals are impractical or detrimental to advancement
right
wrt to liberals, it's the matter of inequality
i absoltely think some measure of inequality is actually better
sure
for advancement
required
I left chocolate syrup out over night. Is it still okay to use?
i bet it's fine
i can't imagine there's anything in there that will go bad
i always leave it out
is she dating a muslem
that is the big question
theres nothing in it that needs refrigerated
TLDR: I was brought up in a strongly feminist, progressive family and community in an English speaking country. My boyfriend is from a more conservative, traditional family and community in another country.
good to know
tey aren't gonna work
Tempy> i just loved how emphatic she was that they not mention us :)
yeh please,no thanks
yeah lol
I found this interesting "Most of our cultural differences can be managed with a bit of compromise and discussion. But some things are tricky. For example, he doesn't like it when I wear really tight clothes to the gym, and im kind of torn between feeling like a bad feminist if I acquiesce, and just throwing on a t shirt instead."
100$ says yes
it never ceases to amaze me how tolerant feminist/progressive women are towards conservative men of other cultures
but not their own
Why would it make her a bad feminist by doing something he asks of hers?
or not doing something he dislikes*
interesting question
What a nightmare
How DARE he care that she doesn't sell herself to other men visually 
and want her to be a mother
I really wish people could just tell him to run
seriously RUN FORREST RUN!!!
Any opinion a man has about the woman he is committed to or marrying is automatically 'controlling' if he has opinions about how she conducts herself
Drives me crazy
The moment she abides it, she is giving in to the patriarchy
Especially when same woman will treat her friend's opinions like law
And, ya know, reddit comments.
Lol
eugh im so grump today
Patriarchy is not wearing tight gym clothes
Yes, the practice of asking advice online, from strangers is a really weird practice
Yes drok
She said she doesn't even care about the t shirt
woops
repetitive 
She just doesn't want to give in
Sounds terrible
Why is he with her?
*asking for advice online from strangers is weird
Because he is probably ignorant
but I think it's symptom of familial and communal breakdowns
right
3:05 PM <+fiat> it never ceases to amaze me how tolerant feminist/progressive women are towards conservative men of other cultures
3:05 PM <+fiat> but not their own
yes fiat
Maybe she feels that she is fighting the battle by wearing tight clothes
RedManBearPig: because she's a hot white girl
ftfy
Shit forgot about those
or maybe if her mother always gives RPW advice :)
People don't have church, or lifetime family friends and blood relations all ready, willing, and able to help out
Been to long in germany, only muslems here
why go brown when you can get dem pure aryan genes
Or if they are there - the input isn't as highly valued as perhaps it should be
What married/LTR woman listens to input from single strangers?
theres also the huge problem of kids "knowing more than" adults
Yeah. Everyone is soft on kids
ugh they are so old and boring - what could they know?
They NEED boundaries
feminism is poison
and this is the perfect example
yes - anything that is considered tradition has to be thrown out
She is more concerned about being a 'good feminist' than caring about what her future husband thinks....that's cult behavior
Eh
lol
Just honor kill her and move on
go brown if you don't want dem pure skin cancer genes
when an ideology is more important to you than the person you love....something has gone really wrong
feminism is a shit test 
I'll take the skin cancer SMS
I don't want those dirty indian or arab genes
leftism in general is kind of a shit test
if we made all the races mate together, would different colours eventually be lost, and we'd be left with one?
I can already see a dead bedroom brewing
thats ok lots of white women do ;)
what the right leaves out is that the shit tested are often shit 
Yes jack4ss
the dream
Lol such a hard lie SMS
cause if he wants her to be a traditional mother and has ample money to secure that lifestyle
she's letting feminism dictate her actions instead of relying on her own feelings and decisions
she's going to resent him every step of the way
They either want black or white
nobody wants brown because it looks like poop
I bet he'll also want a traditional wife
and black guys don't look like poop?
white guys don't look like mold?
yeah was she complaining that he would want to work full time when they had kids?
that tends the home and takes care of all domestic duties without beating him over the head about how he 'doesn't contribute'
No, the opposite from what I saw
mold?
He wants her to be a SAHM 
at least while the kids are young
so probably 5-6 years at least
and she wants to work
ah
> and though he is very keen on being a parent, unlike men from my country I know that he wouldn't be keen to work part time while out hypothetical kids are young, especially since he makes so much more money than I do.
and she is OF COURSE insulted that he wants her to take his name
im actually surprised more white women aren't white-only
I know it's not a tradition that is common throughout the world
poop?
mold?
thanks bot
im pretty sure i added that one
poopy?
okay no i added that one lol
so what race would be left
if everyone mated
what colour
we would be telling her to dump him and let him find a good wife lol
Latinos
No
Asian
why
Latinos
Because there are more asians
Take a Cuban
man thats a scary thought
Ready to get depressed?
https://thehappening.info/media/3cae850ab41ef1d300c0835af8511377970878d0
slant eyes light brown
they're part indigenous (and native indians look asian... across the strait!), part African, part Euro 
and it's true
https://www.youtube.com/user/savanamazing/videos
You can look at her first 3-4 videos
There are pictures online Jack4ss
the world would lool like Marco Rubio
look*
Of what it looks like when everyone blends together
oh my - i didn't even look in her history
oh wait - changed subject probably
as soon as any human lineage started breeding endogamously in semi isolation again
I don't like it actually, I don't know what all my miscegination talk was about
races would reemerge
yep AtlasB 
i lik emy humans unblended
like my peas and carrots
i like my mush!
i prefer the appearance of all pure ethnes
jk
there's more interbreeding to come
black white whatever
she used to be so cute :(
bye bye redheads
AT LONG LAST
What is the best ethne at pure AtlasB
to you
the soulless shall be snuffed out
no theyre all beautiful except aborigines and samoans
aborigines aren thuman tho
Well she was a weirdo fem even with long hair
sometimes i feel bad for women
so they dont count i guess
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/R5zNa2vZ/
that some of them have sex with this http://nanonews.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Marco-Rubio-Donald-Trump-Targ-500x500_c.jpg
lol oh AtlasB 
http://m.mic.com/articles/87359/national-geographic-determined-what-americans-will-look-like-in-2050-and-it-s-beautiful#.UzUQrKY77
im sur emelania cries into her pillow every night
TLDR: I feel insecure because a guy (or guys) made fun of me at 13 - NEVER AGAIN
nah
her pillow is gold
she's just suppressed all sex drive
but instead of being normal and moving on....she just decided guys are at fault 
yeah but you get billions for sleeping with that
and replaced it with the orgasm of nice things
which ya know
i dig it
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/fiCsnKeD/
HAHAHAHA
So what, grow up
Clearly you don't want to be with guys like that
women are psychotic.
All the Asians are turning white
And all he whites Asian
but seriously that photo of Donald is indistinguishable from Mama June to me. 
that's just americans drok, nobody cares about america
lordy - all those videos saying nothing except LOOK AT ME!!!!!
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/LpoJjEcl/
What world do these people live in
ahhhh
everyone is too asian
I have NEVER ONCE EVER thought hateful things about myself
Yeah
the only one i like is the girl
And I KNOW I'm not drop dead gorgeous
at the top
The first girl is cute
that's the head photo
she keeps drifting into and out of a fake accent
she looks more black/white
I didn't listen haha
But her hairdo is weird
im racist
http://gawker.com/report-man-ejected-from-somali-plane-in-midair-was-sui-1757112253
i find this slightly amusing
once I saw that she had the words included in the description
her hair do is a ponytail?
hahahaha probably best 
And her upper lip looks like mustache, but that is probably the lighting
the hole in the plane xD 
that is not beautiful drok
at all
Yeah it's not done right
"People have opinions - and that makes me feel worthless" has got to be the dumbest line of reasoning ever uttered
her upper lip looks like mine... when i have a reaction to citrus
it swells right there
holy shit they are all so ugly
http://media2.policymic.com/62ea99a36aa33fa82769235a7ed0420c.png
she took a photo after breaking out in hives
If people can make you feel worthless, it's because you never had worth to begin with
like happiness
It shouldn't get messy until after the tie
people think it comes FROM, or is the RESULT OF actions, people, events that happen to you
it's something you CREATE
for yourself and share
wait
right
Jack4ss: 
lol the dude detonated a bomb on the plane
and then
and then was the only one sucked out of the hole he created
got sucked out the plane xD
LOLLL!
propelled into the sky
im dying of laughter
in a lil terrorist sized hole xD
I had a really short haircut when I was in high school, pixie. And I loved it (would never do it again now, but I also wasn't dating - and boys were not on my radar at the time haha)
I was at a tournament, in full uniform washing my hands in the bathroom
You know, their parents probably sucked
and another girl walks in, sees me and says "you know this is the girl's bathroom right?"
I need to do the race mixing myself
(she clearly saw my short hair and not my uniform)
I don't trust other people to do it
I just busted up laughing
Hapa females are the best looking
"in a lil terrorist sized hole xD"
Sound like Aaron the just
lol! Jack4ss 
Too bad I'm no east Asian OE white
And thanked her for the reading lesson (since she pointed directly at the woman's sign)
I can't create any hapa daughters
hahaha
He considered hapa females unicorns
*not east Asian or ehite
Still one of my fondest memories
White
Gah
Unicorns lookswise or personality wise?
I don't know
Both maybe?
One guy dressed up as me for halloween (he played the same sport, but was on the men's team obviously)
I wouldn't say hapa females are any better or worse in personality
I just disagreed with it
https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQRzKHS4MVHXGjmUaejSK1alEc97Jm-ApX3BRDRYpGo8KOTH6H9mg
Good chance they acquired evil Asian mom syndrome I imagine
lol
SerNemesis woman
I didn't even know the guy, but it was hilarious
That is a south indian
An indo-vedoid
people like the video woman are the type who really can't get through life without validation
Another time, a rival coach actually went up to my club coach and asked if I was foreign (implying that the club had recruited a non-American specifically for the team, which would be against the rules)
slit your wrist types
Err indoveddid
It just makes me laugh, but teasing is also a sign of affection in my family. So I grew up getting picked on in different ways. 
dang you should have approached speaking another language
yeah my family is big on teasing
i have to go run errands and i dont feel like it
AtlasB: if mixed race causes genetic confusion, why do many of the whites seem ok mixing with Asians?
why doesn teverythign deliver
He thought I was Russion or German - and I don't know any words...also, my coach only told me after the fact (but never mentioned who it was that had inquired)
how are the mixed kids psychologiclaly
?
ah
thats th eQ
i think the error of "hybrid vigor"
Right
is that its likely a group genetics thing
not individual
As in?
But even the parents
the intrusion of new and useful genes into a population over time
On having kids that don't look like them?
If anything inbreeding is a group genetics thing
AtlasB: whats that sort of redhair black people/
not a vigor in th eimmediate individual half breed
what was that called?
Anti individual
redbone
lol
redbone nigger
malcolm x was a redbone wasnt he?
They say they don't like it cause the kids won't look like them
oh
yeh
If you are white and make a baby with an Asian
Inbreeding let's the group weed out bad recessive genes
It still doesn't look like you
theres lots of secret feelign abotu that
coems otu sometimes
its liek adopting
basiclaly
one drop rule
the baby resembles neithe rof you
yeah but if its your blood
doesn't that help?
i dotn think thats how we work
i think th evisual cues ar eimportant
I mean I just still don't see how you can be all about let's keep the white race pure, but I'm also going to make some hapas
purity for thee but not for me
Sernemesis I thought inbreeding would propagate recessive genes
not if the population is large enough
this is really fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPD4Ae-Zv_Y&feature=youtu.be
Are there female drumlines?
Your bf martin shkreli pleasing the fifth in front of Congress witz
With a rude face
I mean it's still keeping more recessive genes than getting rid of them
lol
On the news right now
Lol
how's he doing
does he have that smugass face
Yup
or did they prison rape it off him
Found this
ah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DaG5qldaX0
still untarnished
poor boy 
horrors to come
Very different feel 
I can't tell if I like it or not
lol yeah very different
I prefer the male routine
*routines
that I've seen
all about precision and focus ONLY on the drum etc...not writhing around suggestively
They could do all that and just stand still and I'd be more impressed I think
im not sure precision would be a word used to describe the women
haha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW3QVLlK-kE
Stuff like that, just gives me chills
same with the River dancing routines etc
women can do that and it's great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgGAzBDE454
it's easier to be "edgy" and freeform than to be skilled and precise 
look at modern art compared to the old masters
http://imgur.com/br18w26
look at that mooslem face
idc what he calls himself
okay, i have to go to the bank
Watch the blond woman's opening move
https://youtu.be/qW9_-fCwc1c
Okay!
Take care
have a nice evening everyone
Lol my married coworker just told us "don't be one of those guys that gets married. Just have lots of girlfriends."
yeah
someone has to warn the new guys
13:42:36 <@drok> Sernemesis I thought inbreeding would propagate recessive genes
No
either that or be the sex tourist
How?
It would cause the recessive genes to express themselves
In the phenotype
Right
And the individuals expressing the recessive genes would die without children
Why?
Due to the recessive disease
But you only get the recessive disease from inbreeding in the first place
SerNemesis: LOL
even if its a simple recessive gene
1/4 will have the recessive phenotype
1/4 will be completely normal
but 1/2 will be carriers
you cannot kill off the carriers, only their progeny
Yeah but that is a lot less than without inbreeding
no you're making more
The recessive gene spreads through the population more if you don't inbreed
and has almost no effect
but if you inbreed it will massively affect one group
With inbreeding the families with the gene will die off soon
not really
theyll just make more kids
Whereas without inbreeding the gene spreads through the population
youll end up with more carriers
so what if it does, it doesn' tmatter unless it is expressed
No they have 3/4th the reproduction rate
yeah so they'll make more kids to compensate
you're assuming ceteris paribus
anyone wanna have a chat about life in pm
and ponder our existence
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_purging
i hate everything right now jack
be my guest
awesome
im glad you hate everything, cos i do to
anyway back to the original issue of hybrid vigor
It is absolutely beneficial for the individual
Because you benefit from dominant genes in both gene pools
And don't have to deal with recessive genes that exist in one or the other gene pool
joke is on you I don't need a j jerk
ignore that!
you just need his sperm
we're trying to fix my keyboard
Lol mads
with sperm?
no the freaking j key fell off
A quick brown fox jumped over a lazy dog
Oh
Lol
race me m8s http://play.typeracer.com/?rt=x9b5ad87vked
ooo i'm good at this
click enter the race
damn it
awaken got me
you have to click join race
I'm on phone
Lol
gain?
who is racing me
Will race you later today
When I have computer
i just raced twice
get rekt! 
who's the person still goin?
I dunno
I am speedy gonzales 
ain' an accomplishment, nerd
but i still wanna beat you lol
race starts in ten seconds remember to click join 
I was gonna try anyway but damn case sensitivity
BAM
fuck
now they make me take a test to see if I am cheating lol
lol
noooo
too many errors
is the 30 wpm guy sernemesis on his phone? lol
Yeah
Woot woot
lol i just had to take a test, i did one with 115 wpm
lol
link I saw on reddit (https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/447li8/cmv9_always_lie_about_cheating_to_your_so/czo2w9e)
lol i just got 88 wpm even with all those errors
<--- 1st place. This geriatric has still got it in him.
you only won because I got robbed
how did you get robbed
I opened a little window by clicking on someone's name
and it covered part of the quote 
we all have our excuses. my keys stopped working at the very start
i was last place for a while
try again punk 
nah i think i'm good.
I never have anything to prove again ever
lol
"When a man cheats on me he's doing something to me. What a man commits white collar crime he's not."
yeah
let's make accounts so we can see who we are racing 
Man 31 wpm with phone. I'm just awesome.
ew phone typing
I'm sure you beat me by miles
I am so shit at phone typing 
YES I fixed my keyboare
ROFLOL
.quote add 5:32 PM <@madscilove> YES I fixed my keyboare
that's almost as bad as AtlasB's "werbal is my forte"
lolol
.quote
.quote
.allquotes
She's got rubber ankles!
are there any good newer sci fi films i havent seen
Have you seen, the machine, atlasb
The Machine (2013)
ROFLOL 
I guess this title isn't ironic?
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/48976714674055664/
"Throw any group of random items together on a tray, and it somehow looks intentional and chic."
lol
no fiat i havent
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/81/63/81/816381cddb038b86d238e13f2f0a8c30.jpg
she's kinda not wrong?
ok imma dl that and automata
that looks cute
the tray
fiat shoul di use tor for pirate bay?
does it matter?
yea i don't think it matters for the most part. 
oh i dled at play in the fields of the lord and last exit to brooklyn, i forgot
i wish i could share these  movies
for you though, i'd say if you're going to be using torrents a lot try to limit your seeding
meaning
or remember to turn off seeding after a while. they bust you for seeding
not for downloading
oo ok
i have ppl seeding my two most obscur emovies
that only have like 2 seeds
i can just turn it off?
yeah and i guess companies don't care about obscure movies
it's a really small chance. i've downloaded so many movies/songs without problem
and there's only stray cases of people being busted and that's for seeding enormous amounts of data, wide variety of content
i just felt i had to inform you even if it's 0.0001% chance
you can just turn it off, or you can throttle the uploading
look for keywords in your tixati (I'm assuming you're using that, as btl told you)
like "upload", "outgoing", etc
and see if you can find option to limit that or completely stop it
ok i turned off the seedign for each of my dls
at least i could do it manually
thatnks
yes. that's what i do when feeling generous. i just don't like leaving it on and forgetting about it
i liked chappie better than ex machina
it had heart an dmore to say
yeah, chappie had more going on and a bit more action which appealed to my immature self. I connectd with ex machina a bit more though. Maybe my cynicism
2:47 PM <AtlasB> fiat shoul di use tor for pirate bay? <-- btw, i had assumed you meant torrent 
no
because in diff context some people might assume you meant Tor
tor
onion router
anonymity network?
oh you really meant that
yeh
lol
im computer dumb but not that computer dumb
i taught myself abotu tor trying to bypass a troll that wa smuting me in a chatroom
you should not use tor for pirate bay
ok
tor is very bandwidth limited 
ah
not that it would matter. visiting piratebay itself doesn't strain bandwidth
neither does downloading the torrent file
it would work for sure
it's downloading the media using the torrent client that takes bandwidth
the risky part is being part of the peer to peer network
that is where they are sniffing
yes
and you could download the media through tor 
I think it would work
but it is very much against guidelines
yes
and I am not sure that the node owners cannot tell 
yes, etiquette is low bandwidth using their tor browsers
they should not know what the data is but peer to peer transfers have a particular sort of pattern 
and for sure they can tell how much bandwidth you are using, anyway 
https://blog.torproject.org/blog/bittorrent-over-tor-isnt-good-idea
hmm
I am not sure if they actually do anything about the bandwidth hogs they are complaining about 
anyway you don't land in very hot water even if you are caught 
my isp got a complaint about me years ago, it just resulted in my dad getting a letter 
am i in any actual danger of getting in trouble?
it's possible, but probably not
it's considerably less risky than littering 
that was quick
two movie sin minutes
the way you avoid annoying letters is not seeding like fiat said 
now i have two obsure  movie  i cant share with my friends
weep woo
especially highly watched intellectual property like current tv shows 
no i dotn care about new stuff
mostly i want to find obscure films
like at play in the fields of the lord
or last exit to brooklyn
oo i should watch kiss of th espider woman again
right your risk is basically zero if you're not seeding AND it's obscure movie
movies*
ok cool
watchign the machine
ok the begining is upsetting me
lol
good sign
AHHHHHH
A stood on my back the other night to crack it and made me fart a little and now hes not letting me live it down lol
i was so embarassed lol
oh man, I met an actually creepy man in walmart today
Alright got my IRA all squared away now
he was a big old guy with a cane, and I almost walked into him by accident so I apologized. he stuck his hand out and I thought he lost his balance and was falling, so I gave him my hand and he kisses it... ok, whatever. that's nice I guess.
We will see how good I am at predicting the market
but then I tried to walk away and he's still holding my hand and twists it so he has me wrapped in a fucking bear hug hold and starts kissing me on the cheek
I mean if the efficient market hypothesis is correct I should only get beaten by the market by like 1.5% per annum due to commissions.
Yikes madscilove 
so now I'm telling him to knock it off and trying to get away and he fucking does it AGAIN. I should have just shoved him but I didn't want him to fall and hurt something. 
that was so creepy. I don't like being pinned by old men
Was he Samoan?
You definitely should have shoved him
looked polynesian or mexican
yeah, I wasn't thinking clearly I guess. 
This is how women and old people get away with violence
when he let me go I just walked away really quickly
People don't fight back for fear of hurting them
loll madscilove that is absurd
so in blade runner was the replicant test a kind of turing test then
the guy starring in this has that almost ginger coloration i like
little_red_: I have to tell you something that has happened to me before - Occam has said something so funny, that I accidentally farted while I was laughing. He didn't hear it or anything, but my face completely changed. I went from cackling to a startled and quiet with a look of panic
He thought it was funny, but I wanted to die
lol! yasss
the blade runner thing was kind of an inverse turing test 
i couldnt move because he was still standing on top of me and cracking up
awww
he only picks at me about it because he loves my clam reaction lol
the turing test is based on separating the judge from the computer or human and seeing if he can tell from the conversation
AtlasB: isn't it funny when a propaganda video has 100% the opposite effect as intended?
https://www.facebook.com/attn/videos/vb.160389977329803/990307394338053/?type=2&theater
i put on his jacket when i got home because its cold "ok but dont fart on it"
"noooooooooo"
Hahah, I have a lot of those to various things - and Occam loves to push my buttons haha
lol they usually do
while the blade runner thing was examining the particulars of the subject 
hold on ill look
It's really fun (and funny) 
for both of us. He just knows me so well, and it's easy for him
haha yes
Men *like* emotional and reactive women, as long as they aren't going nuclear 
Really?
Hmm
right away theyre ignorign the immediate hastening of robotics
Something Occam always tells me - he LOVES how much movies or stories will affect me (I'll just break down crying) 
And he enjoys seeing that softer vulnerable side
the presenc eof cheap labor is inhibiting it
and of course theres no way cali employers would raise wages a bit to entice native US ppl
things touch him a bit more sometimes when he sees how much it affects me - because he doesn't get that emotionally torn up over anything
theyd just all fold and disappear
stupid ad
There are very special things that will speak to him deeply
ya A is very much the same way. hes very stoic (at least most of the time) so when i get all riled up about something i just see him smirking at me lol
and he will get a bit choked up, but it's a severe deviation from his normal behavior, and I know I'm one of the very few people that has ever been allowed to see him show that kind of expression
HAHA
it would hurt the competitiveness of us agriculture
but it would help native workers 
right
I mean, if I was crying or having a fit over something stupid - Occam would ignore me
ive been put in time out before lol
I get cues from him if something gets me fired up
i was super frustrated over trying to put our entertainment center together and he literally put me in time out. had to sit still and be quiet for 5min
lol
and if i said anything he made me start over
(generally it's me stressed out by something to do with work)
15:25:35 <@AtlasB> so in blade runner was the replicant test a kind of turing test then
When I hear "shush" I know to settle
I think it was an emotional teat
It's never mean, or harsh
Test
right
to see if they had human emotions
There are tones he only uses with me, and generally only when we're along
Yup
*alone
or were jus timitating them
Weed out the spergs
yeh lol
Hahah little_red_ YES
hah
I know exactly what you mean
if i took that test id fail it
It's so great though, and he's always right
oh it totally worked. he sat there with me and we started talking and joking and  i cant even recall what it was but he had me laughing in tears
he said "see? all better"
Yup lol
Yep
It's so great to have that in your life
Someone that knows how to temper you when emotions go wild. And he can joke around and stay calm because he knows that's not your norm
oh completely! i would have continued fuming from teh ears in the situation but he brought me back down
helped me figure out the problem/solution calmly and we fixed it together
If I was blowing up every day and constantly on edge - Occam would be much harsher
lol
if you saw a turtle rolled over in the desert HOW WOULD YOU FEEL
lol
He's jokingly complained that he can deal with really difficult women, but that I'm so low maintenance that a lot of his abilities just go to waste since he never has to use them
A simply wouldnt deal with me. ive told him "thank you for putting up with me like this" if ive ever been in a particularly bad mood or something and he always reassures me he doesnt put up with me because he doesnt choose to be with someone he would have to put up with
Yes - bad behavior isn't tolerated
those bouts are far and few between but i always feel guilty if i unload on him after a particuarly stressful day or something
"Ridley messed with the original story, the replicants were only supposed to be pale imitations of humans because they couldn't empathise with others. But in blade runner he made them more human than human. He also added a bunch of occult stuff that wasn't in the book, all this eye of horus symbolism. Clearly whatever Ridley was trying to say, wasn't what the Author wanted to say."
interesting
I never read the book but I probably like the movie better
its a short story
do androids dream of electric sheep
It's good that he knows how to handle things when that does happen
oh witzie i put a film base don a philip k dick story on your list
streaming
its weird
and no ones perfect
we are women after all
thanks
I've had moments I'm not proud of - but Occam also reminds me not to be too hard on myself (which I definitely can be. As 'strict' as I may sound to other users, it's really only because that's exactly what I expect from myself as well)
yep, but im really glad ive changed the way i have and become aware of certain things. A is the one that triggered me to seek out RPW when he linked me a TRP thread before we started dating and i dug in
That's so great. He was definitely looking out for you and trying to improve things, even if they were good or great from the start
oh of course! but its important to not be lax with yourself. standards start slipping and create a landslide
yep
I agree
this movies compellign me but it still suffers from what all movies today suffer from
the ppl are too coiffed
too young looking
look at a movie abotu scientist slike "Brainstorm"
Okay fiat I want to shoot something by you
people in movies were always coiffed
maybe not so young looking though
so on a completely different subject i started playing halflife! i just finished it and bought halflife2 and will probably get life is strange and talos principle when im done
i WANT to wait for a steam sale but patience is a virtue i lack
not like this
have you seen brainstorm
natalie wood
christipher walken
and loiuse fletcher
are scientists
natalie woods last film, she solder, obviously
before they killed her
uh i mean she died
lol
I think a lot of users have this notion that they have to be absolutely perfect all the time...or they think ECs and Mods never make mistakes - which isn't the case. Really, we just know how to curtail mistakes before they get out of control, we understand what to be mindful of, and on the few occasions we slip - our men are there to re-direct. It's also
helpful that they set boundaries in terms of behavior. 
I have not even heard of Brainstorm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNiZP2G-nEM
they look like real people
Hahaha
yeah, but think about the history of cinema
Gone with the Wind = coiffed people
yep spot on. we are not robots but i think we are at least more mindful than some
It's good, and you can do a lot of exploring etc. Occam got the first chapter free in a sale I think
it wasn't until the 70s that anyone was allowed to look "real"
i bought black mesa for like 10bucks then hl2/chap1/2/portal for 15bucks
i <3 portal
right
agreed
im only comparing to the late 60s on
I haven't heard of black mesa
what's that about?
I'm on a River Dance kick haha
black mesa is just halflife rebooted on the source2 (?) engine
so it looks better but doesnt have the final chapter in it on xen
I suddenly want to take up Irish dancing, despite being uncoordinated, old, and the fact that there are no classes near me haha
youre on a dancing kick!
irish dancing, belly dancing
lol
I know!
haha
I just want rhythm 
I'm athletic but not really graceful 
thats awesome though. i was never a dancer, i took ballet and i was a gymnast but sometimes i feel like i have two left feet
haha yes
I mean, I guess a little bit with certain exercises and pilates moves
but it's different...not the same as actual dancing
How long did you do ballet?
only for a few years, my gymnastics coach required us to take it
I love barre work outs (still only at a beginners level, maybe a bit intermediate depending on the video)
It's pilates, but more advanced and standing up 
What was your favorite thing to do in gymnastics?
i preferred flipping and running and jumping and all that jazz vs plies
i loved floor and uneven bars
i hated vault
i remember in one competition i was at vault and ran full speed into it
LOL
Hahaha
I hope you weren't hurt too badly
i was so embarassed haha but i had to do it again likei couldnt just go hide
nope just bruised ego
That's good though
i still placed haha
Aweseome!
i loved it. it was my life but i broke my foot/ankle too many times
These are british though. 
so had to either risk surgery (would have been a sure thing) or retire
i retired :/
do their characters in films tend to be more "coiffed"?
not in the past
they wer eless actually
yea SerNemesis ?
its just a common problem i have with film today
kids have so much raw talent and potential - anyone can learn to play a sport or dance and come to enjoy it if you just expose them to enough things and don't let them 'opt out' of trying stuff
so is Brainstorm good then?
Oh ouch!
its probably super dated
i used to love it
That must have been really painful
yes im so glad my parents encouraged me to try different things. i tapdanced as a young'n, did some karate
its not good like scanners
which i assume you saw
oh yeah and now every time i twist it i freak out
I always had to pick at least one sport to do at all times, but I was a goober and wanted to do everything haha
lol
I played 3-4 consistently until high school
ya
so should Brainstorm go on my list?
thats great though, i really do think it makes you a well rounded person
honestly i havent seen it in decades
i have no idea how its wealthered
When I asked my parents if I could take horse back riding lessons they said "Sure, as long as you don't need to eat for the next year" haha
I agree
i mean i love logans run and look at that lol
knowing what it means to have obligations and following through on commitments
https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/mFbK96Wr/
my list of movies to see
I wanted to quit midseason one time, my folks would not let me
most added by you
I had to finish and then talk to the coach after we were all done and explain that I wouldn't be trying out the next season
oo lots of those i found streaming
network
you have to see network
So I was thinking about diversification fiat
I felt so bad, like I was abandoning people and letting my coach down. But I felt strongly enough that I wanted to focus on other things, so facing the consequences was just part of that process
The standard thing seems to be market weighting the positions in the various sectors
I think most kids today would just be allowed to leave, with their parents making excuses
and the kid learns nothing
But wouldn't it make more sense to ignore market weightinga
ok the bluray for Network is in my cart on Amazon
And base the weighting on sector correlations?
funny, you must of recommended it hard
(Or if one assumed the sectors were correlated the same amount, equally weight all the sectors?)
i dont believe modern educated western humans
would torture a pretty female robot
with no feeling
Of course this is ignoring overweighting certain sectors because you think they're undervalued
ok this is retarded
sorry
lol
from bladerunner AtlasB ?
i think i remember you saying something about that once
this wasnt written by anyone remotely associated with or familiar with science
she's talking about The Machine, witzie 
but i love that they wouldnt let you
no this movie th emachine
oh
whats it about?
somethign stupid just happened
It's definitely possible
spoil it enough and maybe I'll watch it
you committed to something and you were oing to see it through 
16:01:19 <@AtlasB> i dont believe modern educated western humans
i dunno, AtlasB these aren't regular plebs. they're STEM and military
16:01:28 <@AtlasB> would torture a pretty female robot
Yeah, I love that my folks didn't let me get away with anything haha
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2317225/
Probably not
Not that I was really a rebel
I tend to fully immerse myself in games
It depends on how badly you want to micromanage your IRA. if you're not micro-ing it then what most people would suggest is an index fund
E.g. I'm unwilling to betray ai allies that are friendly to me
dotn ETFs have lower fees
Yeah index etfs have like 0.1% expense ratio
But I'm moderately managing my ira
this seems like it was written by a humanitie smajor who would write for the show black mirror
I.e. buy and hold
Companies that I think are undervalued
if any account can be micromanaged its IRAs, if you're just starting
i tend to overvalue tech sector
i think it might be western bias
the robot is still Maria from Metropolis
maybe i'd be overvaluing energy or finance if i was in east or south US. heh
the first robot in film
Lol
i assume youve all at least seen clips
I'm an engineer so if I don't pay attention to sectors I end up buying up materials industrials and energy
but you do pay attention to tech more than others don't you?
as someone in bay area
it makes sense for people like us to invest more in this sector when we're involved and think we know better. lol
I tend to be tech-skeptic though lol
buty all the sectors
weight them
in any case, if you're going to micromanage in spite of comissions
sector spdrs
then i guess you might want to weigh investments yourself instead of using index
on fidelity you can weight a basket of sdrs
spyder etfs
if i hadnt actively fucke dwith it it woudl have done well
i save dmy original one and monitored it
Yeah I'm using fidelity
But I'm picking stocks myself
because if you use funds
I've got 8 stocks
and rely on funds for sectors
then i'm not sure how you get past wash sales
unless you want to stay out of certain sectors for 30 days at a time
I like black mirror, hahaha. The pig episode was delightfully prescient
where do you have higher hopes than tech then, SerNemesis ?
tech is doing well
look at tech-based ETFs like QQQ
that's a popular one and it does really well
Well I am invested in apple
I just don't like internet stocks that don't do anything real
E.g. I'm skeptical that Google is worth as much as applr
*apple
https://youtu.be/5MfhJjbNNJE
But i currently have good hopes for metal producers
I think google and amazon are real. maybe not amazon right now, but it's not like they're just about software. (maybe i'm biased because my bro told me to go in at around 300 a year ago)
The industry is struggling due to china
you can get a metals etf
theres an etf for everything
they're pushing innovation in tech, not just an online vendor
Wait I'd say amazon is doing real stuff
Yeah atlasb but then I can't get as much alpha
This way I can pick stocks
Microcap value is what I go for
rare metals fucked me. i was in molycorp, doing well. got like 100-200% returns on various investments. then decided to go into rare metals again and got fucked.
all rare metals dropped. everyone thought they'd do well; talking about how china couldn't afford to keep dumping
yeh i made some money on REE etf rare metals
the problem is i stayed in, out of curiousity
lost most of what i got on MCP
aint that always the problem
lol
i had to take all my money out before it just corrected
to buy out my grammas partner on a building
i probably woudl have lost it all 
lol
i think SerNemesis has a point. it's usually recommended that people get etfs some sort of index because people just want you to be safe
and leave your investments
because day traders, busybodies get hit hard on avg
the storyline about this gingers kid is so i-dont-care
but if he is set on testing himself
and *wants* to micromanage himself and believes he can do better than the avg that DALBAR estimates investors do
then it's better to do individual stocks. easier to avoid wash sales
while staying in your trusted sectors
Right
16:18:38 <+fiat> rare metals fucked me. i was in molycorp, doing well. got like 100-200% returns on various investments. then decided to go into rare metals again and got fucked.
Yeah
I'm in basic materials
Steel and aluminum
Looking at the prices
I figure they have been sufficiently hammered that they will inevitably rise when the industry picks up in a few years
how could "alive" for a robot mean anythign but "self aware" "aware of ownmortality"
theyre still treatign "alive" liek its magic"
Anyway since most of my individual stock picks are microcap value stocks, even if I don't beat the market I'll match the s&p 500 after commissions if I hold for around a year
hey camille are you here?
why do you assume they are microcap value
SerNemesis ^
shkreli thinks we're headed for a correction 
Oh I'm picking microcap value
but there's been a lot of barking about that and no bite so far 
not sure if I should wave my junk in the dog's face anyway 
4:34 PM <SerNemesis> Oh I'm picking microcap value <--- i mean how are you determining they are value stocks
what site/source is telling you or what are you looking at fundamentals?
yahoo! message boards, duh
the robots clothing is bulletproof
thats useful
lol
it should be Philly proof
as is demonstated by Canadian robots
holy shit the uber rebranding is amazingly awful
i'd call it a parody if i thought they were self-aware enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx1-im6i8uk
Hi barcoblanco are you an RPW?
I am now witzie
they used a male body for th erobot a lot
the machine was ok fiat, i just finishe dit
lol philly proof
I think I'll try that inversion hair growth method   
this is interesting SerNemesis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cBNfbSTw9s
Hi!
You should use castor oil if you do
wish I spoke russian but I think this is pointing out direct fire accuracy of the spg 
I don't usually believe "one weird trick" stuff like that from the internet but if you testify that it actually worked for you I take that seriously
I got 1 inch in 5 days
I am on RPW yes
that's pretty amazing
I have some argan oil I thought I'd try since I already have it 
barcoblanco: can you message me on teddit please my username is Camille11325
I like the idea of large multipurpose guns, like the famous '88 
yeah chappie and ex machina were much better for me. but it wasn't bad and it was sci fi also about machines which we were talking about
so it sprung to mind
when I buy more oil I'll try castor, thanks for the recomendation
witzie I did a lot of research before I did it and I was skeptical too but so many women saw great results
And I figured it wouldn't hurt to give it a shot
when you invert your head down, do you continue massaging or combing your hair or anything?
or literally just let it hang 
It's not some fad people have been doing it for ages
No I just sat there
No combing or massaging
so you massage for 4 minutes and invert for 4 minutes, right?
you've seen lawnmower man, right AtlasB ?
Yep and be sure to have a times or guess
Don't!
or other flowers for algernon themed films?
Inverting your head for a long time is bad for you
oooo camilleee
how did it come out
1 inch!!
ahhh i need to try this
i dont trust myself though i feel like id do it every day haha
I had to stop early because I got sick (from M not the method) that's why I only did 5 dad
I think diet and lifestyle are key though
One sec switching to computer
ofc. i need to start up on biotin again
we eat fairly well
Okay finally back
Lost cell reception
16:42:26 <+fiat> 4:34 PM <SerNemesis> Oh I'm picking microcap value <--- i mean how are you determining they are value stocks
Well I consider price to book primarily
Throw in price to sales and price to cash as well
Also consider price to earnings but a lot of good stocks have had poor earnings recently
one sec 
spectrum?
Do you take biotin camille?
I'm mixed up with hair advice and politics :)
.help
lol
There have been studies showing that simply classifying stocks by price to book the lower price to book stocks outperform the higher price to boom ones
And small caps with low price to book do the best of all
And this pattern has held like every decade for a hundred years
yeah i take biotin every night
Good evening all
was afk showing M the spectrum ill be back in 1 min
this game was made for me
*_*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEzse41g_dI
hi littleknown
http://i.imgur.com/lc1sfCD.gifv
I usually take more than the 2 gummies recommended because they taste good
hope that's not disastrous
oh woah
thats some long ass hair
Biotin? Is it fat or water soluble?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-A91tyg5zb4
If it's water soluble, no problem you cannot od.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PurplePillDebate/comments/448c93/is_martin_shkreli_alpha/czo9nmj
lol
fat
im pretty sure
Fat soluble is trouble
doesnt the body just dispose of unused vitamins?
also i think for hair growth you need good amounts of fat and protein in your diet for hair growth since protien is what hair is made of and fat helps w/ all functions
I googled "biotin overdose" and it said this
"Side effects from having an overdose of biotin are rare. Because it is so easily excreted in urine and feces, the body can simply get rid of any excess. If there is an overdose of biotin in the body, there may be a noticeable increased need to urinate or abnormal sweating frequency."
only if its water soluble little_red_ 
oo
Only if its water soluble. Fat soluble gets stored in your fat, so it keeps building up in your system till you od.
til
kk i wasnt sure b/c i know biotin helps w/ fat and protein metabolism and energy use
just read my bottle it says that
its a b vitamin
*protein and fat metabolism for energy use
that is exactly what it says on the bottle
anything else you ladies would recommend for hair/nails? 
ah fundamentals, then. nice SerNemesis
Yup
fundamentals tend to matter a bit less for tech
i know there are vitamins with labels "for hair and nails" lol but i dont usually buy multivitamins so im not sure abt those
tech more volatile and migt be more about technicals but fundamentals are good for lost part esp long run
for *most part
Yeah
Though that is why I bought apple lol
Fundamentals
well theres only so much you can do for growth, length retention is the most important imo
right that's no nano or micro cap
And I believe in apple's ability to keep innovating
Yeah
being aware of friction especially on the ends, protein mositure balance, things like that
I was like "I don't want to go overboard on the microcaps and risk everything on them so I'll throw in apple"
yes, im trying to be better to my hair. i dont treat it myself anymore, i stay away from tight messy buns, i only shampoo it every now and then and its really looking/feeling so much better
i do want to get a silk pillowcase though
you totally should i love mine
Today I tried conditioning upside down, then clipped it up for the rest of the shower, then plopped.  My hair seems happy.  :)
just need to make sure i get a good quality one if im gonna get one
drok  https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/Df0TmggG/07%20Track%2007%201.m4a
love the way my hair feels after letting it sit w olaplex for awhile or after a warm olive oil treatment
A lot of my stock picking strategy is simply to do whatever institutional investors can't do
i put coconut oil on my ends twice a day and that seems to be helping w/ split ends i used to get them all the time and none this month so far
I was also sold. :) I'm on day two of inversion
oh yeh i saw lawnmower man when it cam eout
http://i.imgur.com/BSye7F8.gifv
E.g. institutional investors can't invest enough in apple because it is so big
yay! youre doing it right before bed right?
ooo thats interesting camille
well not literally right before but close enough right Passerby6 ?
and they have rules on maximum exposure to a single company
And of course institutional investors have trouble investing in microcaps
Evening
I didn't read that you had to do it before bed
I tried using the no-poo shampoo stuff upside down, but then all the water goes in your face when you rinse.
little_red_ split ends and heat damage are why i havent been able to get waist length thus far (prior to that it just wasnt the goal so i wasnt trying) but in jan alone i have been stepping up my hair care for that specific goal and i have gained 2 inches so far
1 inch from inversion, 1 inch from general growth, biotin, and lifestyle
I need to make some satin pillowcases.  Are you using those camille?
i hardly everrr heat treat my hair but ive had dry/split ends
thats so awesome camille
and im hoping to keep as much of the growth as possible hence the focus on the ends
dont want to have great growth but then have tocut it all off!
I did a bonus hoping it works: I also massaged my lashes with oil. Maybe that will stimulate growth
the coconut oil you use is just regular in a jar or fractioned?
its regular coconut oil in a jar, the same type i use to wash my face 
kittenkajira i use silk pillowcases
Neat!  I bought some fabric to make some, but haven't gotten around to it.  It's one of those things that will probably take me all of 20 minutes!
camille do you also wrap your hair or do you use the pillowcase alone?
lol kitten
lolwat
sephora sells silk pillowcases 0,0
Drok https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/zJ5Txosw/01%20Track%2001.m4a
Be careful. Most times when they say silk it's actually polyester
flowers for algernon is a good way to put it
i didnt think of it that way
Yep.  ^  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYUcCsgD80E
I think the polyester satin still works good, though.
oh im not buying it from sephora was just surprised to see it there
This is for hair kittenkajira ?
What's the purpose of the pillow case?
this is neat camille!
Yeah.  Satin/silk pillowcases keep your hair from breaking overnight and getting all mussed up
i do not wrap my hair or put it up ever M likes my hair down at all times
i wrap my hair at night because i feel like it makes the ends stay put while i sleep without getting roughed up but maybe a silk pillowcase would be gentle enough that wouldnt be a problem
but i usually sleep with my hair wet since i shower atnight
sometimes ill do a braid but it depends on the hairstyle that i have or want the next day (barrel curls, straight, loose curls, etc)
reuben's train?
yeh
i like their version
ah yeah nice
but thats just one big braid
i havent had any issues little_red_ but my hairi is dry when i go to bed 
just need to find a trustworthy pillowcase lol
did you ever hear harlan man by del mcroury and steve earle?
dont want to get duped!
https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/JZQqH4Sf/08%20Track%2008%204.m4a
i only put my hair up wheni work out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=094Y63BmXZ44
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=094Y63BmXZ4 <-- this is the real link
i am addicted to these now
WingN yes same
there are too many chats
i was just dancign around and i could feel it brushing the top of my butt
nice feeling on my back
my h fell asleep and i couldnt work out grr
oh, are people hanging out in the offshoots?
 /ban WingN
lolol
that explains why it's so quiet here today
D:
i cant wait!
its always boob length lol
always
yep itll be the end of this
we should invite some new people from ppd sub
yeh im trying to think who
haha that video
what would you have used to weight market correlations, sernemesis?
beta?
gavinok?
bellydancer for Atlas: https://gfycat.com/GrippingHomelyKoala
